Noobilite
Mar 1, 2020
#15,523
Stagmoman said:
I think people are looking way too deeply into the Dark Wheel toast. Remember, the Dark Wheel doesn't actually know Raxxla's exact location; they're just dedicated to looking for it.
"The whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void" just means that Raxxla is an irresistably tempting prize. You know it's out there somewhere and it's like it's whispering in your ear, tempting you to come find it.
"The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts" refers to the search for Raxxla consuming the lives of those who seek it, to the point where they abandon their loved ones to go look for it. The Dark Wheel are vagabonds, aimless wanderers, because they have given up everything in the name of finding Raxxla.

There is one line in the toast that I think is worth investigating: "the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies." While this could just be more flowery prose saying that Raxxla is the most valuable thing in the galaxy, it's strange to refer to the Milky Way as "the mother of galaxies" since it has no associations with motherhood. I believe that this actually refers to the constellation Cassiopeia, the mother of Andromeda (i.e. the Andromeda galaxy) in Greek mythology. I've visited some of the main stars in the constellation itself and found nothing of note, but there's still plenty of room in that section of the sky for Raxxla to be hiding in.
The Dark Wheel doesn't know where Raxxla is, but maybe they do know it's somewhere in this area. It's still a huge area to hide in but it's considerably narrowed down versus the galaxy as a whole.



(I don't actually know anything about astronomical coordinates or geometry so my attempt to illustrate the bounds of the region may be entirely wrong)
Click to expand...

What if raxxla is just a reference to A Cassiopeia. Remembering it and finding it something of interest over the centuries because it is gone now. someone mentioned it would be gone by now. When would it have disappeared and what would have been left of it in the time of Raxxla's earliest references.

I think cass is seen both upwards and downwards. Her original position and her upside down position from her place in a torture seat and one in her normal throne. Not sure where it's supposed to be.

I know something referenced an area out past heart and soul at around 11,000ly where it should be located and stating a nearest star in a very barren area.

The Cassiopeia Project
This expedition has reached it's conclusion List of mission participants: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RpTFEi8lrzwRKpXlHEyvAMDUwNTX72im8_GXMIcojb8/edit?usp=sharing Spreadsheet for the Tycho G hunt is here...
forums.frontier.co.uk

BTW, they also mention tycho which is also the name of an object in orions nebula weiner. Although I'm assuming it's not the same object since it says it should be 8kly out or something.

Does Cassiopeia hanging upside down for her vanity have anything to do with the disappearance of A cassiopeia?

I've also wondered if there is any connection to raxxla to the vela constelation. There are a lot of constelation stuck together there. I wonder if it has anything to do with the raxxla symbol in the codex. I kept looking for references from futurama to velorum, but it's it was velour. Not sure if there is a connection. Thought maybe that was an astronomy joke or something.
Last edited: Mar 1, 2020
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, Machina Ergo Sum, Crimson Echo and 1 other person