Count dEstard
Jan 21, 2019
#5,316
Scytale said:
Also mine but, anyway truth or hoax, as he isn't going to tell anything...so it actually doesn't matter.
A few Cmdrs already claimed finding Raxxla, and they disappeared. Into an other galaxy ? Would be so cool ! Another ED in another unknown galaxy ! With its own secret community, forums, etc ... !!
If it's true, let's him enjoy the Portal. If not, let's him enjoy not posting here anymore, as he himself wrote.
An other remote possibility, is... space madness. Poor boy, if so.

I must admit my first thought was "great he really made it", too. But now I have some doubt.

1) The ndc agreement he was talking about doesn't make too much sense. How should fdev ever be able to enforce it? What should stop the CMDR from blurting out the truth somewhere in non fdev controlled space like reddit or facebook? Nothing besides a pledge of honor he might hold on to. But there is nothing fdev could ever do to enforce the agreement efectively.

2) The part about having to cut all ties with all the ingame friends he ever made does make no sense at all. I'm playing with acolleague of mine and a few other friends I know from RL. Why should I severe contact with my friends, even moreso not tell them what I found?

3) I can believe the way to Raxxla is a way you have to go on your own. Of course you have to. It's a Spacesim, so nobody is going to pilot your spaceship there except you yourself. The only part where this makes sense is if the way to Raxxla is a semi mythical initiation. But then having to go the way all alone is a completely different thing. Initiation is all about the things you feel and experience during your way to membership/ the initiation ceremony. Ask 3 Masons and you'll get four different answers about what they experienced during their initiation into the brotherhood.

Sorry if I sound oversceptic, but until there is proof I will not believe.

Btw.: Just spend the better part of an hour reading through the Eleusis stuff and trying to cross reference the places mentioned there with Inara. Nothing. Oh - and I followed up on Scy's suggestion and had a look for rare goods at several places like Delphi, Athena and Avalon. Nothing.
Reactions:
ZeroAi