Rochester
Aug 14, 2023
#31,265
The fact that FD have attributed Raxxla with Milton’s Paradise gives us some additional insight. One: they call it the burning jewel on the brow of the mother of galaxies, Two: a pendant world.

This is a clear reference to the Miltonian model of a pendant universe. A featureless globe that contained our universe, it sat just below heaven, hung by a golden chain, this chain could morph into a golden stair, and this stair was retractable.

The older DW missions also I believe hinted towards this concept, the silent ‘song of the spheres’ and on the ‘outer rim’, were in my opinion Miltonian references to our pendant universe. As it contained and was constrained by the ‘spheres’ and Lucifer walked upon its outer rim.

This staircase led to the bejewelled gates of heaven. The chain led down to Eden.

Said golden ladder is the same as ‘Jacobs ladder’. Jacob dreamt of this ladder whilst resting/sleeping upon a Baetylus stone (another word for Omphalos).

The chain went through a wide opening at the convex, of this globe. Is that another metaphor for an omphalos rift?

Lucifer got there by more ingenious method by building a ‘fixed’ and ‘unmoved’ bridge from hell!

I would presume then that Raxxla leads to heavens gate, as it is this image which appears repeatedly in Brookes book cover and shield design!

It’s evident this story is actually rather expansive, right now I think the end goal might be rather metaphysical, at a minimum Guardian related but what if Raxxla is bigger, and not actually a planet, but rather a sector of stars?

The Yggdrasil system is peculiar because it’s top does correlate with Miltonian measurements and there are a few Rune named systems up there that are rather mysterious! I don’t know but I’m beginning to think Raxxla is a very big concept, not a smaller planet or star!

My initial thinking is the upper half of Yggdrasil represents the heavens, and it’s lower half its underworld, that it’s axis is the golden chain and Raxxla is either in the underworld / Lost Realms area, or above it somewhere between Artemis and Persephone; or it’s far below Axis Mundi or something else is there to direct us, like princess Astrophel…. Or it’s something conceptual…

At the bottom of Yggdrasil there is a Rune system meaning ‘Horse’ which is associated with ‘travel’ and ‘Odin’, I wonder if the path is more about knowledge. But I’m beginning to suspect if ‘Raxxla’ is a concept rather than a definitive place?

Who knows…
Last edited: Aug 15, 2023
Reactions:
Han_Zen and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian