Rochester
Apr 9, 2024
#33,835
Merlin StWahgwaan said:
They also posted today abit more information on this today....

Update 18.02 Release Notes - Elite Dangerous
Greetings Commanders! We will be releasing a new update on Wednesday 10th April for the live/4.0 version of Elite Dangerous. This update will includ...
www.elitedangerous.com

Still unsure how this drive will work/be used, but interesting to say the least...
Click to expand...
Yeah I can’t see the advantage if it’s just a buff to something relatively small, eg makes your boot time faster / lower or just makes you go a little faster; I’m not into engineering nor shooting goids… so if it’s the later it will potentially be rather dull… but considering the Spiralling Stars Stargoids initial unique trait of being able to Supercruise really really fast, the potential cool benefits are for exploration. Could it enable us to go incredibly fast and supercruise between stars?

The only thing that stops us doing this currently is instancing, technically we can traverse these distances but there is nothing there at the destination, as warping is, like the transitional period for atmospheric insertion; a loading period. The only reason FD can’t apply this hypothetically is technical.

There was some talk that certain Cmdrs were tipped off about the Stargoids, and supposedly witnessed them performing interstellar navigation at these hypothetical high speeds before they were visually apparent? Not sure how accurate / reliable these were…

Overcharging could essentially work like supercruise in a system, but at a galactic scale.

This was technically what FD wanted us to do pre-launch, the first trailer shows this and it was discussed at the time, whereby Cmdrs ought to have seen stars move relatively, but like other aspects not fleshed out due to development priorities. Or so is my recollection.

Remember ships previously had a set speed limit which was due to server limitations, once FD fixed that they introduced a narrative explanation and gave us Engineers.

Lore wise this ‘might’ open a Pandora’s box in regards to the obvious monopoly that currently exists in game on exploration and therefore information not just freedom of movement.

Remember there exists various systems in game we can’t access due to a catalogue error, potentially these could be utilised, or likewise permit locked regions, which are only restricted because we have hardware hard-coded by the manufacturer to restrict our movements lore wise due to ‘safety’.

Of course a permit locked designates a narrative footnote, but we may presume certain elements of early narrative were dropped, how many of the sectors are irrelevant?

Is this the macguffin or deus ex machina which ultimately helps us find Raxxla?

Or another logical possibility is Stargoid hunting…

These stargoids are finite at present, the fireworks and evidently the investment behind them expires as soon as they are all destroyed. So logically more ought to be on their way; introducing a special new ‘spear-head’ vessel which probably could intercept and pull them out of super-super-cruise!?

I smell a narrative gate opening, or is this just another bug-hunt?

Lowest common denominator would be that it just makes you go really-really fast..
Last edited: Apr 10, 2024
Reactions:
Han_Zen