Dylan D
Apr 8, 2024
#33,824
- A CMDR's Perspective On This Mystery, Among Others in Elite Dangerous -
-> The work being done in this forum is deeply appreciated. My criticism falls on Humanity as a whole, not on anyone in particular here. <-
I dream of conflict. I dream of war and bloodshed, but not by my own hand. I seek absolute peace in contrast to these visions.
The death of Humanity is imminent. I see it everyday. Flashing images across the fading gaze of my Heart and Soul.

I see the very visions which drove the Far God Cult to madness. I am not alone in this, nor special. None of us are. We must understand that we are not special. Ego Death.
These visions are not of myth, but of sound physicality. Jasmina Halsey has seen them, too. She has seen what is to come, but not how it was created. These visions have driven me to abandon my post in search of something more.

Revitalization at the expense of Humanity. We are the puppets, the pawns to build a new Empire. Not of Imperial, Federal or Alliance faith.

But that of a new design, or old, depending on your origin date. Expendable Cuts for the Meat Grinder.
Urgency lies before the path of our Children. Will they act, or turn a blind eye as we have done before?

Ten Years. What have we learned?
What have we done? These are the hard questions.
How can this stagnation be resolved?
Is there an updated player-led, easily accessible catalog of "Unresolved Mysteries" in Elite Dangerous?
Should there be one?

The punishment of Man spun by causality, yet a punishment long destined. Our species has failed the Test, but those who walk in silence have not. The method in which we lead our lives determines our position in Heaven. We walk in silence out of fear. The Elite walk amongst us. We sit among a tattered Pyramid, our position determined by worthiness to the cause. We unknowingly work for the hidden forces which many of us wish to extinguish. Your Days Are Numbered.

Those most faithful will be individually plucked from the catacombs of Man upon the awakening of the Far God.
We have not seen her, yet. To predict her intentions would be to put words in the mouth of God.

Laus videnti Visionis Gan Romero
Click to expand...
Last edited: Apr 8, 2024