Vetinari
V
Feb 24, 2021
#21,400
Jorki Rasalas said:
Rochester raised a bug report on these different spellings & the response indicated that all spellings were correct so there must be a reason.
Can we have the original if possible just to see exactly what they said and how they said it. @Rochester

Im still working on the assumption its for a Find & Replace ability later on when they decided what faction was going to be there. Few exceptions:

The Starter Area - fits in with lore for a new starter that they are in a PF zone
Shin Des - fits in with lore as the HQ of the elite

"Davanix got one after combat in the recent Jupiter Rochester HIP 54530 CG"

Im sure I saw something about this from Frontier that this was erroneously happening....but that when handed in they were corrected so it was just a text issue, like the bounties not showing properly but paying properly

Jorki Rasalas said:
I still don’t understand how anyone has found out that TDW exist in Overlook megaship and that got inserted into Inara
Inara is player submitted and edited. I think it was found by triangulation, or it moved and they used that data somehow.

A lot of this stuff isnt recorded properly at the time, its a lot of opinions after the fact that then confuse everything.
Jorki Rasalas said:
whatever Raxxla is it should not be the “gateway to another galaxy” as mentioned in the old novella!
And as it says in the Codex that theory has been discredited for some time, still popular on here though....just another backstory we never get to see, just the end result. Codex is full of that and its fine if its new lore like Guardians, but for old lore theres no stepping stones from then to now....if you know the old lore. Epic players might have the advantage here

Release the Raxxla documents, all the 'early accounts agree however', give us access to those 'early' accounts even if they are 7 completely contradictory fluff opinion pieces by complete dunces who dont have a clue and just heard it from someone in the pub! Even if none of them are true! I still want to read them for myself A GalNet special on the history of the mystery of Raxxla. No new clues, no new info, just fill in some gaps in the lore from then to now.
Reactions:
Rochester and Jorki Rasalas