BluWolve
Dec 4, 2019
#13,734
FullM3talX said:
im also curious about the thing BlueWolve brought up a few pages ago in this thread, about the apparently hidden reputation bar with the faction PilotsFederation that you can separetely rank up by doing rescue missions or killing thargoids. technically, the letter we got from the manuel giving us our loaned sidewinder is from the pilots federation, asking us to impress him to know more. so the most natural thing to do was to think of gaining rank with the pilots federation to "impress" him. but people have been triple elite for ages, without receiving any more clues about that particular message.

i never knew that there existed another hidden rank(reputation) other than the normal combat/explo/trade ones. that is, if we assume that the pilots federation and PilotsFederation are the same faction/entity. has anyone been allied with that hidden faction (PilotsFederation)? apparently it's the only reputation you can gain, that you cant check progress on anywhere else other than those messages you get from rescue/thargoid missions. it should be investigated. im trying to get myself fitted with guardian stuff so i can start farming those bugs and see where it leads me. too bad we dont have any damaged stations currently... farming rescue missions would have been easier.
Click to expand...
I managed to get up to Friendly with them today actually.

It gets a bit complicated though.

I believe the ‘goid killing combat bonds increases reputation with Pilots Federation, which is kind of like a superpower I guess.

Then there are minor factions that have Pilots Federation listed under allegiance, like others may have Federation/Empire/Alliance.

The Pilots’ Federation Local Branch is the minor faction that operates out of Shin Dez. You also have the Pilots’ Federation Administration in the new player systems. Also CQC Holdings minor faction. There may be more I am missing.

Increasing reputation with these minor factions may also increase the hidden Pilots Federation rep as well? Surely there have been those that have had this rep at max, but maybe having this rep at max unlocks access or an opportunity or something that has been missed?
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum and FullM3talX