Jorki Rasalas
Oct 21, 2018
#4,018
Noobilite said:
I think that is one of those 3d hexagon stations with a really strained eyeball from looking really far into the distance. That thing hasn't blinked in millennia and it's eye is really dry. That or it's looking into a sun constantly. Hard to tell. We need to send an Optometrist to go check it out.

Noobilite said:
If it's a station isn't that how those weird 3d hexagon stations look? Maybe it's a station.


It's not a hexagon, but if you look at it from angles it is a hexagon. A key that isn't a key. If key is a clue. It's a clue that is not really the thing it is. Maybe one of these station is looking at raxxla. And one clue or potential hint was flying a certain direction to get into it. Maybe there is a station that you have to do this to avoid NPC's or gravity wells. Maybe it's the station itself. Can you look up all stations with this design? I wonder how many there are.

Basically, no matter which way you look at this 4 sided station side it will end up with 6 sides... Looks like a purposeful geometric illusion to me. Very odd and coincidental design!

BTW, if you look at those partial circles split up around the opening. There are 24 sections if you split it in two going towards the center. 2x12. If you add the splits from the 4 corners cutting 4 of them in half that is +8 for 32... Very close to the 33 in the picture. And in the same spot around the eye/opening.


BTW, some of the station pics of this type look different. Which station is this? It's the pic from the .

Jorki Rasalas said:
Yes, clearly a Coriolis station but has a Talmor Lens.
Solved!

Actually, an Ocellus station does look rather like an eyeball (e.g. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=gnjLwU0GAP8, pause at 6 seconds), & has lots of lights/ dots around the entry port. An eyeball would be in keeping with the Talmor Lens and the true origins of Raxxla, AND it would be capable of travel through Witchspace so could be interpreted as a wandering celestial body..........

Place that is not a Place (as in ... it’s not fixed in ..) , Door (entry port) that is also the Key?

Tinfoiling reserves exceeded, must brew more coffee.....and munch some biscuits for mental strength...