Rochester
Oct 22, 2021
#24,586
Comandante said:
I'll be honest it broke my heart watching that video. I'd had seen it back in the day but forgot about it.

It took me back to those magical days when backing players had the opportunity to be involved in the development of the game, which is what made me sad watching the video again. We're very much outside of the game now and get handed to us on a plate whatever they decide to deliver. The only time we have input is when we all yell out that something is really rubbish (like the exobiology mini-game that didn't go down well).

TBH that video was back in 2014 and I feel in my heart that DB had good intentions when he commented on various things you outlined above. Time moved on, the DDF was severed and they needed new blood to feed the game - not people who were only capable of funding through the store via ship kits & skins, outfits and laser/engine colours etc. I think the severance with the original player base hasn't been good - for example, 2/3rds of players I have in my friends list haven't logged on since before EDO, and that says a lot to me.


The whole Raxxla/TDW thing could do with some love WRT your comment about 7 years of game play. It had such a great mystery and air about it in the early days, yet with nobody (publicly) having had any sightings, it's starting to become really, really unfunny. Massively frustrating is a better description, expletives removed because of forum rules of course. I've watched this thread slowly grind to a halt at times because, AFAIK, we've nearly run out of ideas with the number of things players have tried. Yet, still no beans. Nothing. Nada. A void.

They don't (and won't) give us any clues - but just being frank and saying (for example), "To find Raxxla or get an invite to TDW you need to be triple/quadruple Elite even if you're a founder" would at least be an out-of-game clue that would re-inspire the hunt for me. I'm a Founder with 1x Elite, which would actually make me get the other two if they said that - and hence, play the game more (probably).

I think you can get Elite missions even if you're not Elite being a Founder, plus access to Shinrarta Dezhra; that's it. I backed the game to get DDF, 'god-like powers' (out of game in decisions, IIRC) and to be a Founder. I thought it would mean so much more that what it does and what they gave us (and then took it away).

As such I don't feel like a Founder of the Elite any more. More like a Flounder.

I've got some notes scribbled down that I am still occasionally researching that I want to share - it's mainly about looking more in-game for clues. However, my steam for finding anything hidden in this game - even outside of the remit of Raxxla/TDW, is at it's lowest ebb ever. I'm running out of steam. Still love this game and EDO has brought me back to the game, and I look forward to new content in the years to come.
Click to expand...
Don’t be dejected Cmdr,

Why not share you ramblings and maybe it’ll be that 1 element that enlightens us all; perspective can be altered and maybe it might give some others that incentive to dive back into the void?

This thread is probably, by far the best thing about Elite for myself because it encapsulates the shear spirit of exploration.

My practical scientific side assumes a great deal and is somewhat dejected itself, knowing within all reasonable doubt Raxxla probably isn’t actionable.

Where as my creative side is encouraged by any tangible sliver, any reference which will give me that insensitive to pick out just 1 star to billions and set out again.
Reactions:
Crimson Echo, Macros Black and simulacrae