Comandante
Oct 22, 2021
#24,583
Jorki Rasalas said:
Mmm, I think you made a tactical error, since any question related to Raxxla is ignored; I suspect this is a DB-mandated company policy! The first rule of Raxxla is you don’t talk about Raxxla! I think you might have stood a better chance of getting an answer related solely to TDW.

Remember the DB Youtube video ( “ED has a story that "embraces all the players"
m.youtube.com/watch?v=gDh9G1gDgMU) where he talked about an invitation to join a secret organisation as being an event that happens at a certain point in a player’s progression/journey through the game.

At 8 mins 20 he said ED does have a story, but it’s not a single-player threaded “rescue the princess” style story, it’s a story of your progression through the game, we will have things that happen to you at certain stages through the game, you’ll get invited to join things. If you get invited to join a secret organisation that’s a thing that can happen to lots of players, if you don’t get that invitation you’ll think to yourself why? I did kill that policeman the other day, maybe I need to get my reputation higher”....
Click to expand...
I'll be honest it broke my heart watching that video. I'd had seen it back in the day but forgot about it.

It took me back to those magical days when backing players had the opportunity to be involved in the development of the game, which is what made me sad watching the video again. We're very much outside of the game now and get handed to us on a plate whatever they decide to deliver. The only time we have input is when we all yell out that something is really rubbish (like the exobiology mini-game that didn't go down well).

TBH that video was back in 2014 and I feel in my heart that DB had good intentions when he commented on various things you outlined above. Time moved on, the DDF was severed and they needed new blood to feed the game - not people who were only capable of funding through the store via ship kits & skins, outfits and laser/engine colours etc. I think the severance with the original player base hasn't been good - for example, 2/3rds of players I have in my friends list haven't logged on since before EDO, and that says a lot to me.
Jorki Rasalas said:
Now, to my knowledge, after 7 years of gameplay we have had not a single player claim to have achieved membership of any such secret society (I am not counting the EPF, which I think we get at Elite status and certainly doesnt involve any notoriety value). So I want to know
IS THERE REALLY SUCH A SECRET SOCIETY IN-GAME?
IS THAT SECRET SOCIETY TDW?
IS THE MEMBERSHIP TEST/INVITATION REGULARLY TESTED BECAUSE IT DOESN'T SEEM TO BE WORKING!

The whole Raxxla/TDW thing could do with some love WRT your comment about 7 years of game play. It had such a great mystery and air about it in the early days, yet with nobody (publicly) having had any sightings, it's starting to become really, really unfunny. Massively frustrating is a better description, expletives removed because of forum rules of course. I've watched this thread slowly grind to a halt at times because, AFAIK, we've nearly run out of ideas with the number of things players have tried. Yet, still no beans. Nothing. Nada. A void.

They don't (and won't) give us any clues - but just being frank and saying (for example), "To find Raxxla or get an invite to TDW you need to be triple/quadruple Elite even if you're a founder" would at least be an out-of-game clue that would re-inspire the hunt for me. I'm a Founder with 1x Elite, which would actually make me get the other two if they said that - and hence, play the game more (probably).

I think you can get Elite missions even if you're not Elite being a Founder, plus access to Shinrarta Dezhra; that's it. I backed the game to get DDF, 'god-like powers' (out of game in decisions, IIRC) and to be a Founder. I thought it would mean so much more that what it does and what they gave us (and then took it away).

As such I don't feel like a Founder of the Elite any more. More like a Flounder.

I've got some notes scribbled down that I am still occasionally researching that I want to share - it's mainly about looking more in-game for clues. However, my steam for finding anything hidden in this game - even outside of the remit of Raxxla/TDW, is at it's lowest ebb ever. I'm running out of steam. Still love this game and EDO has brought me back to the game, and I look forward to new content in the years to come.
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas, Rochester and simulacrae