Rochester
Oct 24, 2021
#24,597
*edited:

There’s something to the winking cat, but I can’t discern anything to date not without applying some real focus; the locations don’t seem to correlate unless it’s an obvious triangulation, I’m hazarding a guess it’s some form of word play or cipher.

The mixture of real world art and fictional is perplexing; because there are only 2 works which are real, all others are fictional.

There is a correlation relating to the 2 real works of art, whether or not this is a clue can’t be concluded.

Portrait of 2 circles could be attributed to ‘an example of excellence’ or skills, eg the artists ability to draw a circle freehand, which goes back to the artists Giorgio and Apelles.

The Picasso work Guernica however is not directly linked, but Picasso did hold Rembrandt in very high esteem and many compare it to Rembrandts ‘Night Watch’. Otherwise it has little connection, so it may mean something else.

Guerinca is an anti-war work; inspired by news articles the painter saw…there is much symbolic meaning to the painting however Picasso never directly attributed anything to it nor did he explain such assumptions; so any ‘meaning’ behind the painting is either irrelevant or arbitrary.

Redirect Notice

None of the dates seem to have any temporal pattern, or at least there is not evidence to confirm so at present.

Overall in comparison there are a number of intelligence gaps, which could push our focus towards the consistencies; in that in every case FD gives the names of witnesses or nominals involved in the investigation, including 1 from a so called secret organisation, and many have origin meanings…

Then there is another assumption that the Rembrandt reference alluded to the rota aristotelis.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aristotle's_wheel_paradox

In regards to hexagons Galileo uses Aristotles wheel problem, to argue for a certain kind of atomism. He begins his analysis by considering a pair of concentric hexagons, as opposed to circles….and notices that the inner hexagon "jumps"… Looks familiar. Maybe Raxxla moves or is only visible at certain times at 1 location?

Something similar in line with what @CMDR Zulu proposed much earlier.

Aristotle's wheel paradox - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

Cats do wink by the way, it’s a sign of contentment and trust. It’s slow blinking really… otherwise is it a direction for our attention…

Source: https://youtu.be/PLRZ0dIvwHY
Last edited: Mar 23, 2022
Reactions:
Han_Zen, Jorki Rasalas and simulacrae