Jorki Rasalas
Dec 20, 2020
#20,142
Han_Zen said:
Raxxla could well be uaccessable. I have this memory of MB or DB saying: ‘we know how to get there’, but I can’t find that interview.
Knowing how to get there could mean knowing you have to wait ten years, so it really doesn’t matter.

No one from FD has claimed that the DW station has been in the game from the start. It probably wasn’t and may still not be.

Except the original Start screen showed an Orbis station apparently orbiting an icy moon as seen from an srv on an adjacent moon (though the perspective was distorted). Hence I’ve often checked out twin moons, just in case. That could have been marketing, or it could have been a clue. I still have that pic available on my secondary screen to check. Wish I was good at star pattern matching!
(edit: interestingly, just started the game and that pic of the Orbis station flashed up for a fraction of a second...MMM!!)

I suspect Raxxla is discoverable. It might be in a locked system, but I think TDW storyline would lead to the permit, else why have them so obviously highlighted in the Codex and books but hide the access mission(s). I also lean (say 70% confidence) towards believing the unsubstantiated MB rumour about the system having been entered but Raxxla not detected early on in the game; it just sounds right somehow.

I keep musing over how the alien Mars Artefact got to Sol. Could Raxxla be an arkship in Sol? That would fit with the way MB gave out hints that were carefully worded to obfuscate & provide little real help-many pilots have entered Sol! IFF Raxxla is a Guardian ship then it might be hidden in the main asteroid belt (near Mars) of Sol (between Mars & Jupiter). It would explain why the PF is so fond of the triangular/hexagonal motif- PF might be the Guardian AI which the technocrats took with them when they were expelled from the Guardian Homeworld.

We’ve seen how it is difficult to find that belt. There is also the fact that at the beginning Sol was implemented with the belt showing on sensors as being within the Sun-I couldn’t believe it at first and reported it as a bug when I first got the Sol permit. It didn’t make sense then for such an important hand-crafted system to have such a big mistake, it still doesn’t; as humanity’s home system it should have been checked thoroughly so was that mistake an intentional clue?

I also have a vague recollection of someone saying it might help if several pilots collaborate to find something. Was this DB wrt Raxxla? Or DW wrt Zurara?

Did anyone check out the Talmor Lens hypothesis recently posted?
Or the Alioth Golden Gate/sysmap key hypothesis?

Sat eating a warm mince pie with coffee, then will finish putting up the Xmas tree and decorations. It’s a bit early (the 12 days of Xmas runs Xmas Eve through to Epiphany, 6th January) but I need cheering up. Sod you Boris!!!
Tier 4?? I am going to deliver my kids’ and grandkids’ Xmas presents!! even if it means having to leave them on their doorstep and wave at them from inside the car!

I’ve just put a 1.5Kg beef sirloin in the freezer for Boxing Day that is now pointless
Well, I suppose it will keep until we’ve had the jab, possibly Xmas 2021!

Edit: according to BBC News “was first detected in September. In November around a quarter of cases in London were the new variant” but they waited until the start of Xmas week (after I’d spent quite a lot on food expecting family visits on two days) until telling everybody and totally locking everything down.
Last edited: Dec 21, 2020
Reactions:
Exekrator and Fiera