Rochester
Aug 19, 2023
#31,295
You can’t just wander over the Acheron, you have to give Kharon payment, if you can’t pay there’s a hundred year waiting line… where have I seen that before?

…………………………………………

But seriously… hypothetically, the position of the Adamastor I feel might have previously related to the same physical location as Tritons depiction in Brookes book cover, in relation to Yggdrasil and the Underworld… and the crossing of the river.

When mapping the ‘Lost Realms’ in this area there are a few key systems, with direct mythology links, which are far removed, if you follow their line of sight they do seem to hint towards that area…



I suspect there originally was some storyline linked to the Adamastor (which might still be in game) that may have directed us towards the underworld (pre Codex)… maybe things just got moved around or retconned… I suspect the original direction of the larger narrative would have helped us on our journey to the underworld…

But I suspect it’s not the ultimate destination…

…………………………………………

Either way, the underworld sector (which I now classify as a Lost Realm) is actually far denser than I first imagined, as are many of the Lost Realms within it. My initial search only took into account system names, but there are numerous body names directly linked as well which I haven’t yet accounted for.

CD-65 76 for instance has only 1 body - Sheol; ‘a subterranean underworld where the souls of the dead went after the body died’. This is a Hewbrew myth not Greek. Sheol was also the focus of one of Michael Brookes drabbles (RIP).

‘When the Hebrew scriptures were translated into Greek in ancient Alexandria around 200 BCE, the word “Hades” was substituted for Sheol, owing to its similarities.’ Wiki.

Irrespective of the Adamastor, I do believe the Lost Realms/Underworld area, are referred in the DW missions, as being ‘Obfuscated’, this jumble of various underworlds, cities of gold, lands of youth etc are a literal lift from Holdstocks book ‘Lost Realms’ which he attended to a shared relationship of a lost Eden, and these in game are the aforementioned obfuscation…

The outer rim as I’ve hypothesised previously; I believe is a Miltonian inversion of the Celestial Sphere/s, denoted by the distance of the heavens (depicted in game by the Greek and older gods) and the underworld (depicted in game by the Greek underworld / Older gods) - which I believe correlates with the 2296 reference in the Codex as a sphere of influence.



Very peculiarly there are certain older gods far below this area, but only in a certain area, denoting the need for additional scrutiny.

It’s evident to my impression at least, then that Brookes and or Stroud, or others from FD read Holdstocks book and replicated / utilised it as a homage in game because Holdstock aligns these lands with Eden and the mythic Yggdrasil. Brookes being a Miltonian I could imagine, saw the correlation and attributed it to Paradise Losts Eden.

Raxxla is Eden, obfuscated on the outer rim.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10198372
Last edited: Aug 21, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae