Suhurrat
S
Aug 17, 2023
#31,284
Jorki Rasalas said:
Dan Brown’s already written about it & there could be a film!
(Depending upon which particular conspiracy....)

The whole joke is that, last year I predicted by chance, the events that are unfolding now.

Here:
The Quest To Find Raxxla
My goodness. I bite ... Nope, bot's are still just things they have been trained to do. Same language & answers coming through for the same things. Still nice though. Fun! oh dear, it's trolling me with long answers ...
forums.frontier.co.uk

and here:

The Quest To Find Raxxla
My goodness. I bite ... Nope, bot's are still just things they have been trained to do. Same language & answers coming through for the same things. Still nice though. Fun! oh dear, it's trolling me with long answers ...
forums.frontier.co.uk

And I'm still sure that the whole theme of raxxla is spinning and has always revolved around targoids and guardians.

If we add the Tornquist diaries here and my observations on blackholes and remote sectors. Then again we will run into the fact that the worlds from where the targoids come are hidden from the players under permits.

We add to this cauldron the fact that a huge number of guardian buildings have not been investigated (I mean the sectors where they are located) and the purpose of many buildings is not yet known.

We get a hellish cocktail from the war between targoids and guardians - as well as a direct connection with raxxla.


I'll be direct , I've been playing elite since the 90s. And in Dangerous from the release. We already know that there was no raxxla in the original games. But we know that it supposedly "exists" in the current game.A lot of events are transferred from all the old games and mixed in the current elite.

Something is retconned, something is not. But the fact remains. If you want to find raxxla, dig into the history of corporations and their connections with targoids and guardians.

An important point: As players, we know almost nothing about the war between the targoids and the guardians, except for the fact that it was.

Although I have been in the elite rank for a long time, and to be honest, I'm tired of stupidly looking for a mythical planet, and I just monitor the forum periodically returning to the game and flying to check my theories.

And so far, all my discoveries come down to the fact that new questions are emerging. When the Thargoid ships came from various sectors to the bubble, I tracked the path and flew around for a long time in search of something. What did I find? Nothing but emptiness. The only sector that remains a mystery to me is the horse's head. Not because he's under a permit. But because a huge number of lore and events somehow revolve around this sector. Yes, we know that there may allegedly be large Targoid burials, or bases, or something else. But until the developers allow it, we won't know.

I'm telling you all this for what - in my personal understanding, until we reveal all the secrets of the guardians and the targoids, we will not find raxxla.

And my confidence in this is growing every year, because I see where the events of the game are directed by the developers themselves. And I can already calculate their actions so much that I predict future updates. The accuracy of which is 80%. And that's a lot.

Therefore, as I said before. Do you want to find raxxla? Dig towards the Targoids and guardians.

But do not forget - until the developers themselves allow us to find a clue, we will constantly wander in the dark)
Reactions:
Shadowsnog, simulacrae and Han_Zen