Jorki Rasalas
Aug 1, 2021
#24,084
Ah yes, Alex. I thought that meant he’d get there, he was going to be elite eventually, he’d proven he had the right stuff....he’d got his revenge over Jason’s murder, but it doesnt mean he was a member of TDW yet (if only Holdstock had given us a hint about the membership test!).

So, completed Apollo XV expedition, visited Hawking’s Gap surface sites and beacons, & now parked at Jameson Memorial in SD. got two abandoned site data packages, which I’ll sell to TDW at Neuman Camp, but also got intel packages for Feds, Imps and Alliance. Any suggestions as to where to sell those based on Reclamation & Premonition in order to stand a chance of triggering some storyline event? It’s been a while since I read them & cant remember the details (my memory-it’s an age thing! ). Did wonder if they might be Club-related versus the data packages which I think are TDW-related.

And today it’s YORKSHIRE DAY!!!
Yorkshire Day - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

Don't forget to have strawberry jam on your Yorkshire puddings (for desert), and wash them down with Barnsley Bitter! And obviously Wensleydale for the cheese course!


Edit: Ive just remembered - couple of years ago when I visited the FRift sites I encountered a bug, & it wasn't Thargoid. Got the notification of a data package in my srv hud but when I looked in transactions tab it hadnt “loaded”, so nothing listed. Complained but FD support said they w/couldn’t do anything about it. Wondering if that’s why I havent received the TDW invitation.....hopefully the data packages are not material and it’s only necessary to have heard the beacons &/or read the logs & have them listed in your codex. Must check if the beacons are listed there...

Edit2: data package rewards arent stored in the codex so think they're likely immaterial on the “personal journey”. Abandoned settlement logs (just checked & I’m missing one from somewhere near the bubble, got 2, 3 &4 but not the first, odd), Thargoid-related entries, Generation Ship logs and Tourist Beacons.

Edit 3: and I’ve gone through my codex Tourist Beacons. There used to be a Pilot’s Federaion Secrecy and a Pilots’ Federation secrecy, numbers 247 & 251 if memory serves, now they are both entitled Pilots’ Federation Secrecy; interesting!!!
Last edited: Aug 1, 2021
Reactions:
simulacrae