Hanerib
Aug 25, 2020
#18,527
I've been reading a bit Pausanias lately

simulacrae said:
Ya looks like a scanning technique... but with hardpoints not deployed ? (Square vs triangle)



Or a triangluation between two known points...
What if A is Merope B is Col 70 Sector FY-N c21-3
to find the
Click to expand...


"Asclepius, born to bestow great joy upon mortals,
Pledge of the mutual love I enjoyed with Phlegyas' daughter,
Lovely Coronis, who bare thee in rugged land Epidaurus."

"Again, when Archias, son of Aristaechmus, was healed in Epidauria after spraining himself while hunting about Pindasus, he brought the cult to Pergamus "

"..The sacred grove of Asclepius is surrounded on all sides by boundary marks. No death or birth takes place within the enclosure the same custom prevails also in the island of Delos. All the offerings, whether the offerer be one of the Epidaurians themselves or a stranger, are entirely consumed within the bounds."

"Near has been built a circular building of white marble, called Tholos which is worth seeing. In it is a picture by Pausias representing Love, who has cast aside his bow and arrows, and is carrying instead of them a lyre that he has taken up. Here there is also another work of Pausias, Drunkenness drinking out of a crystal cup. You can see even in the painting a crystal cup and a woman's face through it. Within the enclosure stood slabs; in my time six remained, but of old there were more. On them are inscribed the names of both the men and the women who have been healed by Asclepius, the disease also from which each suffered, and the means of cure. The dialect is Doric."

"Apart from the others is an old slab, which declares that Hippolytus dedicated twenty horses to the god..."


Emperor said:
"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!"

I noticed a few people posted quite a few hundred pages back about Corona Borealis as a potential place because of the crown bit of the story, however there was no apparent link to "the mother of galaxies!" bit. The "Gemma" = "Jewel" for Alphekka/Alphecca fits, as would the brow with a crown.... The inescapable labyrinth is far too close to this mystery


SPOILER: FOR THOSE WHO DON'T KNOW THE STORY...


In terms of the constellation...
The constellation of Corona Borealis itself is small but recognizable, with only four stars brighter than magnitude 3.00. It was first catalogued by the Greek astronomer Ptolemy in the 2nd century. Its brightest star is officially called Alphecca from the Arabic name for the constellation, although it is also known as Gemma, the Latin for ‘jewel’. Alpha Coronae Borealis is the brightest of the seven stars that make up Ariadne’s crown. It is an eclipsing binary star classified as an EA variable, with a period of 17.36 days. The star has an apparent magnitude that varies between 2.21 and 2.32. It is approximately 75 light years distant.


But there's still no "mother of galaxies" I hear you say, well not literally however there are quite a few galaxies in Corona Borealis...

"Abell 2065 is a highly concentrated galaxy cluster in the constellation of Corona Borealis containing over 400 member galaxies. The cluster is more than one billion light-years from Earth.On a larger scale still, Abell 2065, along with Abell 2061, Abell 2067, Abell 2079, Abell 2089, and Abell 2092, make up the Corona Borealis Supercluster."

And if not Alphecca (or Alphekka in game) for the jewel that burns on the brow, then Arcturus is quite close and really bright...



just a thought....
Click to expand...


"On the southern slope of the mountain once stood Sumetia. On this mountain is what is called the Meeting of the Three Ways, whence the Mantineans fetched the bones of Arcas, the son of Callisto, at the bidding of the Delphic oracle. There are still left ruins of Maenalus itself: traces of a temple of Athena, one race-course for athletes and one for horses. Mount Maenalus is held to be especially sacred to Pan, so that those who dwell around it say that they can actually hear him playing on his pipes."

"The actual images of the goddesses, Mistress and Demeter, the throne on which they sit, along with the footstool under their feet, are all made out of one piece of stone. No part of the drapery, and no part of the carvings about the throne, is fastened to another stone by iron or cement, but the whole is from one block. This stone was not brought in by them, but they say that in obedience to a dream they dug up the earth within the enclosure and so found it. The size of both images just about corresponds to the image of the Mother at Athens."

"These too are works of Damophon. Demeter carries a torch in her right hand; her other hand she has laid upon the Mistress. The Mistress has on her knees a staff and what is called the box, which she holds in her right hand. On both sides of the throne are images. By the side of Demeter stands Artemis wrapped in the skin of a deer, and carrying a quiver on her shoulders, while in one hand she holds a torch, in the other two serpents.."
Reactions:
simulacrae, Rochester, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person