Rochester
Aug 25, 2020
#18,534
Han_Zen said:
Life is emerging in the lab, with a little help from the dinosaur.

Raxxla is still up the stairs and behind the gate, as in MB's tattoo.
SPOILER

Im partially curious about this tattoo as well, is it a road map....I do think it's relevant, how, that has yet to be resolved.

And I know others have had a stab at this...

MB commissioned this image, for his back tattoo and book cover, from the artist Luciana Nedelea circa 2013.
MB promoted her work on his blog extensively, on his 'Old Ones Productions' store. Stating it illustrated "a book of the same name I'm working on. As I'm sure you can see it's Milton and Lovecraft mashup" circa 2015.

'John Milton meets H P Lovecrasft in an epic tale of cosmological horror'
The Space Inbetween Preview
A blog about my explorations in writing and art - with the occasional side order of fries and philosophy.
thecultofme.blogspot.com

The artists Facebook page gives a date of 2013 for the art and describes it as a commission for a tattoo and a book cover.

I've not really delved into this particular soup as any 'art' is interpretational.

There are many elements in the picture which can be interpreted one way or the other, one figure at the bottom which currently catches my attention might depict 'Phineus' who was tormented by the Harpies.

Phineus was blind (eyes to see).

John Milton author of Paradise Lost (MB favourite story) like Philip Sidney (a contemporary) wrote about Arcadia as well, Arcades.

Masque - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

If you dont recall my ramblings about Arcadia, look no further:

The Quest To Find Raxxla
Will answer to meself at https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8288524 Just came XTE J1748-288, it is 163.xx sols masses ... still no heat until u hit excl zone. This is biggest one I met except Sag A* Also there is cool bug ... once u engage from ...u have...
forums.frontier.co.uk

Now I've never given Milton much thought but Milton was blind. In his writings Milton relates to blindness and prophecy especially the character within Greek mythology, Phineus.

He was a king of Salmydessus in Thrace and seer who appears in accounts of the Argonauts' voyage. Some accounts make him a king in Paphlagonia or in Arcadia.

Phineus - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

Mmm.
Last edited: Oct 9, 2022
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, Fiera, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 2 others