Rochester
Sep 4, 2023
#31,484
Jorki Rasalas said:
OK, have tested out yesterday's other thought, which was to go back to Paradise Lost and reinterpret the Toast as Jewel-Earth/Moon, Whisperer/Sire of deepest void-Sirius/Lucifer and Parent's grief/lover's woe - Fall
because I spotted a system named Fall not far from Sol and the expulsion of Adam & Eve from Eden was a fall, god the father was aggrieved and Adam was a mite upset. Also "two angels find Lucifer, disguised as a toad, whispering into the ear of Eve as she sleeps", and he was the siren of the deepest.

Went to Sol/Earth, then Sirius/Lucifer then to Fall...

I've searched through Fall, dropped out at co-orbiting moons and rings, and checked the 3 asteroid clusters...nothing found, but again from the Journal file there are some unassigned bodyids that are likely "comet" bodies.


O7 good find. Considering the below findings, I now suspect ‘Fall’ is indeed an international link to Pandemonium.

Remember there were two falls. The fall of Lucifer and then the fall of man, note that the system of ‘Fall’ is actually relatively higher than Sol.

On its own probably not enough to establish a connection however what I find tantalising is when compared with the path of Persephone the path between Fall and Pandemonium aligns.

Utilising this trajectory, I wonder what else it might identify?

* Yggdrasil systems, with Demeter / Persephone in white; Fall / Pandemonium in red.


Now what I also find interesting is that in Paradise Lost, Lucifers initial fall direction isn’t really documented in detail, he just falls, but in the main text, where he travels, from Hell to the Spheres then the golden chain/stairs, he then travels downwards at oblique angle!

* Path of Persephone and the Fall, in relation to the Greek compass (green).


No we’ve been here before, and I do believe a true Miltonian model universe although a great concept, has not actually been intentionally replicated in game. This is simply because the ‘Lost Realms’ (aka Paradise’s) are in the wrong location if this were so.

Unless it’s inverted, ‘as above so below’ as RH referenced in Lost Realms, Milton advocated Hell was a perverse copy of heaven.

Rather I feel this is yet another aid used by FD to subtly direct our attention directionally towards the realms.
Last edited: Sep 5, 2023
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Jorki Rasalas