Rochester
Sep 5, 2023
#31,488
Han_Zen said:
A couple of more points regarding the flower Narcissus (Daffodil), as a marker of the entrance to the underworld.

- One section (group) of Narcissus are called Ganymedes. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Narcissus_species
Ganymede(s) was also a Greek youth with a similar, but opposite story of Persephone. Ganymede was kidnapped by Zeus and forcefully taken to the Olympos (heaven). There he acted as Zeus's cup-bearer. He is represented in the sky with the constellation Aquarius, next to Aquila the eagle that kidnapped him.
Ganymede does of course, like Persephone, have his own celestial body in Sol. As a moon of Jupiter (Zeus).

- The similarities between Daffodils and Onionhead are interesting. They are both flowering plants that grows from a bulb and produce seeds. The even have the same active ingredient, 'alkaloid compounds'. Alkaloids from Daffodils are used in several medicines. In Onionhead they are psychoactive.
Real Onionhead is only grown on Panem in Kappa Fornacis, but it's native to HIP 55118. Most likely HIP 55118 3, as it has most similar environment with Panem. Could possibly also be HIP 55118 4.
It is also worth noting that Jasmina Halsey was violently active in the fight against Onionhead, in her time as Federal President.

I don't know if any of this means anything, but it might be another small indicator of a three way gateway? At least it points to an unremarkable moon and to a possible source of cosmic enlightenment.
I do like this line of enquiry, I never truly understood the general prominence and importance of the onion-head storyline. In regards to a game’s developer wanting to promote narcotics/culture - which effectively and unnecessarily raises its PG rating, potentially excluding a certain customer demographic?

I wonder if this might have been some type of narrative arc, pushing us towards a certain objective, could the same be said of the trinkets?

What ‘function’ would a commodity perform, trading - missions / faction, or carrying - POIs? Thing is ultimately for such commodities to work, FD would have to give instructions, eg very obvious mission or some CG?

It’s one thing to know your potential carrying the correct item, but what are you supposed to do with them? Again far too wide, if applicable I feel it would need instructions.
Last edited: Sep 5, 2023
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, Jorki Rasalas and Han_Zen