SpaceGoblin
Mar 18, 2024
#33,610
It so happens I'm at Artemis Lodge Station in Celaeno, waiting on my exploration Sidey to be delivered, and it's a Garden Coriolis, so, here goes.

Rochester said:
For instance, are these red bushes ‘thorn bushes’, is the large green green an Oak or an Ash (Yggdrasil), are the long thin green trees Cedars!

I'm no botanist, but that tree looks more in profile like an Ash than an Oak, but more on that later.

The bushes could be thorn bushes - a quick google shows that Photinia's have a common enough red leafed variety, and Photinia are related to Rosaceae - roses, brambles and other thorny things. So, on the basis of such asuperficial search, could be. Maybe.

Rochester said:
Cedars (if they are - they might not be), were a very holy tree. In the garden I think they denote a marker, eg the Third circle is inside the second, the Second circle is inside the first.

Another quick googling shows there are a number of cedar varieties that look similar to ornamental conifers, so could be.

Rochester said:
Eg
First circle = Milton’s Universe, it shows the pendant globe just below the Empyrean, in game our Sol based on my model is at the centre of the zone of Chaos.
Second circle = Pendant Globe aka the system Raxxla is in, a visual clue to how many bodies there-in, I speculate the 10 lights are likely another reference to the spheres. But not for us to travel through, this is not Sol. It could be a system with either 5 bodies or 4 bodies.
Third circle = the body where Raxxla is/around/on.

I had similar thoughts about that sort of reading when @selbie posted their vertically rotated image earlier.

selbie said:
Wow, sometimes youtube recommendations are spookily accurate... ambient video of said station standing within the Milton Garden

Heh, yeah. And the opening of that video shows something I noted when taking some pictures in responce to @Rochester 's musing - the 'Garden Map' appears more than once inside that station, as it does in Artemis Lodge, and possibly in different locations within the stations (I'll have to look more closely later).

So now the pictures (spoiler tagged for future scrolling convenience, since they're big and there's several):

SPOILER: STATION IN SELBIE'S LINKED VIDEO - SHOWING DUPLICATE 'STATION GARDENS'.

SPOILER: GARDEN FROM THE SMALL CIRCLE USALLY SHOWN ON THE RIGHT SIDE. DUPLICATE GARDEN CIRCLED.

SPOILER: GARDEN, LOOKING AT THE 'RED BUSH TRAIL'. 'CEDAR' IN FOREGROUND.


SPOILER: GARDEN FROM BY OAK/ASH TREE - VIEWING ACROSS REST OF GARDEN.

In the last image, circled on the right, are leaves from the Oak/Ash tree - they look more like Oak leaves than Ash leaves. They suffer from a lack of real detail - indeed whilst the gardens look great from our ship cockpits, and hold up pretty well close in tbh, they do look like they where not really intended to be scrutinised this close up.

Hope that helps - sure helped me kill time - my ship just arrived

EDIT: To fix typos. So many typos.
Last edited: Mar 18, 2024
Reactions:
selbie, Jorki Rasalas, Han_Zen and 1 other person