Rochester
Mar 19, 2024
#33,620
Jorki Rasalas said:
Good job! wish I could give you more likes for that post!!!

The tall trees do look like cedars or maybe cypress. Photinia does have red (new) leaves but doesn't have thorns; those bushes look more like Pyracantha (firethorn) to me with red berries...

@SpaceGoblin : I've long urged the use in this thread of the scientific method; cross-checking of hypotheses and evidence, gathering evidence, questioning lines of reasoning, and testing of ideas are essential to improving our understanding. That's some useful evidence gathering! So, those "short straight paths" are actually benches!

@Rochester how far do we take theories? As far as necessary to be able to make predictions which can be tested. It's that testing which allows us to decide which are useful (theories) models and which are not that is the only way to better understanding. To paraphrase Indana Jones, "science Is the search for Fact ... not Truth. If it's Truth you're interested in, Dr. Tyree's philosophy class is right down the hall."

I noticed from 's third pic that there is use of height in the garden layout, which might be meaningful, the middle part seems be slightly sunken- I think we need a closer view of that specific garden design. Maybe in three pics to see the detail.
Click to expand...

Agreed, there has been some brilliant insight recently. Only sense checking myself to make sure I had sufficient tin-foil protection.

Everyone’s input recently has been highly insightful.

Last night I visited a nearby tourism system and the first thing that stood out was that garden design, it was rather a beautiful moment. I spent a good half hour just wandering around the station in free-cam mode, it was very lovely, I’d forgotten how beautiful and wonderfully designed these stations are, they’re a triumph.

I can confirm those are benches yes, and yes the central circle does seem to be sunken, giving the effect one would step down into that area, which considering the implied meaning makes perfect sense.

None of the other gardens struck me with the same level of familiarity, and yes all the gardens appeared at least twice in my instance, not one of them seemed to have prominence over the other.

I’m still docked there. I’ll try and test the instances to assess if the positions are fixed or procedural. But I hazard a guess towards the later.
Last edited: Mar 19, 2024
Reactions:
SpaceGoblin