SpaceGoblin
Mar 18, 2024
#33,603
Rochester said:
For instance, when I see the first circle I see this image. But I maybe wrong?

<Miltonian Cosmology Image snipped>

Ok, that's pretty striking! Looking around online, that correlates with other representations of Milton's Universe (apologies, I did say I was largely ignorant on such matters in an earlier post, so I went seeking corroboration!).

Knowing of MB's attachment to Milton's work, it's almost impossible not to regard the two designs as deliberately linked.

So I guess now comes figuring out if it's 'just' a little MB/Milton easter egg in it's own right, or an 'ahem, clue here, CMDR's!' signpost.

Jorki Rasalas said:
I've said it before, but I'm not totally sold on the Miltonian hypothesis. However I have to agree that it is clear that someone (most likely MB) put an awful lot of effort into the Codex and used comparable Miltonian mythology/cosmology in ED system naming/placement. Now that must have been done for a reason, it could be just using extant info for system naming, but the location matching does seem to go deeper...

Maybe if a system could be found that bears resemblance to the 'Garden Map' in the system view. One with a Miltonian link/name?

Jorki Rasalas said:
So, accepting this premise for the moment it is quite possible that the left part of the garden design in question is a hint to Miltonian concepts. The question that then arises is what does the rest of that garden design represent? I think that logically it should be a clue to specific location(s). However there are clearly other garden designs in the same and other stations-are those garden designs also clues?

And if that specific garden design is a clue then what is the solution? IIRC it is close to the statues, a striking visual item, so should we looking at the totality of those garden designs and statues etc taken together to derive meaning?

I was wondering about that when I stopped off at Trevithick Vision in the Ninabin System, both to pick up one last load of Silver to devalue the market for it in Eurybia yet further (but also to boost my wallet), and also take pictures of the different garden layouts there. I couldn't think of a satisfactory way to get an overview of all the gardens in their relative positions.

I then thought that maybe it might be a step too far to expect that all of the gardens have significance.

I think Rochester's prior post of Miton's Universe illustrated is a significant pointer to the garden layout that we've all been pondering these last couple of pages, but without similar reason to look at the other gardens, I think they might just be set dressing. As always, unless new info comes to light.

As to the Statue Garden, I thought that might be a representation of Orbis type stations - the inner circle being the bulbous docking bay/ball/cylinder, the middle ring a secondary hab ring as seen on some stations, the outer ring (with the water) the main ring, with the glass covered green-spaces.

The grey inner circle is the interior of the docking bay, the statues represent us hapless CMDR's, and the pillar between them represents that damnable structure at the far end of (too) many docking bays with the red lights on the end, that I invariably prang my ship on when lifting off from pads at that end of the bay! Eye of the beholder, of course

SPOILER: STATUE GARDEN

Jorki Rasalas said:
Ok breakfast coffee starting to work....
If the left third of that particular garden design is a representation of Milton's cosmology what are the short straight paths above and below both it and the inner circle & the main path to the middle third?

Similar to my thoughts on 'maybe the other gardens are just gardens', perhaps a park bench is just a park bench. I say this having let thoughts about what they might represent roll around in my own brain.

Jorki Rasalas said:
The thought has just occured that they're indicating equivalence. So the left third is Milton's cosmos and the middle+right are then indicating a specific system within "the pendant ball", the lights possibly suggesting the middle outer ring is the system star. Could be the system containing Raxxla?

Could be this, though.

Jorki Rasalas said:
Edit
I'm considering it as a star (either binary, or perhaps with a single asteroid belt) then 6 planets. The fifth being a double-ringed GG. Anyone fancy a body search (Spansh??) to see if it matches any system within the bubble?

Or this.

I've been trying to figure out how to get Spansh to search broadly for systems, rather than along a specific path. It's not gone well.

Applying more coffee.
Last edited: Mar 18, 2024
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas