Jorki Rasalas
Mar 19, 2024
#33,618
SpaceGoblin said:
It so happens I'm at Artemis Lodge Station in Celaeno, waiting on my exploration Sidey to be delivered, and it's a Garden Coriolis, so, here goes.



I'm no botanist, but that tree looks more in profile like an Ash than an Oak, but more on that later.

The bushes could be thorn bushes - a quick google shows that Photinia's have a common enough red leafed variety, and Photinia are related to Rosaceae - roses, brambles and other thorny things. So, on the basis of such asuperficial search, could be. Maybe.



Another quick googling shows there are a number of cedar varieties that look similar to ornamental conifers, so could be.



I had similar thoughts about that sort of reading when posted their vertically rotated image earlier.



Heh, yeah. And the opening of that video shows something I noted when taking some pictures in responce to 's musing - the 'Garden Map' appears more than once inside that station, as it does in Artemis Lodge, and possibly in different locations within the stations (I'll have to look more closely later).

So now the pictures (spoiler tagged for future scrolling convenience, since they're big and there's several):






In the last image, circled on the right, are leaves from the Oak/Ash tree - they look more like Oak leaves than Ash leaves. They suffer from a lack of real detail - indeed whilst the gardens look great from our ship cockpits, and hold up pretty well close in tbh, they do look like they where not really intended to be scrutinised this close up.

Hope that helps - sure helped me kill time - my ship just arrived

EDIT: To fix typos. So many typos.
Click to expand...
Good job! wish I could give you more likes for that post!!!

The tall trees do look like cedars or maybe cypress. Photinia does have red (new) leaves but doesn't have thorns; those bushes look more like Pyracantha (firethorn) to me with red berries...

@SpaceGoblin : I've long urged the use in this thread of the scientific method; cross-checking of hypotheses and evidence, gathering evidence, questioning lines of reasoning, and testing of ideas are essential to improving our understanding. That's some useful evidence gathering! So, those "short straight paths" are actually benches!

@Rochester how far do we take theories? As far as necessary to be able to make predictions which can be tested. It's that testing which allows us to decide which are useful (theories) models and which are not that is the only way to better understanding. To paraphrase Indana Jones, "science Is the search for Fact ... not Truth. If it's Truth you're interested in, Dr. Tyree's philosophy class is right down the hall."

I noticed from @SpaceGoblin 's third pic that there is use of height in the garden layout, which might be meaningful, the middle part seems be slightly sunken- I think we need a closer view of that specific garden design. Maybe in three pics to see the detail.
Reactions:
SpaceGoblin and Rochester