Rochester
Nov 29, 2023
#32,235
Emperor said:
Pretty sure some of the Live streams showed the Frontier guys messing about with their test systems (whilst turning off the feed from the game) then hopping back in to show the new functionality.... from memory they can hop about without jumping and some of the vids they explained they had infinite credits, etc...
Yes these are god-modes the Devs use, there are hackers out there who’ve accessed them to exploit infinite jumps or fly Thargoids etc.

The ‘galaxy’ is not really a spacial entity, we don’t physically travel anywhere, Cmdrs dial up that data and it loads into an instance. So logically ‘distance’ or ‘fuel’ are simply game-logic limitations.

If there a mechanism exists to intentionally hide Raxxla, I suspect there are any number of various ways to do so. But honestly if there were, I believe we ought to have found them by now, unless its narratively locked, or more likely bugged.

I believe it’s far more likely ‘just out there’ but it either doesn’t show up on scans initially, or it’s so obvious or common place we likely ignore it regularly out of hand, or is in the most mundane boring system imaginable, or like Genships, really far out in a stars orbital area… or it’s a rogue planet with no star…

But I do wholeheartedly believe Michael Brookes ‘did’ leave clues, and these were written large into the game. His quote of ‘there will be no clues’ is historical, and more likely related to an archived storyline - ‘nothing to say at this time’. The architecture we’re seeing only now (through the lens of the Codex) obviously existed during that time, any narrative could have progressed through it, culminating into a particular area… if it were originally narrative.

Since that narrative (if linked to Raxxla) was scrubbed, that architecture would still exist in game, albeit contextually meaningless.

I don’t believe there is any ‘magic’ behind unlocking Raxxla, I suspect after the DW missions were found bugged, I suspect they were paused (for various reasons), but the Codex was intentionally built, as a way to resolve and tie that narrative together, then (hypothetically) the objective/s simply were put in place for discovery. It’s true there were no clues… but when the Codex was written, they took the architecture and cleverly referenced it, and repurposed it, as a map.

I believe (truly) we’ve established part or a large percentage of this map. However Raxxla could well still be anywhere with in it. But we certainly have not only refined an area of influence where it ought to be, but equally important - uncovered Brookes originally narrative architecture.
Last edited: Nov 30, 2023
Reactions:
Han_Zen and Louis Calvert