Rochester
Nov 29, 2023
#32,231
Louis Calvert said:
Hyperspace Whispers Audio Investigation #1
My plan is to simply record the audio of jumps. I'll note down the origin and destination of each jump, as well as the distance covered.

To test this I've done the following trips:



















I've recorded each jump, and I'm in the process of trimming them to start and end at the same part of the trip - specifically the exact moment of entering witchspace to the 'whump' when you land near a star.

My initial results are interesting:



From the three I've processed so far I've drawn the following preliminary results - which might change as I do this over more time:
Now I've got a feel for it, and the method seems to be recording well enough, and is pretty on-brand for a Brookes puzzle test, my plan is:
That's a lot of work, so I might not get all of it done (probably won't!), but that's the plan for now.

Anyone have any ideas on other places that might be worth adding to the list, or might be better to visit that something I've already done? Is there anything else I should be testing?
Click to expand...
Bravo, if there is anything hidden then this will identify it. If I had the time on my hands, this is something I would love to tackle, but in a galaxy of this size, where to start!

One of the primary reasons why I undertake my research, is so as to reduce this search area as much as possible, because applications as above could only be effective if done so within an area of identifiable probability.

As a mechanism to hide something, it would be elegant.

FD are well known for using sound well in game, and I recall initially with surface landing sound was integral towards helping find various things from orbit which many never caught on to, simply because FD never communicated it, likewise they generally made certain think difficult (plotting between stars) simply because they wanted to force players to ‘think’.

As you have mentioned it’s not impossible to achieve. And if applicable once we identify it, I suspect it would become incredibly ‘obvious’. It might even be why we haven’t found Raxxla, but again it’s that big question of ‘where to look’. I think once (if) it’s identified it will act as a very clear way-point compass…. That’s if it’s not broken!

I believe in this instance a great candidate would be anywhere in the upper celestial sphere; to and from: Thetis and Shamash.

If the above is an intentional audio clue, I would image anywhere inside a zone of influence between the systems which constitute of Morrigan; the Moirai.

Then maybe look closer at the Norns; the Fall; Sin; Gilgamesh; Shibboleth; Tiamat; Demeter; Persephone; Pandemonium; Artemis and Ahti.


Last edited: Nov 29, 2023
Reactions:
Louis Calvert