Rochester
Dec 2, 2023
#32,264
Jorki Rasalas said:
I believe Trinkets have been in-game from the outset, but that is a fair point- it makes sense that Guardian artefacts were a later addition and might be excluded from the Raxxla Quest on those grounds. MB set us this puzzle & I think he played fair.

It's possible that the old, deleted, E/F missions were solely intended to highlight the Trinkets in this context; it is also possible that they were intended as obfuscation and Trinkets aren't required...I don't think there's anything in the Codex that implies their requirement & we have no indication of the mechanism that will reveal Raxxla though an "Omphalos Rift" is hinted but with no hint as to how to find or open it. IIRC the "data crystals" that were the subject of those old E/F missions were supposed to contain a map...logically we should need to obtain and decode that map...."for those with eyes to see". I only remember Trinkets as cargo containers with an ID number on the outside that was the same as the SAP8 containers, and I never got any sound from it though others claimed to have.....and I could see no way to open the container. The only possibility I can see is that they should be taken to a Thargoid "map room"-it's the only location/mechanism I can think of that pertains to maps, but I'm sure that has been tried.

Seem to remember someone posting a pic of a container containing 3 orbs...was that a Guardian object?
Click to expand...
This is an integral element to be conscious of, which @Jorki Rasalas has identified perfectly.

I too interpret the Codex doesn’t advocate nor advertise any specific object nor mechanism is needed towards finding Raxxla.

Certainly I believe there are a great number of allegorical references (very Miltonian) but at most these relate to spacial information, potentially identifying ‘where and what’.

Considering all the evidence we’ve uncovered to date, and remembering this is a game, not some obscure historical mystery lost to the ages; a ‘dungeon master’ has to provide the player with the tools to play, and inspire that player towards exploring certain opportunities when presented. Not undertake postgraduate esoteric research.

On the face of it, currently - to a new player, none of those historical clues matter, nor are they presented to them, many don’t physically link to the game, or evidently were actually removed.

The Codex - is the only clue in game.

If the Codex were to indicate Trinkets as a key element, then as Jorki establishes the Codex ought to provide some clear contextual examples, or advocate at most some fixed location where they could be obtained, and logically that ought to ‘flow’ - driven by logic or environmental factors to present us those tools and say ‘here try these’… but it doesn’t.

I like the idea of trinket’s historically, and I believe they used to have a purpose - within the larger narrative, and agree ultimately it very likely could have been Guardian related, but we know they were linked to the DW missions, we know there was a bug, we know nothing happened for a period of time, and we know the Codex happened afterwards… IMOP I see the Codex as a fix, the Trinkets ought to have been removed too but I think they were left in either because they caused no harm and were cool to have, or they’re intended purpose had not been injected, so it was just easier… or maybe FD thought it better to simply ‘pause’ that narrative and re-use them at a later date?

Currently the only theme in game which directly identifies Trinkets, is either by the Cmdr accidentally falling over them (if you know where to look, and having the right tools to do so before hand, with no indication in game that’s how you do so!) or it’s via the Brookes Tour… but IMOP it’s still too wide, because if an international clue, it only could advocate the player looks towards Artemis, but what might be there - is an unknown.

Right now, I feel Raxxla potentially exists in one of a number of finite areas, identified via the discovery of the Lost Realms zone via codex.

Directly - I feel it points us towards the Lost Realms zone, that the term ‘omphalos’ in the Codex advocates those systems linked to the historical Delphi - in that area. Eg Axis Mundi etc because when we overlap all the identified zones, there is a clear focal point there?

Indirectly - if not within this zone then potentially further down. Or alternatively higher up in the upper celestial area near the Norns and the ceiling of heaven, or someplace in-between upon some common alignment along the Shibboleth!

Either way, based upon the historical comments made by Brookes, I suspect some of our understanding has been (necessarily) inflated, I think it’s probably very simple, but because none of us knew the actual context (due to intentional over obfuscation - or poor implementation / communication) we have been forced to over think this problem.

Raxxla is likely in a standard system, but like Generation ships is far off the orbital perimeter… it may be hidden in a persistent POI, disguised as something very ordinary…

I do think we’re incredibly close…

Sadly I’m not in game, not for the foreseeable future due to a house renovation. But I’m still enjoying this contextual journey, and still able to map systems outside the game…
Last edited: Dec 2, 2023
Reactions:
Adel, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Louis Calvert