Jorki Rasalas
Dec 2, 2023
#32,269
Ughkoff said:
Jorki Rasalas:

DB video “ED has a story that "embraces all the players"
m.youtube.com/watch?v=gDh9G1gDgMU
he talks about invitation to join a secret organisation as being an event that happens at a certain point in a player’s progression/journey through the game.
At 7:35 he said “now we’ve got the beta, we’ve got the house & now we’re adding the story, the furniture that makes it a really rich game. At 8:20 it does have a story, but it’s not a single-player threaded “rescue the princess” style story, it’s a story of your progression through the game, we will have things that happen to you at certain stages through the game, you’ll get invited to join things, if you get invited to join a secret organisation that’s a thing that can happen to lots of players, if you don’t get that invitation you’ll think to yourself why? I did kill that policeman the other day maybe I need to get my reputation higher”.


Q: Do I understand the context correctly, “The player can be invited to a secret organization”? Has anyone been invited to join the secret organization since release? I remember different missions were offered, but I never saw the invitation. Does the game count the number of minor factions with which I have good relations?
Click to expand...
That was an interpretation of what DB said in a vid. I did ask Allen Stroud about it...
See: https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9617507

Things may have changed between the design intention and implementation. Factions "invite" you to " join" them by completing missions for them...however to myknowledge nobody has ever reported receiving a Dark Wheel "secret membership invitation" as hinted by the Codex, which IMHO increases the probability that is pure obfuscation...it may have been part of MB's "personal journey" (I suspect e.g. play through game, get Elite status, get Shinrarta permit, solve puzzles there (e.g. disparate original tourist beacon spellings of PF implies multiple factions, find the Real Dark Wheel, get hidden ability test and membership invitation, get some clues from them about Raxxla), however I suspect that "personal journey" was deleted along with the old E/F missions to "simplify" the whole process...

Of course I may be wrong!
Last edited: Dec 2, 2023
Reactions:
Ughkoff and Rochester