Louis Calvert
Dec 1, 2023
#32,261
Raz Griffin said:
Hey, thanks for the comprehensive response, i really enjoyed it and i'll take a look in the Omphalos Rift following the sources you recommended.

I was playing the game and i noticed another strong clue that adds to the point we were discussing, that is Guardians being related to Raxxla and human creation or at least our tech development. The three are combined here:

SPOILER

Can you see it? Talk about occam's razor. Isn't it interesting how context gives a whole new interpretation to what's been under our nose for so long?
Click to expand...
Happy to help

Yeah the ship loading hexagon is pretty compelling! It's hard to ignore that one of the few hexagram-symbols other than the Raxxla logo has been present in every single one of our experiences since the very start...

Over the years folks here have collected other hexagram examples to compare with the Raxxla logo. It's probably reductive to assume that all hexagons are associated, but equally this isn't real life where similarities occur because of the chaotic nature of billions of people doing stuff; so there's at least the possibility that similarities are intended to be hints at an inter-related theming.

Examples:
Raxxla Logo is a hexagram of 6 smaller hexagons around a negative space hexagon.
Mycoid Logo found on INRA bases is three hex-icons on a hexagon.
Scrivener's logo from the Dredger is a hexagram made of six circles within a hexagram made of six joined circles
Azimuth Biotech logo is three hexagons with pie-slices removed.
Engineers are all depicted as hexagons with a circle in the centre.

I'm pretty sure the Engineer icon represents a bolt or nut though - so it's likely this is a coincidence... maybe they all are??!

Merlin StWahgwaan said:
... we have to acknowledge Fdev does update/change things, and without any confirmation either way directly from the dev team, we cannot assume (or discount) the same original game mechanic/requirement is still being used now to access Raxxla as it was (potentially) at game launch.

... we cannot assume that the activation/discovery process has not "evolved" since launch and that newer items/mechanics could be required...

Also, I still have a theory that Raxxla actually moves. I've had people jump down my throat previously for even suggesting that, saying it wasn't possible,
Good points.

Raxxla Moving?
IMO Raxxla could easily have moved in the same way as everything large pre-odyssey did - simply "jumps" on the weekly reset, like megaships and stations have ever since the days of Jaques. There's no question that could have been done.

The reason I don't personally love the moving Raxxla solution is that Drew Wagar used it in his Oolite books, which I think means Fdev wouldn't do it by default. I'm sure they had their own ideas.

Raxxla has been updated?
On one hand, we know Fdev has changed things to reflect new technology before; the Zurara is an example of this. However, developing assets for a game is a big process involving quite a lot of people. If Raxxla were being updated every few years, I'm 100% positive there would have been a leak by now from somewhere in the process, even accidentally.

On the other hand, we also know many of the permit locks were added to the game after launch. The Barnard's Loop area was only locked 7 years ago. Triton was locked at a similar time (this video is from 7 years ago). That also means that Raxxla could easily be within one of the 'new' permit locks and they are planning to update it to whatever the latest tech is at some point in the future as a full development. This could also explain the mythical "Raxxla has been visited", that could have simply been pre-permit lock (idk when that was said). We also know that Drew claimed there was a major course-change regarding content plans at some point in the past - we don't know what that change involved.

On the other...first...hand again though, no no, different hand.... if they knew it's locked 7 years ago, why bother with the Raxxla Codex entry at all? So, to me, that means it's not permit locked (or not without a key) and it is discoverable... probably. Drew said that as far as he knew only Brookes and Braben knew anything about Raxxla. This explains why there's not been a leak, so few people know. Presumably the secret has been passed on to the new producers now, but still no leaks!!

I do however fully agree that the path to Raxxla (whatever that means) has very likely been evolved and changed as the game has evolved. I assume the Codex was written by Brookes to replace/supplement/illuminate whatever 'path' existed before - Fdev didn't need to add Raxxla or the Dark Wheel to the Codex, everyone was surprised to see it. I think they did it because there's content in the game that's already been developed that no-one has found yet, it's a LOT easier to add a Codex page than build/fix/update any sort of mission-system clues, etc.

Merlin StWahgwaan said:
but again, just a theory and no good idea of where to even start...

I often go back on this thread and read posts from years back. There's so many great ideas and great theories... yet nothing seems to have come of any of them and all the hours of searching... yet!

Some of those great ideas may simply have not been checked, or maybe it was the right idea but some minor detail was wrong, etc.

Philip Coutts said:
I'm pretty sure that it was confirmed that Raxxla was in the game from the start and could be discovered. with that in mind I don't think that Raxxla will be linked to carrying cargo that was introduced later in the game.
That... is a good point indeed! I honestly hadn't ever considered that before.

If Raxxla hasn't been changed, then that does actually remove any Guardian and Thargoid artefact (except maybe the UA's?) at least, from being a trigger object - but... it's still possible that the path to Raxxla (whatever that means) might have been updated/changed after launch, which might require stuff.

Edit: You know what? That could also be extended to mean that Raxxla probably isn't Guardian or Thargoid either, since neither had assets in-game at release (for 2-3 years?). At least in the way we think of as being Guardian or Thargoid...
Last edited: Dec 1, 2023
Reactions:
Philip Coutts, Adel, Merlin StWahgwaan and 1 other person