Thatchinho
Feb 4, 2019
#5,724
BloodRedCobra said:
Which I suppose, to correct myself, doesn't necessarily make it a canonnical event, just like the old "Humans transported to other galaxies" isn't confirmed in E D (is it?)

Edit: That one: Alien World. I got my sources on this one, chief. The ORIGINAL mention of Raxxla, the lizardoid Raxxlans, their wars, and Point-to-Point travel.

Edit (Again): And good luck obtaining the books. As far as I know frontier stopped selling the old lore, and on Amazon copies sell for $100 or more. If anyone can find me the books for a reasonable price I'll directly source clues.
Ah, ok, I see. Yeah, The Alien World isn’t part of Elite lore. (And AFAIK, it’s never been connected with Frontier.)

Even the actual documents from the original Elite aren’t canon for ED. For example, there are many active spacefaring species in that, in comparison to the 2 (possibly 3) that we have in ED. On the other hand, some things have been confirmed/corroborated for ED.

So there’s two things for TAW, what did Holdstock carry over from it into his concept of Raxxla for the original The Dark Wheel novella, and what, if any, of that has been carried over into ED.

There was also Braben’s comment in one of the livestreams where he said ‘What a silly question, of course it is. But you don’t know what it is.’ in response to questions about whether Raxxla was in game. (A tiny bit of paraphrasing there and there was debate at the time over whether the second part was a reference to Raxxla itself, or whether it was a reference to an interjection by Ed about being able to predict in advance that some questions will come up.)

Also, isn’t the Oisir-Raxxla the name of (one of) the species in TAW, as opposed to Raxxla being a planet as it’s supposed to be according to The Dark Wheel?

Anyway, none of that’s to say that TAW is definitely not a potential source of clues, just that none of it can be treated as things we actually know about Raxxla in Elite Dangerous unless it corroborated by an official source.

Oh, and on the Galactic Hyperdrive stuff (assuming you’re meaning the ones from the original Elite), we don’t really know. There’s nothing canon saying they existed, and there’s also been suggestions that they were never intergalactic anyway, and just medium to long distance intragalactic. The collapse of the Galactic Co-operative of Worlds and the loss of Quirium FTL drives is canon though, and the Galactic Hyperdrives (if they existed) were from the same tech-set, so there’s no telling what the situation really is. There’s lots of Permit Locked areas out there...
Last edited: Feb 4, 2019