Han_Zen
Feb 25, 2019
#6,263
yelboc said:
The chinese valentines day mentioned by Han Zen:

Princess star-lover links to the Qixi Festival where star crossed lovers meet on the 7th day of the 7th moon of the year in Chinese and Japanese tradition.

Zhinu - represented by Vega, and Niulang represented by Altair, seprarted by the milky way as punishment. They meet once a year on a bridge of magpies that forms across the river.

Qixi is pronounced 'KEY-she' !

Vega is call Orihime in japan.

The story is also mentioned in carl sagan's novel 'contact'..

Maybe we have to go on the day ? :|
The bridge of magpies.. no idea how that could happen in game, but maybe the point midway between Altair and Vega is the 'meeting point'

BTW Vega was not the pole star in 1200BC for the ancient greeks.. see my earlier post, or check for your self in Stellarium (which has a full precession model)

Ancient Greece dates from 1200BC not 12000BC (when Vega was pole)

Also, 1ly = 31,557,600ls. Even at 2001c, a ly takes 4.38hrs. Hard going .. do we have any reason to beleive that FSS doesn't show all bodies in a system? I have had it pick up outer bodies >500,000ls easily enough.. Stikes me that folk were missing stuff and that FDEV gave us the FSS so that we might find the things overlooked.

Doing exploration at the moment (trying to grind to 3x elite.. I may be a while..) and suprising how many systems have not had their outer planets found - liekly there is stuff in the bubble yet to be FSS'ed where distant things have gone undetected in the past..

YB
Click to expand...

The Greek myths are of course of a much later date than 12000 BC. The written stories are mostly far newer than 1200 BC as well.
The stories do however represent ancient events, even at the time they were told. Greeks would divide the history of man in five ages:

- The Golden Age, Ruled by Kronos(in some stories Astraea). A primordial age of peace, harmony, stability, and prosperity.
- The Silver, Starting with Zeus dethronement of Kronos, Prometheus teaching humans the 'arts' and the opening of Pandora's box.
- The Bronze age. A time of war and hard men. Undone by their violent ways and went to Hades.
- The Age of Heroes. The time around the Trojan war. The last period where the goods took active part in human life.
- The Iron age. The present, when the stories and myths get told.

The Greek ages tell a story of human decline, where the most ancient times are the ideal.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ages_of_Man

The stories told at the height of Greek civilization, does not represent their own time. The Trojan war is usually dated to about 1200 BC. The ages before, would be much further back in time.
Last edited: Feb 25, 2019
Reactions:
yelboc