Six6VI
Aug 26, 2019
#11,361
What do we know at this point, that might be related?

FDev removed the 'fluff' writers from Galnet because the community went chasing after some 'clue' they accidentally dropped, and moved them, where? Feedback on the Enclave II was pretty good compared to the first one too, so maybe FDev have finally noticed that a good story goes a long way with players?

It seemed like legs were on the doorstep back when the Dura-Drive and Torq things were in the news, as they could make interacting with the terrain on foot a thing but alas, that story came and went. Is it still going to be a thing though, maybe in 2020 but the narrative got way ahead of the development progress?

If we ever get access to this tech it won't be "new" any more, although the MkIII we do eventually get may be functionally superior after the bugs and design defects of the MkI and II are fixed 'off-camera'? Raxxla could be suffering similar issues, due to it being way too easy to stumble across in it's current location?

Palin's, and now Chloe's 5000Ly from start requirement doesn't bring any kind of justification with it, why exactly is that a thing and couldn't they have given us an elegant fools errand like collecting a petal of the unobtanium tree that only grows on some remote planet that just happens to be precisely 5000Ly away?

It could have been a wreck, with scan data to prove you were there, or a tourist beacon far enough away from both, now all three start locations. Maybe there will eventually be engineers in the bubble that you can't access without a tip-off from one in Colonia? The point is, that creates journeys in a specific order.

The Galnet writers have shown they can influence player attention, the II's could benefit from more player engagement and if that's where they're moving to we might start to see some awesome narrative driven content? Can they help with mission dialogues? What about for rank missions and permit unlocks?

If time could be invested in a story arc that ties these disparate objectives together...
Reactions:
PeteACarter and [PS4] Filthymick420