Darrack
Jul 16, 2023
#30,905
Rochester said:
Anyone familiar with Norse mythology?

Please find below some more hypotheses regarding Yggdrasil. Now in previous ramblings I believe I’ve established this structure is intentional, however its meaning was still a mystery other than either by evidence of an archaeological narrative made by Michael Brookes (RIP) or it’s just an Easter Egg.

Following discussions with @Jorki Rasalas regards the relationship between Demeter, Hectate, Artemis and Persephone, in regards to my underworld theory denoting the passage in the Codex about the ‘Cities of hold, Sunken kingdoms and Mythical lands’, I still could not understand why Hecate was so far removed from this very obvious ‘underworld area’ given the close relationship between these characters.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'


I then recalled that within this area there also exists the winds, which identify a very weird North / South alignment, which is actually slightly off from galactic north.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'


I then pondered…

Please find below the Yggdrasil system (named) but aligned against the North / South.

It would now seem some correlation appears. But I am not so well versed in North mythology. And there are certain Norse named systems which I don’t rightly understand their placement. So the question is: Within this new alignment, do the named systems make any sense?

My proposition is that if this orientation is correct, and places the Norse underworld within the same orientation as the Greek Underworld, if true then this theory ties directly into the ‘Underworld’ theory and the two correspond.

*

Will email this to a mate of mine who runs the area's Viking Society, he's Danish and is a mine of information on this stuff.
As a Druid the tree is represented throughout all pagan religions just within druidry it only connects 3 realms (there's a 4th outside) but its an Oak not an Ash, something we have often discussed.

O7
Reactions:
SergMx, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester