Han_Zen
Jul 17, 2023
#30,914
Rochester said:
Anyone familiar with Norse mythology?

Please find below some more hypotheses regarding Yggdrasil. Now in previous ramblings I believe I’ve established this structure is intentional, however its meaning and structure were an unknown other than being directly over Axis Mundi and the Greek underworld, it likely is evidence of an archaeological narrative made by Michael Brookes (RIP) or it’s just one of his Easter Eggs.

Following discussions regards @Jorki Rasalas insights about the close relationship between Demeter, Hectate, Artemis and Persephone; and their relationship concerning the Greek underworld, an area which is actually represented in game around Axis Mundi which I’ve established relates directly to the passage in the Codex, about the ‘Cities of gold, Sunken kingdoms and Mythical lands’, however I still could not understand why Hecate was so far removed from this very obvious ‘underworld area’ given the close relationship between these characters.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'


I then recalled that within this area there also exists the winds, the Greek compass, which identify a very weird North / South alignment, which is actually slightly off from galactic north.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'


I then pondered…

Please find below the Yggdrasil system (named) but aligned against the North / South.

It would now seem some correlation appears. But I am not so well versed in North mythology. And there are certain Norse named systems which I don’t rightly understand their placement. So the question is: Within this new alignment, do the named systems make any sense?

My proposition is; if this orientation is correct, then it places the Norse underworld within the same alignment as that of the Greek Underworld, if true then this theory ties the ‘Yggdrasil’ theory directly into the ‘Underworld’ theory and the two correspond.

*edited:

‘Now the biggest factor is; Norse cosmology has never truly been resolved, and is at best a modern interpretation of an oral tradition; there exists multiple iterations of Yggdrasil in contemporary text, .

Generally there is a lack of systematization or codification of Norse mythology and is comprised of fluidity . Any contemporary pictorial representations are at best speculative and

Thread 'The John Milton conundrum'


The example below endeavours to find the correct alignment of the Yggdrasil systems represented in game by FD; is the standard galactic alignment in game correct, or is this version below, based of a ‘in-game compass’ more accurate. Or are the Yggdrasil systems simply arbitrarily or abstract?

Many do seem to correlate with other ‘none’ Norse named systems, indicating a shared common theme or meaning, but then certain systems are named after ‘persons’ not locations, which might indicate errors or that certain systems are not relevant. It is an unknown if many of these Yggdrasil systems are actually irrelevant. I simple wish to establish whether the overall form has more intent, should certain systems be omitted, and does this alignment make more sense?

*

I’am no expert in norse mythology, but I’m a local so I know a little.

The basis for the mythology and cosmology is greek. Probably came to southern Scandinavia via the amber trade, that started about 1750 bc.
The Nebra sky disk (Germany) and the golden urn from Mjövik(Sweeden) shows that ther was astronomical knowledge in the region.
The Nordic bronze age ended in about 500 bc and the region went in to a bit of a dark age.

When the Iron/Viking age started about a thousand years later, the mythology had diverged into what we know as norse.
Most of it was oral and preserved in poems. There were plenty of local variations.

Many of the written sources we have are from the 13th century. Well after the religion was mostly abandoned.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, John Stoutbeard, Shadowsnog and 1 other person