Rochester
Jul 16, 2023
#30,904
Anyone familiar with Norse mythology?

Please find below some more hypotheses regarding Yggdrasil. Now in previous ramblings I believed I had established this structure is intentional, however its meaning and structure were an unknown other than being directly over Axis Mundi and the Greek underworld, it likely is evidence of an archaeological narrative made by Michael Brookes (RIP) or it’s just one of his Easter Eggs.

Following discussions regards @Jorki Rasalas insights about the close relationship between Demeter, Hectate, Artemis and Persephone; and their relationship concerning the Greek underworld, an area which is actually represented in game around Axis Mundi which I’ve established relates directly to the passage in the Codex, about the ‘Cities of gold, Sunken kingdoms and Mythical lands’, however I still could not understand why Hecate was so far removed from this very obvious ‘underworld area’ given the close relationship between these characters.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10101133

I then recalled that within this area there also exists the Anemoi winds, the Greek compass, which identify a very weird North / South alignment, which is actually slightly off from galactic north.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10129970

I then pondered… what if it’s not?

Please find below the Yggdrasil system (named) but aligned against the Anemoi North / South.

It would now seem some correlation appears. But I am not so well versed in North mythology. And there are certain Norse named systems which I don’t rightly understand their placement. So the question is: Within this new alignment, do the named systems make any sense?

My proposition is; if this orientation is correct, then it places the Norse underworld within the same alignment as that of the Greek Underworld, if true then this theory ties the ‘Yggdrasil’ theory directly into the ‘Underworld’ theory and the two correspond.

*edited:

‘Now the biggest factor is; Norse cosmology has never truly been resolved, and is at best a modern interpretation of an oral tradition; there exists multiple iterations of Yggdrasil in contemporary text, but none are genuinely definitive.

Generally there is a lack of systematization or codification of Norse mythology and is comprised of fluidity ambiguity, and contradiction. Any contemporary pictorial representations are at best speculative and unverifiable‘

Thread 'The John Milton conundrum'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-john-milton-conundrum.607684/

The example below endeavours to find the correct alignment of the Yggdrasil systems represented in game by FD; is the standard galactic alignment in game correct, or is this version below, based of a ‘in-game compass’ more accurate.

Or rather, are the Yggdrasil systems aligned so they point to the Greek underworld! It’s irrelevant which is the correct alignment, the emphasis is to focus our attention upon that region?

Many do seem to correlate with other ‘none’ Norse named systems, indicating a shared common theme or meaning, but then certain systems are named after ‘persons’ not locations, which might indicate errors or that certain systems are not relevant?

It is an unknown if many of these Yggdrasil systems are actually irrelevant. I simply wish to establish whether the overall form has more intent, should certain systems be omitted, and does this alignment make more sense?

*Image below shows the in game systems linked to Yggdrasil (yellow) and those of the Norse Runes (blue), aligned against the Greek Anemoi (green). With Greek mythology - Hecate, Demeter, Artimis and Persephone (white) inserted.

Last edited: Jul 22, 2023
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, Han_Zen and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian