RaNaketh
May 21, 2019
#8,161
Midian Cabal said:
Here's a short recap of my endeavors:
Lately I've been doing both normal and passenger missions for TDW, got a few tip off missions, but the game client crashes when skimmers are shooting at me. The bug is confirmed, but not yet fixed, so that's on hold. The missions have progressing difficulty, might that be an indication of TDW's test?
I want to visit Alpha Site in Formidine Rift and hear for myself is sirens are singing there, but none of TDW's famous explorers don't want to go even in the general direction.
While waiting for one, I'm trying to raise TDW's influence in LFT 926, but it seems I'm doing it alone.
I want to test my jewel in the Nut's brow hypothesis, but both brute force flying from one system to another and searching for nearby compatible systems from the list are tedious and time consuming. Either I or a guy from Reddit will write a program that will print all systems with 8 moons around gas giants near my position.
Until something changes, I'll continue grinding my rep with TDW's allies and changing their influence in LFT 926. Any help is more than welcome.

One more thing I'd like to try is throwing SAP-8 containers with other stuff (Trinkets of Hidden Fortune, Soontil relics) into a Thargoid Device. I'd love to believe that those spiraling stars there are not just a fancy decoration.
Click to expand...

Hi Midian Cabal,

Did you ever get another 'tip off mission' after doing rank up missions for TDW? Or does the game still crash for you?

I'm interested, because I've received a tip off mission after doing a Founder/Elite mission directly for TDW and although my game doesn't seem to crash - sneaking into a Military +++ large installation is certainly ranking as one of the most impossible things I've attempted in-game to-date. Cost me roughly 20M in fines / bounties, and I've lost 4 SRVs scouting and trying to get to the core for scanning. Can't take it by air solo doesn't seem to work for me (fully engineered Vette + Elite Pilot) vs 4-5 System Defence + Police after 4 minutes + Ground Anti-Ship turrets, and/or having 5 goliath skimmers chasing me + turrets when I'm on the ground isn't working for me either.

Anyone else successfully raided a Large Military +++ High Security? Any tips?!
Source: https://i.imgur.com/uoGYwDP.jpg


It might just be a 'normal' tip-off, but I'd like to complete it to verify that is the case.

Fly Dangerously.
/Ra
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420