alexzk
A
Sep 29, 2019
#12,555
Vetinari said:
@Jorki - A lot of what you say is the same search I went on, that Wing Mission vid is so close that it may be i imagined it on that one, but Im sure there was a previous one or segment in one before that but cannot track it down hence retracted.

Timeline - makes sense if they are sticking to the lore.
Codex - May actually all be part of a bigger lie to obfuscate the truth, at least in certain parts, who writes it in lore and who writes it in RL and are they RP? too many questions so have to take at face value with healthy dose of skepticism and ability to drop it like a stone if evidence points otherwise. Evidence leads theories, theories don't lead evidence.
Little bit obvious - I have come to my own conclusion that this means it must be 'visible' almost certainly through the FSS, if it puts out less power than a Tourist Beacon 100K LS away I'll be impressed. So to me the FSS has the final word as to what is in system, Still use my eyes but 99.99% 'believe' FSS is the clue / hint / tool needed.
The playing map is astronomical - it could be anywhere and the chances of anyone finding it within 100 years at random I dont know but i wildly speculate is near to 0.00 something. Theres no reason it wasnt in the game at the start and isnt accessible without any special equipment or pernits. this holds up in lore as well, nothing says anything special is needed or any pre-requirements, apart from maybe knowledge, maybe not necessarily.
Mis-jumps - Im too far away with too much data to test this in case it blows up the ship and somebody must have thought of it before but is it possible to cause a mis-jumo by cancelling the Frameshift Drive at a specific point, you can cancel up to the actual countdown and there may be a fractional point at which it makes the jump 'crash' somehow? Very doubtful, very very doubtful but just wondered and too scared to test it atm.
Click to expand...
I was trying to cancel jump long ago, no success. It is game loading screen in fact. Buttons are blocked.
Most u can do close the game and then u login back to source or to destination + fuel used. So if game keep crashing on jump, you may get out of fuel.
Last edited: Sep 29, 2019
Reactions:
Vetinari