MrShinyTorterra
M
Jun 9, 2021
#23,655
Rochester said:
Feeling pretty dejected concerning FD generally following Arthur Tolmie’s confirmation (appreciated for his honesty) the other night that interiors (off topic) were not a considered direction.

Theorising on the ‘why’s’ and ‘whatfores’ about FD’s development modus operandi has only bolstered my own hypothesis about Raxxla being currently none-accessible (albeit ‘out there’), in respect that it’s probably just a narrative drop asset.

I need to do some proper searching of the mind to find a reason to keep playing this game, because as time moves on I’m getting the distinct feeling we have been lied to; not directly concerning Raxxla, but the ‘spirit’ of ED generally.

My expectations were dented when Odyssey dropped, and I could see the writing on the wall before the initial demo, the confirmation around interiors and why it’s not happening only bolster these feelings and theories. I don’t feel any loss, I never expected interiors, just saddens me to think FD aren’t as imaginative as they used to be prior to 2017.

My only hope, is that FD optimise Odyssey to a state where it is playable. I may find some comfort in that, and at least now I can put to rest my ‘obsession’ and maybe shift my energies elsewhere.

My only solace concerning this game has been this community, particularly this thread and others.

I’m not leaving (backer / lifetime pass holder); just...

Click to expand...
I agree, I think Raxxla is currently not in the game. We never got a clear, honest answer directly from anyone working at Frontier Developments that is somewhat recent. I think there are two options, but both coming down to the fact that Raxxla is currently NOT ingame.

Either Raxxla is not in game and it was a "lie" to get players to explore or to keep some sort of old mystery in the game. Raxxla has been mentioned in the way older games and they wanted to keep that up. So it's not in the game.

Or Raxxla is not accesable/in the game right now, but they plan on using it in the lore-story. This could be backed up by the fact that they really want to keep the future storyline a secret and generaly don't allow anyone to talk much about it. But it comes once again down to the fact that Raxxla is not ingame.

There are currently only 2/3 data logs that vaguely describe a possible Raxxla. Either those are refering to something else or it suggest that Raxxla will be used in the future storyline.

Yes, it would be kind of a scum thing to do to keep people looking for 6 years. Otherwise they want to keep the mystery up. Either way if it's fake at least we deserve to know after 6 years if it won't be used in the storyline. But I am 99% sure that Raxxla is currently not accesable. Should we close this threat? No, I don't think so. I mean it's fun to come together and talk about it but it's safe to say everything Raxxla related is drying out. It's a fun thing to learn about but it's not fun to being lied to and looking for something that doesn't exist.
Once again for those who would disagree, we haven't gotten any recent official respons to anything Raxxla related.
Reactions:
[VR] TheBlackCat