Rochester
Mar 29, 2024
#33,737
Again this is a good insight into an aspect no one seemingly has really investigated in depth. It might seem, given how physical the links to Milton and Holdstock are in game, any Lovecraft link might be absent.

However, in game I believe Lovecraft has been the primary inspiration behind the Far God cult which itself identifies a link to Brookes ‘space in between’ storylines, the Guardians (beings of light (angels), the Thargoids (demons). Likewise the setting generally has included the Pleiades.

Although not so directly evident, Lovecraft was influenced by classical antiquity as it served as setting in some of his earlier work and his trademark atmosphere of terrifying sublimity may hold similarities with Milton, so I can appreciate how Brookes drew inspiration. From the classical viewpoint of the influence of the concept of the ‘Otherworld’ aka the Arcadian ideal. But generally in game I suspect his influence was upon Brookes writing style rather than any specific set of locations.

But I admit to being ignorant of Lovecraft generally. Although I appreciate his ‘otherworldly’ influence, I am not such a fan of his world politics, nor so his writing style which is pulpy to say the least.

All of the Gen ships logs etc or ‘The Missing’ all have a strong Lovecraft feel, and then we have the Pleiades, whose stars have been utilised by Lovecraft directly as locations for certain creatures. So I do wonder if his influence in game is broadly evident.

I have been logging locations of Gen ships and Brookes Drabbles etc since very early on, and I do feel that although these singularly don’t have any relation, I feel as a whole, they do point some of the way.

There is a series of systems named after deities Brookes wrote Drabbles about, these are all in locations close to the narrative I’ve mapped out. I don’t think they are directional markers but they certainly might have some general association, and may have been incorporated by Brookes as an impish attempt to draw attention to certain areas.

In addition some of the Lost Realms have a tenuous link to ‘fringe’ systems via mythology, if viewed collectively as with the Mealstroms, they do all seam to have a line of sight with the Pleiades.

But given the vast distances such a link cannot I presume, be confirmed solidly, I do believe however it’s a wider narrative device, likely archaeological in nature where I suspect Raxxla was linked to the Guardian / Thargoid narratives directly, via some side narrative /easter egg, but since binned.

*edited: a quick mapping of the Far God storyline, and to my eyes it generally looks to temporarily revolve around the ‘general’ area of the Thetis, the Chaos area, then resolves into an area associated with the path of Jacques and then the ‘Hell’ area of the Lost Realms…

But thats only interpretative speculation; so although not directly associated, one might presume the Far God story may have hinted towards certain areas of our current interest… but who knows!

I get the general impression throughout my investigations that Brookes or FD has tied certain narratives around this architecture; but equally this could be visual bias on my part or totally bunkum…

Happy Ēostre!

Source: https://youtu.be/glzYdm7of_E?si=pfWoHU7vAoDnhUl3
Last edited: Mar 29, 2024
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas