Rochester
Mar 26, 2024
#33,722
New thoughts on the Raxxla logo.

*edited: Doing some image searching before morning tea, as I tend not to be limited by logic during this period and happened upon the 2021 game ‘Paradise Lost’. It wasn’t of note to me due to its title, more so its logo which is a reflection upon that games core storyline, namely that of the Slavic world tree, depicted as the Cyrillic letter "zhizn" (life) "Ж"; and it obviously brought me back to thinking of the similar design from the Raxxla logo.

This tree is similar to Yggdrasil but not technically this same. I was reminded more of Brookes commissions of artworks from Luciana Nedelea, and wondered if a lot of Brookes Celtic influences originated from Slavic origin?



I quickly searched the deities behind this Slavic culture and have only found a handful in game. Notably they are in the correct locations in connection to my cosmology and Yggdrasil systems, eg the higher gods being in the upper hemisphere and likewise those in the underworld. I noted how they fell within the confines of the Yggdrasil systems, but alone didn’t make any particular tree pattern, so just accepted them as another example of deities within the wider cosmological model.

I then looked at the entirety of the model from the perspective of Perun - the Slavic equivalent of Zeus / Thor, as a thunder/lightning god, that resided in a citadel on the top of the highest branch of the World Tree; and thought, what if the Raxxla logo isn’t showing us ‘where’ it is, but just ‘what’ it is? No other logos in game are maps - correct? So why ought this one?

So I then got to thinking again about Milton’s Paradise Lost and the in game garden design, and how it may likely be showing us that Raxxla exists in a Miltonian model, and of The Lost Realms which are examples of lost Edens, according to Holdstock etc and just imagined what if the logo simply means Raxxla is Eden. This has always been my interpretation but in context to the logo, maybe that all it just is… and nothing more?

The tree design in the logo could simply be a reference to one of the two trees in Eden, maybe it doesn’t show us the way, maybe it’s just a graphical coded clue to look for Milton’s Eden, like the garden design might, or Holdstock’s realms?

In Milton’s Paradise Lost everything in the cosmos is oriented by the visual point of view of god, North is that deities field of vision, their left and right hands, East and West; south is both below and behind him.

From the potential viewpoint from the top of Yggdrasil - if you accept the Greek compass in game as true and look North and West then it begins to look logical and ties in I believe with this Miltonian point of view.

I don’t think this helps in any new way, but I’m just wondering if the six points of trees in the garden design, and likewise the 6 branches in the logo, just identify ‘the tree of life/knowledge), that’s all. Before all this logo and the Codex, no one thought of Raxxla as a potential Miltonian Eden…

Maybe it’s just an identifier. Raxxla is Eden (metaphorically).

I think we’re really close.

Again it’s little things like this that I really love about this mystery, and how much of this is probably not all solely the work of Brookes; it reminds me of what @Allen Stroud wrote about in regards to the methodology of myth making, in ‘Worlds Apart: Worldbuilding in Fantasy and Science Fiction’:

To utilise the absence of things, to engage the reader’s imagination, and encourage speculative engagement.

Some aspects of this, may never have been designed intentionally, and although gargantuan it may not be so expansive. In some cases we’re just naturally filling in the blanks. If that was by intent then it’s goes to show the genius behind this mystery.

Such a puzzle has become troublesome to unpack because I believe its original framework has been shifted, we know the narrative was edited; that dead-ends are promoted as true, but also influence from outside the game leaves it open to counterintelligence.

It still hold that a lot of this is probably archeological, and maybe, that is more impressive than the intended goal.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10337471
Last edited: Mar 27, 2024
Reactions:
selbie and Jorki Rasalas