Jorki Rasalas
Mar 27, 2024
#33,724
Jorki Rasalas said:
I've given you a like for that but there is something missing-can you show the logo with your annotation of your interpretation? I don't see any tree in it

I agree it is probably not a map (we've tried that hypothesis in various ways) but is therefore likely the destination of this treasure hunt. To me it represents a dodecahedral station....I suspect those were originally modelled on a Guardian ark ship that was discovered early in space flight history but kept hidden. I think that's named RAXXLA. The codex says it's been circulating (i.e. orbiting) for centuries
Ah thanks for the update, that makes it clear.
Your interpretation of the logo "asterisk" is interesting, hadn't thought about the cyrillic letter, which is "zh", it may well be relevant!
The Founder's World name "Shinrarta Dehzra" came from "In life she saw hope"...I've always thought that implies SD & PF were founded by a female Guardian exile who probably arrived in one of their ark ships (named "Raxxla") and I suspect it was she who left the Mars Artefact (which may have in turn led to the human discovery of Raxxla).
(Edit: it might be an AI by now, since I think she is still controlling the PF after millennia! And she may be named "Raxxla" rather than the ship
Edit2: why do I always want to start singing Frankie goes to Hollywood's "Relax" when I say that??)

From my notes: Named circa 2013 by Liqua ( Cmdr Aewarin Jameson)/Ughkoff ... it’s an amalgamation of Russian and Arabic: Russian (zhizn' [жизнь] meaning "Life") Arabic (ra'at [رات] meaning "she saw") Russian (nadezhda [надежда] meaning "Hope")
The Quest To Find Raxxla
So where is everybody actually looking these days. I'm talking systems or even galactic sectors / regions, not stanzas in poetry. That information is classified! 😎
forums.frontier.co.uk

There seems to have been some initial secrecy over the naming!!
The Quest To Find Raxxla
Shinrarta was backer named - I seem to recall it was a special auction or sthg like that. Nothing mysterious about IMHO
forums.frontier.co.uk
Last edited: Mar 27, 2024
Reactions:
selbie