Rochester
Mar 27, 2024
#33,730
Louis Calvert said:
I've recently realised that this thread's title is exactly what it's about. I had assumed that the quest for Raxxla was about finding Raxxla, but after years of reading and participating on this thread I'm pretty sure this thread is about the Quest, and continuing the Quest, rather than actually about finding Raxxla and solving the mystery.

I'm not having a go, or saying that the many of you who post here regularly or occasionally are in any way wrong for wanting the Quest to continue indefiintely, just that it's not what I had been assuming.

Have fun in your Questing

*Note: Cat-on-keyboard incident caused the premature posting, hence the edit-finish
Click to expand...

To a degree thats likely correct.

The problem with the quest generally is it started out as a serious process to understand a real puzzle in game, which many actually dismissed as being ‘narrative’ and ergo gated.

But then FD seemingly broke that puzzle, and failed to publicly communicate this to the player base - to this date - possibly because it was narrative all along?

This naturally leaves the area open to speculative investigation, due to the presence of a significant intelligence gap, various levels of gossip and actual misleading information.

It’s true there likely are Cmdrs who enjoy the quest simply as a fruitless endeavour, considering the actual emptiness in game - and that’s OK - as it’s likely more inline with the narrative structure of the game.

But there are others who are serious and who have been successful in turning the objective back into a constructive endeavour, and would even highlight that - given what information we do have - there always will exist an equal level of probability it’s all for nothing, but continue to engage, considering the actual emptiness in game.

Sadly much of the quest is in my experience probably archaeological, due to the absence of information, or more likely the omission of validity and the existing potential it’s still narrative; half of the problem is not being able to assess what is a clue and what isn’t, or likewise what’s gated behind a narrative, or a dead-end.

You’ve highlighted a common danger in investigative practice, of falling in love with the data and the process of analysis; this is a form of scholarly bias, and a very real thing…

Personally I’m serious about finding Raxxla, but I likely won’t be the one who finds it… I take great solace however in knowing my work may have led to its discovery, and more so, in potentially uncovering something bigger - if it is narrative, then there’s a likelihood we hold more information than we know, or that FD has to re-align their narrative to suit (doubtful).

But this is also role-play, on a day-today level this quest ties me to the game, it gives me a reason to explore. Thargoids, materials, engineering and FD gated approach to narrative, doesn’t interest me, I bought the game for its exploration aspect and the nostalgia, the quest may actually be the best part of this game, I do wonder how much of it is actually player generated.
Last edited: Mar 27, 2024
Reactions:
Non Grata, Han_Zen, Jorki Rasalas and 1 other person