Jorki Rasalas
May 30, 2020
#16,930
SkyRock said:
heeeeeeeellooooo im back)

someone tried to use in-game information? take information from lighthouses, etc.
do we have confidence in the code?
conducted a small online investigation, at the time of the first mention of raxla, only 6 systems were mastered
Eotienses
Delta pavonis
Altair
Beta hydri
Sol
Tau ceti
But there are a lot of questions to the Eotienses system since it is at a considerable distance from all other systems.
So we can assume that raxla is in the bladder.
Also before Tau, people visited Alpha Centauri. I think if you take into account the time for the round trip, you can narrow the search. according to my estimates, flying in one direction for about 10 years. If anyone found raksla he needed to spend at least 20 years.
But if the planet is in habitable territory, then how could we not find it? let's put aside the mechanics of the game for a second and assume that the planet moves, that is, a planet that is not connected with the star by a gravitational field or, more simply, a rogue planet, this explains a lot, for example, why the dark wheel lost the coordinates of the planet. Well, I read it from the book, but why not try to find based on it? just need to track the gravitational anomalies of the planets and build a chain of systems where these anomalies were)))

Not a big quote - Most Quirium-based hyperdrivers had a limited jump range, but some people supposedly could have created engines to jump over a galaxy or even other galaxies.
Click to expand...

We “don’t know what it is”, so we can’t assume it’s a planet. In any case it was in before Horizons, so even if it is a planet it shouldn’t be landable.

Han _Zen has reminded us often that the early drives (first game? Cant remember that far back!) were capable of 7 ly per week. So round up to 10ly per week to allow at least some improvement with time. That gives around 500ly per year of travel and a deep space exploration trip such as Jason Ryder was trying to set up (Holdstock’s The Dark Wheel) could be, say 2 to 4 years each leg. That means Raxxla could be inside the bubble, or it could be up to 2000 ly out.
Reactions:
PeteACarter and [PS4] Filthymick420