Rudolphus
Mar 29, 2019
#7,079
AzoreanOutkast said:
Let me dive into this "quest" in a light way, and ask u that have spent ages in this, cause some recent events on my travels kinda made me look into this, cause im one to think that there is no coincidences when it comes to certain things.

I have decided to do something close to the bubble, (mapping and exploring expedition), after doing 2 major distance travels of exploration, since in my fairly recent and little time in this game i saw that for the most part, the areas around the bubble are almost not explored at all, since ppl it seens preffer to go on long trips rather than actually knowing 1st what is around us (the bubble) and then move out from that.

And this story is all about finding this mytical place and its secrets and for that we need to dig into whatever data is available but also check all the systems out there.
I read alot about this at work in my downtime and i have huge respect for the ppl that spend this much time in a "virtual quest in a game" such as this one is. I am a old gamer and i spent hours on those adventure games for DOS, that were so interesting but hard, but rewarding when u actually got things done, so this lures me.

All this thargoid activity in and around the bubble has to have a connection at some point to this, is all tied up for sure, in some areas of space, when i get to them the thargoids, are not passive at all, they really come after me! This for me indicates that there is something around those places that they are protecting, or lokking for and dont want us there, MAIA is an area where i see this, and for me it is my starting point in search of answers.

I see the rank system and all this locked areas, some u can open with game events or achievements, others are perma locked but i bet there is a way to unlock those, we just didnt figure it out yet, and many clues or even the answer can be in those.

I have little to no clues or directions to take, but im sure that the more data i collect on systems, the more im helping out ppl like you that are searching for it.

So...
After all this "nonsense" and waste of your time, any pointers or directions on what i should be particularly focused on finding or reporting back to you when im doing this?
Any help appretiated.
Click to expand...
Yes I think that to so I have done my last long trip to Beagle point wanted to have this on my bucket list i'm on myway home