Thatchinho
Aug 28, 2017
#552
Jaiotu said:
What exactly are we looking for?

We assume that Raxxla is somewhere within fairly easy reach of the Bubble, right? I mean ... Jason Ryder apparently discovered it's location way back around the year 3100 when space travel still required the use of the Faraway jump system to travel between the stars. Witchspace was crowded with monitoring satellites, branch lines, stop points, and rescue stations (according to The Dark Wheel novella). Jumping on your own to a system that wasn't a part of the Faraway system was fraught with danger.

Raxxla, therefore, is quite likely in humanity's own backyard.












I assume otherwise.

It's specifically stated in TDW that it's in another galaxy.

Galactic hyperdrives are lore. The only thing that's not clear is whether they actually went to other galaxies or were just large jumps within our galaxy.

The old galaxies actually being part of our galaxies gives a pretty plausible explanation for some of the Permit locked sectors.

The Galactic hyperdrives are considered Quirium drive modifications, so that could be interpreted as ruling out intergalactic jumps in the faraway era, but several points to consider:
- misjumps were common with the Faraway system,
- many ships disappeared completely into witchspace and were never found again following faraway jumps

Only so many options for those ships that never returned:
- Destroyed
- Still in witchspace
- Back in normal space somewhere

Also prototypes of the Quirium and intergalactic drives would almost certainly have been around and in operation for a good time before they became standard.

Also the Quirium drives were supposedly derived from Thargoid tech so there's no telling how much of that tech was already being used in secret prior to Quirium drives becoming standard.

And I'm not even going to get into time-jumps.

All in all, I can't see any reason to discount the only statement that we have about the location of Raxxla. (With the amendment that 'other galaxies' may have just been distant parts of our galaxy.)
Last edited: Aug 28, 2017