Jorki Rasalas
Aug 28, 2017
#542
Scytale Tleilaxu said:
Due to my 'teribble Englich' I am not sure if I understand correctly what MB insinuates in this interview. I mean, would he have used the words "personal journey" if Raxxla was a simple stellar body somewhere fixed, which anybody could jump upon randomly? The following sentence he says then, which I cant understand a single word due to his...gorgeous beard, may also be interesting to analyze.

SPOILER

Also, DB's ...and we know where it is. It is.
Doesn't that overthrow the idea of a 'wandering planet' ?

My excellent British fellow threaders could put me out of doubt....

As a native English speaker (albeit from 'oop North') "It is" doesn't discount a wandering planet, it could just imply that FD would always know where it is located; however since the wandering planet hypothesis seems to come from the Oolite books which are not canon, then this hypothesis is very weak & I suspect not viable.

the sound quality at the start of that stream is not good, but I think MB did confirm Raxxla "is in the Milky Way" (which seems to discount the witchspace hypothesis), "no clues forthcoming at this stage" (i.e. some clues might be given sometime in the future, and might be why the Elite Dark Wheel missions stopped), and "it is a personal journey that everyone must make"; this last bit is interesting, it clearly could relate to a player's progress in the game and the stream host hypothesises this means triple elite is required before Raxxla could be found. That may be the case, or perhaps only single elite status? There is only one system we (currently) know of that is locked to Elite pilots, so this seems to lend weight to the hypothesis that Raxxla is related to Shinrarta Dehzra. There may of course be other interpretations, e.g. Raxxla is not related to SD but is permit locked to Elite (or lies across the galaxy, or you need to have travelled X ly before it is unlocked, or ....) and located elsewhere in the Milky Way.
Last edited: Aug 28, 2017
Reactions:
madbilly, Macros Black and Scytale