Noobilite
Feb 14, 2020
#15,210
Rochester said:
The Reasonable Shepherds hath eyes to see; snakes, snakes and big scary dragons!
Here be the ramblings of Cmdr Rochester spiralling in the belly of the beast.

View attachment 162182

Recently in previous posts I had attributed Phillip Sidney’s - 'The Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia' to Frontier Developments Raxxla Codex, due to a number of similarities not so apparent in his other work 'Astrophil and Stella'.

From that point on I've been looking for other connections which might support this, and now I am more inclined than ever before to believe that whoever wrote the Codex may have indeed been 'influenced' more so by the 'Arcadia' than over 'Stella'. So I'm submitting these insights (many of which other Cmdrs have touched upon before) for your consideration, confirmation or correction.

Writers write what they know - so what brought Frontier Developments to Philip Sidney? That's where I began my journey, not to try and find Raxxla nor entangle it into the mystery of the Codex but to try and uncover any clue as to how the writers may have first arrived at Philip Sidney?

The word Astrophil was invented by Sir Philip Sidney that much is certain. So its use in the Codex is pretty suspicious. If that is not a direct clue, then it could only be poetic license, but considering Astrophil is very specific leads one that it must be an obvious clue, what could have led FD here? Is there a real life situation which influenced them, or is it completely arbitrary... we may never know, although to attribute a word created by a 15th century poet to a space game set far into the future does seem very peculiar.

However maybe not, not if your a writer of fiction, such as MB. Philip Sidney has a lot of contemporary connections not least Shakespeare or John Dee.

So my thinking began from this, if true, it could have been a personal influence, something the writer encountered or adapted or was inspired by, but what could have inspired them?

So with nothing better to do and no real clues in any sense of the word I decided to go down this particular rabbit hole... there being no other laying about. So come hither and I'll tell yee me tale of woe.



1: 'Astrophil' is the male alias of Phillip Sidney. A unique word created by him derived from the two Greek words, 'aster' (star) and 'phil' (lover), and the Latin word 'stella' meaning star... But why the feminine, 'Princess Astrophil' within the Codex?

Mary Sidney - Philips younger sister by 8 years, was prodigious and a publisher herself. She may even have co-written at least one of P. Sidney’s books (the Arcadia), and her family are partly responsible for funding / launch Shakespeare’s career, and if you believe the rumours she was the true Swan of Avon. She certainly edited and published her brothers 'new arcadia' following his early death and it’s my supposition that it is Mary that Frontier Development are actually alluding to in the feminine =

2: One work of Philip Sidney’s which was directly intended for his sister was the 'trifle' - 'The Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia'. Written for his 'little sister', Mary Sidney the Countess of Pembrokeshire =

4: A certain scene within Phillip Sidney’s 'Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia' holds, a "striking resemblance" to that of an arcane mystery called the 'Oak Island mystery'. Where in both there’s a pirates hoard found under an 'oak tree' with a very specific burial method. =



5: This Oak Island is located in Nova Scotia, an alternate name for Nova Scotia is Acadia which is a shortening of Arcadia (A typical name at that time used by explorers of the age for new lands). =



6: Frontier Development had an office in Nova Scotia. It closed in 2015. It developed the game 'Planet Coaster'.

7: There is a level within Planet Coaster based in 'Oak Island'. Not actually that surprising given its office was in Nova Scotia and Oak Island would be a prominent fixture in the local history.

8: Another phrase to describe 'Arcadia' is:

9: MBs favourite book is 'Paradise Lost'. MB also wrote a book concerning Tau Ceti, another reference also mentioned within the Codex (long stretch here I know).

These last associations struck me all as very peculiar (and I asked myself the question / which I can’t answer) did MB work on Planet Coaster, and if so when. Did he or another FD employee / team learn of the Oak Island Mystery, and if so was this the basis for incorporating the reference of Philip Sidney’s Arcadia into the Codex?

Now before we move on I am very aware of interpretational bias, and coincidences happen, so we do need to keep an open mind that all this is because, we have and importantly . But there is a relationship, there's at least 'reasonable suspicion'.

This is of course totally subjective and I leave it there, but my assessment, based on the above alone is that Arcadia is more likely than not the source material for the Codex and not Astrophil and Stella.

What it could all mean is any bodies guess, whether the Codex is just a series of clues pointing to a name in a book, or a coded cross-word puzzle, but who can tell...

Below are some more hypothesis, which currently cannot be substantiated one way or the other but which may support my proposal for 'The Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia', but more likely not as, if you stare too much at 15th century poetry, everything soon starts to seem relevant.

10: The Oracle of Delphi exists within this text of the Arcadia, not surprising given that P. Sidney's main thang was for Greek mythology. One of the characters of Arcadia visit this Oracle at 'Delos' and later their family sing a hyme to Apollo at the end of book two (Apollo killed Python).

Most accounts describe the Omphalos stone of Delphi as being situated by the 'Pythia' named after 'Python' who guarded the stone after it had been vomited up by Cronos.

Intoxicating vapours, were thought to have been inhaled by the oracle which drifted up, emanated from a crack in the ground (rift) where Python / Pytho was slayed by Apollo (coins have been located which depict a serpent wound around the Omphalos or sat upon by Apollo).



12: The 'Arcadia' is in essence a Greek tragedy or farce, and it revolves around a love triangle and of mistaken identity. There is a significant murder of a parent, and a fair amount of romance =

13: The island is seemingly populated by wandering shepherds and pirates. One of these key characters disguises themselves as a travelling shepherd, so he can get closer to his loves desire, travelling shepherds have in the past also been called vagabonds =

14: The shepherd’s heart’s desire is a 'Pamela' - Pamella or Pamela. A feminine name meaning "all black; all sweetness, honey" derived from the old Greek Pammelas, of the elements pan ("all, every") and melas ("black, dark"), or else the second element could have been meli ("bee, honey").

15: The aforementioned 'pirates stash' is supposedly held under an oak tree, this story, told by one character Demetrius, is actually a ruse to distract an Dametas, although there is no indication of it being a direct lie. Simply that there was a stash and someone had already began excavation. The treasure supposedly belonged to an 'Aristomenes' (a returning hero of the Messenian War against Sparta, a literary reference to valour) who buried a large quantity of treasure beneath said oak tree.



There is a Donar's Oak Station at Delphi in Elite Dangerous. A sacred tree or grove venerated in Germanic paganism, which has a close relationship to the 'world tree' / Yggdrasil.




Certain parts of Yggdrasil appear within game. Most interestingly the dragon (serpent) Níðhöggr who sat at the base of the world tree. And that location is in game, as the planet named Nidhogg, in a permit locked system.

In Greek/Roman culture the oak tree had been closely associated with the axi-mundi stemming possibly from Germanic influences.




World tree or pillars have a long historical association with the pole star. A ladder to the heavens or a knowledge tree of sorts.



The constellation Draco once encompassed the Usar Minor and Major constellations (as its wings) and was said to encircle the tree of knowledge and is associated with the dragon 'Ladon' who guarded the golden apples in the garden of Hesperides.

The Celestial Compass / Masonic Compass could also be said to point to the Occult north, hidden some say at the heart / stomach of Draco!

And some 4,000 years ago Thuban (alpha Draconis) was the Pole...

Within Philip Sidney's 'Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia' the dragon 'Ladon' is mentioned. "My humble suit, while this dragon sleeps that guards the golden fruit".

Maia - `grandmother', `mother', `nurse'; `the great one' was the eldest and most beautiful of the seven sisters; and also mountain nymph in 'Arcadia'. Seduced by Zeus and gave birth to Hermes. Later became foster-mother to 'Arcas', son of Zeus and Callisto, during the period while Callisto was a bear, and before she and Arcas were placed in the heavens by Zeus (she as Ursa Major, he as either Boötes or Ursa Minor).

Arcas another wording for Arcadia is in Ursa Minor (pole star in its tail).



At the start of book 3 of 'Arcadia' following the hyme to Apollo, there is a dance worth mentioning, performed by several 'Reasonable Shepherds'.

"Seven shepherds (which were named the Reasonable shepherds) joined themselves; 4 of them making a square, and the other".

Then there is a song in which the following familiar line appears:

I know it’s a long stretch but I couldn't resist it.

And this is where I'm currently floating...in the stomach of Draco... I have been to Nidhogg, but it is a dull place.
Click to expand...
So, when they find the pit on oak island it will have a message from braben saying, "Sorry chaps. Needed funds. Building a roller coaster!"
Reactions:
Rochester, simulacrae and Machina Ergo Sum