Rochester
Feb 14, 2020
#15,208
The Reasonable Shepherds hath eyes to see; snakes, snakes and big scary dragons!
Here be the ramblings of Cmdr Rochester spiralling in the belly of the beast (edited ).



Recently in previous posts I had attributed Phillip Sidney’s - 'The Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia' to Frontier Developments Raxxla Codex, due to a number of similarities not so apparent in his other work 'Astrophil and Stella'.

From that point on I've been looking for other connections which might support this, and now I am more inclined than ever before to believe that whoever wrote the Codex may have indeed been 'influenced' more so by the 'Arcadia' than over 'Stella'. So I'm submitting these insights (many of which other Cmdrs have touched upon before) for your consideration, confirmation or correction.

Writers write what they know - so what brought Frontier Developments to Philip Sidney? That's where I began my journey, not to try and find Raxxla nor entangle it into the mystery of the Codex but to try and uncover any clue as to how the writers may have first arrived at Philip Sidney?

The word Astrophil was invented by Sir Philip Sidney that much is certain. So its use in the Codex is pretty suspicious. If that is not a direct clue, then it could only be poetic license, but considering Astrophil is very specific leads one that it must be an obvious clue, what could have led FD here? Is there a real life situation which influenced them, or is it completely arbitrary... we may never know, although to attribute a word created by a 15th century poet to a space game set far into the future does seem very peculiar.

However maybe not, not if your a writer of fiction, such as MB. Philip Sidney has a lot of contemporary connections not least Shakespeare or John Dee.

So my thinking began from this, if true, it could have been a personal influence, something the writer encountered or adapted or was inspired by, but what could have inspired them?

So with nothing better to do and no real clues in any sense of the word I decided to go down this particular rabbit hole... there being no other laying about. So come hither and I'll tell yee me tale of woe.

Here be dragons, and a fair few rolls of tinfoil.

1: 'Astrophil' is the male alias of Phillip Sidney. A unique word created by him derived from the two Greek words, 'aster' (star) and 'phil' (lover)... But why the feminine, 'Princess Astrophil' within the Codex?

Astrophel vs. Astrophil
Astrophel and Stella - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

Mary Sidney - Philips younger sister by 8 years, was prodigious and a publisher herself. She may even have co-written at least one of P. Sidney’s books (the Arcadia), and her family are partly responsible for funding / launch Shakespeare’s career, and if you believe the rumours she was the true Swan of Avon. She certainly edited and published her brothers 'new arcadia' following his early death and it’s my supposition that it is Mary that Frontier Development are actually alluding to in the feminine = "Princess Astrolphil" = Mary Sidney.

2: One work of Philip Sidney’s which was directly intended for his sister was the 'trifle' - 'The Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia'. Written for his 'little sister', Mary Sidney the Countess of Pembrokeshire = "A children’s story".

4: A certain scene within Phillip Sidney’s 'Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia' holds, a "striking resemblance" to that of an arcane mystery called the 'Oak Island mystery'. Where in both there’s a pirates hoard found under an 'oak tree' with a very specific burial method. = "Striking resemblance", "Pirates stash" and "myth".

Link: The story of Oak Island and Arcadia

5: This Oak Island is located in Nova Scotia, an alternate name for Nova Scotia is Acadia which is a shortening of Arcadia (A typical name at that time used by explorers of the age for new lands).

'Arcadia' was also edited and amended by the first Governor of Scottish Nova Scotia Sir William Alexander of Stirling = Arcadia / Acadia / Nova Scotia

And here is where there’s a peculiar coincidence that's fuelling my interest.

6: Frontier Development had an office in Nova Scotia. It closed in 2015. It developed the game 'Planet Coaster'.

7: There is a level within Planet Coaster based in 'Oak Island'. Not actually that surprising given its office was in Nova Scotia and Oak Island would be a prominent fixture in the local history.

8: Another phrase to describe 'Arcadia' is: "Arcadia, a paradise lost".

9: MBs favourite story is 'Paradise Lost'. MB also wrote a story concerning Tau Ceti, another reference also mentioned within the Codex (long stretch here I know).

Milton was also a contemporary of Sidney, and although the two might not have seen eye to eye, he admired his work, both Arcadia and Paradise Lost are 'Pastoral ' works and utilise many simular themes.

Paradise lost
Paradise Lost - The greatest story ever told
A blog about my explorations in writing and art - with the occasional side order of fries and philosophy.
thecultofme.blogspot.com

Cult of me - Tau Ceti and Sun Dragons
Tau Ceti Mission - 00:00:19 - Seeing Home
A blog about my explorations in writing and art - with the occasional side order of fries and philosophy.
thecultofme.blogspot.com

These last associations struck me all as very peculiar (and I asked myself the question / which I can’t answer) did MB work on Planet Coaster, and if so when. Did he or another FD employee / team learn of the Oak Island Mystery, and if so was this the basis for incorporating the reference of Philip Sidney’s Arcadia into the Codex?

Now before we move on I am very aware of interpretational bias, and coincidences happen, so we do need to keep an open mind that all this is 100% total tinfoiling because, we have no real clues and importantly no solid information. But there is a relationship, there's at least 'reasonable suspicion'.

This is of course totally subjective and I leave it there, but my assessment, based on the above alone is that Arcadia is more likely than not the source material for the Codex and not Astrophil and Stella.

What it could all mean is any bodies guess, whether the Codex is just a series of clues pointing to a name in a book, or a coded cross-word puzzle, but who can tell...

Below are some more hypothesis, which currently cannot be substantiated one way or the other but which may support my proposal for 'The Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia', but more likely not as, if you stare too much at 15th century poetry, everything soon starts to seem relevant.

10: The Oracle of Delphi exists within this text of the Arcadia, not surprising given that P. Sidney's main thang was for Greek mythology. One of the characters of Arcadia visit this Oracle at 'Delos' and later their family sing a hyme to Apollo at the end of book two (Apollo killed Python).

Most accounts describe the Omphalos stone of Delphi as being situated by the 'Pythia' named after 'Python' who guarded the stone after it had been vomited up by Cronos.

Intoxicating vapours, were thought to have been inhaled by the oracle which drifted up, emanated from a crack in the ground (rift) where Python / Pytho was slayed by Apollo (coins have been located which depict a serpent wound around the Omphalos or sat upon by Apollo).

Xenoclea (Ancient Greek: Ξενόκλεια), who appears as a character in the legend of Hercules, was the Pythia, or priestess and oracle, of the temple of Apollo at Delphi.

Link: Wikipedia - Python Mythology

12: The 'Arcadia' is in essence a Greek tragedy or farce, and it revolves around a love triangle and of mistaken identity. There is a significant murder of a parent, and a fair amount of romance = "Grief / Woe"

13: The island is seemingly populated by wandering shepherds and pirates. One of these key characters disguises themselves as a travelling shepherd, so he can get closer to his loves desire, travelling shepherds / pirates have in the past also been called vagabonds = "Vagabonds heart"

14: The shepherd’s heart’s desire is a 'Pamela' - Pamella or Pamela. A feminine name meaning "all black; all sweetness, honey" derived from the old Greek Pammelas, of the elements pan ("all, every") and melas ("black, dark"), or else the second element could have been meli ("bee, honey").

15: The aforementioned 'pirates stash' is supposedly held under an oak tree, this story, told by one character Demetrius, is actually a ruse to distract an Dametas, although there is no indication of it being a direct lie. Simply that there was a stash and someone had already began excavation. The treasure supposedly belonged to an 'Aristomenes' (a returning hero of the Messenian War against Sparta, a literary reference to valour) who buried a large quantity of treasure beneath said oak tree.

Is the oak tree another element influential in the mythology of Raxxla? The great oak attributed to the Odin / Thor gods, Yggdrasil etc…?

16. Another example of unreqented love withon the Arcadia is the subject of two shepherds, "Ye Goatherd Gods" which tells of the woes of two shepherds 'Strephon' and 'Klaius' who come to the shores of Laconia / Lacedaemon and who lament their love for the same woman named 'Urania' who has now left Arcadia for the shores of Cythera. Urania is the muse of astronomy.

Urania (Uranya as a variant form) (/jʊəˈreɪniə/; Ancient Greek: Οὐρανία, Ourania; meaning "heavenly" or "of heaven") was, in Greek mythology, the muse of astronomy.

Short names; Rania, Ranya (Ράνια; Greek)

Urania - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org
.

But why is this important?

Ye Goatherd Gods | Encyclopedia.com
Ye Goatherd GodsSIR PHILIP SIDNEY 1593 Source for information on Ye Goatherd Gods: Poetry for Students dictionary.
www.encyclopedia.com
Song of the spheres and the eight muses

Urania is also attributed to the 'Song of the spheres', the eighth muse of the eighth sphere, the star-bearer, situated above the seven planetary spheres.

Chiastic Designs in English Literature from Sidney to Shakespeare
Paying special attention to Sidney's Arcadia, Spenser's Faerie Queene, and Shakespeare's romances, this study engages in sustained examination of chiasmus in early modern English literature. The author's approach leads to the recovery of hidden designs which are shown to animate important works...
books.google.co.uk

The Divine Comedy of Dante Alighieri
In the early 1300s, Dante Alighieri set out to write the three volumes which make the up The Divine Comedy. Purgatorio is the second volume in this set and opens with Dante the poet picturing Dante the pilgrim coming out of the pit of hell. Similar to the Inferno (34 cantos), this volume is...
books.google.co.uk

And during the Renaissance, Urania was used as the muse in Milton's 'Paradise Lost' - books 7 and 9 where Milton invokes Urania to aid his narration of the creation of the cosmos.

Within 'Arcadia' contextualisation has alluded that Urania is possibly one of the central themes of 'Arcadia', and that Urania is linked to Astraia and of Virgo.

Ye Goatherd Gods | Encyclopedia.com
Ye Goatherd GodsSIR PHILIP SIDNEY 1593 Source for information on Ye Goatherd Gods: Poetry for Students dictionary.
www.encyclopedia.com

ASTRAIA (Astraea) was the virgin-goddess of justice. During the Golden Age she dwelt upon the earth with mankind but was driven away by the increasing lawlessness of the subsequent Bronze Age. Zeus then set her amongst the stars as the constellation Virgo.

Is Raxxla in Virgo?

Urania as the Vagabond Spirit of Poetry

Is the oak of any significance?

There is a Donar's Oak Station at Delphi in Elite Dangerous. A sacred tree or grove venerated in Germanic paganism, which has a close relationship to the 'world tree' / Yggdrasil.

That Yggdrasil T-Shirt!
https://player.twitch.tv/?volume=0.8&video=v66487974&time=1h40m30s

Certain parts of Yggdrasil appear within game. Most interestingly the dragon (serpent) Níðhöggr who sat at the base of the world tree. And that location is in game, as the planet named Nidhogg, in a permit locked system.

In Greek/Roman culture the oak tree had been closely associated with the axi-mundi stemming possibly from Germanic influences.

Link: The Sacred Tree: Ancient and Medieval Manifestations
Link: Wikipedia - World Tree

World tree or pillars have a long historical association with the pole star. A ladder to the heavens or a knowledge tree of sorts.

Draco the dragon of the occult north.

The constellation Draco once encompassed the Ursa Minor and Major constellations (as its wings) and was said to encircle the tree of knowledge and is associated with the dragon 'Ladon' who guarded the golden apples in the garden of Hesperides.

The Celestial Compass / Masonic Compass could also be said to point to the Occult north, hidden some say at the heart / stomach of Draco!

And some 4,000 years ago Thuban (alpha Draconis) was the Pole...

Within Philip Sidney's 'Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia' the dragon 'Ladon' is mentioned. "My humble suit, while this dragon sleeps that guards the golden fruit".

Maia - `grandmother', `mother', `nurse'; `the great one' was the eldest and most beautiful of the seven sisters; and also mountain nymph in 'Arcadia'. Seduced by Zeus and gave birth to Hermes. Later became foster-mother to 'Arcas', son of Zeus and Callisto, during the period while Callisto was a bear, and before she and Arcas were placed in the heavens by Zeus (she as Ursa Major, he as either Boötes or Ursa Minor).

Arcas another wording for Arcadia is in Ursa Minor (pole star in its tail).

The Hesperides is the tree or a grove of Hera - the mother of the galaxy: The drops of her spurting milk created the Milky Way.

She had a temple at Delos.

Seven Hesperides sisters are associated with the constellation now more familiar as Ursa Minor, the Little Bear. (Ursa Major, the Great Bear, was associated with Hera’s apple tree.) The Hesperides are also associated with the wing of the constellation Draco, which is identified with Ladon, the dragon.

Again Draco raising her head again!

At the start of book 3 of 'Arcadia' following the hyme to Apollo, there is a dance worth mentioning, performed by several 'Reasonable Shepherds'.

"Seven shepherds (which were named the Reasonable shepherds) joined themselves; 4 of them making a square, and the other".

Then there is a song in which the following familiar line appears: "Reason hath 'eyes to see' his own ill case"

I know it’s a long stretch but I couldn't resist it.

And this is where I'm currently floating...in the stomach of Draco... I have been to Nidhogg, but it is a dull place, this is of course all totally tin-foiled.

By the way. John Milton was blind…!
Last edited: Mar 25, 2023
Reactions:
Killerskullmk, clavain, [PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99 and 13 others