Rochester
Mar 12, 2022
#25,628
Jorki Rasalas said:
OK
so how do I see/detect these comets?
Ive just arrived in Shinrarta, honked & FSSd, and they are not showing in my journal file!!


Mmm, I see from the journal file all the Tourist Beacon title spellings of Pilots Federation have been corrected. Was it all too obvious???
Might visit them to check spelling in the contents. There's got to be some clue in SD!
Who knows?

Experience tells that people are complacent, and in a work environment especially with matrix working, high turn over of staff who may be in the role only for a short period of time or of various ages…you can’t truly rely on what is printed…(unless it’s directly official legislation)…

People get things wrong, when I raised certain questions I got the usual - working as intended etc… you press a little more gently, use the correct phrase and you can almost imagine that person turn to their line manager for clarification… then reply differently, because they don’t really know themselves?

AT in the Pilot interview did state even he was not fully aware of historical content, so there is likely tonnes of stuff in game which is broken, or are dead-ends!

What I’m trying to say but probably not too well due to too much coffee is, I don’t really think we can trust what FD say from one moment to the next; not because of ineptitude, just that maybe some of the things we’re finding are broken…

FD may just not want to confirm how broken it really is, or maybe it’s SO obscure it’s not really worth them looking?

I can’t find that original ticket, it was so long ago, but I never ‘pressed’ them on it. But it was essentially: there are various spellings of this faction in game, gives an example; is this a typo or intentional? They simply said something along the lines of spellings were correct in game…

Now one could press upon that… maybe they didn’t look closely enough… if you’re findings show the spellings have altered I’d raise that as a ticket and provide evidence to show that different spellings were used historically but have since changed…

It’s a 7 year old game after all by a relatively medium sized business; sure one of the developers was a ‘writer’ but by external reviews and their own admission not an academic, I think we can expect a certain level of general error here and there…

Still it might be worth highlighting if there has been a change in the spellings, but do provide FD some context otherwise you may just get the cold shoulder.
Last edited: Mar 12, 2022
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard