CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 25, 2023
#29,040
Louis Calvert said:
This, to me, seems to heavily correlate to what we know of the Pilot's Federation information from Shinrarta beacons: Bounties, ship equipment, vast secret influence, etc. Seems to confirm that at least one member of The Club is highly-placed the Pilot's Federation and funding flows from the PF to the Club. Also Galnet is controlled and owned by the PF, so when Society here talks about CGs here, that's significant
There is a shell corporation in First Encounters called J-Corp that the funding went through - details are as follows:

J-Corp

J-Corp is one of the mysteries of the corporate universe. It doesn't seem to do anything on the surface, and has been investigated a considerable number of time by the police, who are convinced that there's something funny going on. Large quantities of money arrive in the J-Corp accounts as cash, and then are broken up into many different investments. Identical quantities leave the main account after a short period, again as cash, and then are paid in as cash to banks run by other corporations. This money then comes out as cash, and is flown by courier to banks which, for some reason, always seem to be in highly unstable systems.

One such courier run was undertaken by a Commander Maharg Jr, and was followed by undercover agents in the employ of the major police forces. The courier went though a large number of systems, heading south. He was doggedly pursued by the agents all the way to Miphize, where the agents were considerably delayed by a large Tri-Alliance raiding party. By the time they landed at York Starport, they had lost track of Maharg, but they were told he was seen heading in the direction of the Bank of Miphize. They set off hot foot for the bank, only to witness a spectacular explosion as the Bank was hit by a burst of shellfire from the MLA forces who were trying to hit a CPM gunner on the roof. The agents gave up in disgust as the evidence went with the bank, and they returned to report to their employers.

No-one has managed to find out who owns the corporation, and it has been said that the key to finding that out is what the 'J' stands for. It has been suggested that the J stands for Jades, but this has never been proved. It could also stand for Janus, which may mean that J-Corp is an INRA front company. Whatever, the last journalist who tried to investigate in depth met with a quick end at the hands of the pilot of a heavily armed Boa, registered as BB-122.
Click to expand...
Source: I believe this is buried in the manual for First Encounters. Jade's First Encounters site had easily accessible version at https://www.jades.org/whoswho.htm

My best guess is Jaques at this point as it appears he fakes his death at the beginning of Frontier/First Encounters (both ocurr from January 1st, 3200 to December 16th, 3300) while disguised as Peter Jameson and then makes a hasty exit from the Bubble to Colonia. If I ever get my hands on Jaques, he is being jettisoned whilst the ship is in supercruise.

Note: I believe there is a Janus Incorporated faction or something similar in Elite Dangerous. Oh, how cute, they are even based in Delphi system ( https://inara.cz/elite/minorfaction/76569/ ).
Attachments
AFriend_EliteDangerous-1.pdf
1.7 MB · Views: 124
AFriend_FirstEncounters.pdf
36.5 KB · Views: 77
AFriend_Frontiers.pdf
25.4 KB · Views: 107
Last edited: Jan 25, 2023