Q GT70
Q
Jan 25, 2023
#29,036
your theory is very old and most likely wrong and irrelevant.
it is a time travel twist, it is possible...but does it matter? We are here, this point in time.
Many moons ago I thought the guardians being into biology and peaceniks with nature etc...and that maybe that was the key to how the Thargoids came about, long story, the thread is buried somewhere.
made little sense when I originally typed it, even less sense now.
But fighting an eternal war between themselves thanks to history repeating itself...and neither side realising the past is the future
not new either, The Doctor has been to this place, there are at least 2 Doctor Who stories that are this....

love the way excitement melts some people.

fwiw, technitium and other mats we know, tend to spread around the galaxy via meteorites, hence the whole farming of mats by shooting at meteorites...
from that alone, my take on anything in maps about stars and planetary(heavenly bodies) materials is 100% meaningless and has been since day 1.
any other take on this is a waste of time, reality vs lore.

as for that and then this temperature thing...yes, another person said it too...
we live and we travel in space.
so do Thargoids
ships keep us warm and air around us.

from what I see, Thargoids have not changed too much and the insects they are, live and fly where they want to.
lore is meaningless in all this.
they have weapons that generate toxicity, electricity, heat, other fun things...
we can hit them with heat or electricity, etc...they seem to like it....

they are cockroaches that evolved into very big space faring cockroaches, as such they can live in a ketchup bottle, in soup, probably bathe once a decade in certain stars.....
We DON"T Know squat about squat, except they are very adaptable Insects, seeming intelligent, a really bad mix.

focusing on clues in lore that are made totally useless from daily interaction is a lack of focus imo.
like trying to point out to the world why red dye #4 is unhealthy, when it is 1000 years after and everything is red. pointless.

everyone's theory is good, as long as they like it and they check it out.

there are days when all I see are the guys sticking post-its to monitors.


then a big one, the changes to absolutely everything, between Odyssey and Horizons is soo great and so messed up, that any planetary info seems to be totally useless, wrong, handwavium.
And even if any theory regarding any is correct, the devs have made such a joke out of materials, I would not expect to find dirt on earth.

Something HUGE would have to happen in order for me to take any space, star, planetary data info serious, or as true.
Because IMO fdev went out of their way to show us words and numbers are 100% meaningless when it comes to materials and where to find them and what percentages exist., not ever once even close to correct, unless we all failed math and only fdev understands depleted and % and moregood, lessgood, etc
I was here for the release of Horizons, when we had no numbers, no words on bodies. just land and drive around and see whats there, then write it down for future reference.
I have a very large notepad file that is just that.


I would suggest that time travel is a thing. Guardians most likely mastered it long ago, and the rumor came from that. why not, just as valid as any other theory.
It is a game, I see no reason why this cannot exist.
TBH, my take on Raxxla is that it is Guardian and that it is Humanity's only hope to survive. and that it IS very much from the Guardians in their safe peaceful future watching us.
If nothing else, it is at least the idea.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian