GURU-951
Apr 4, 2024
#33,769
Jorki Rasalas said:
Yes, weve discussed that before, but "Julia" doesnt feel to me like a clue in the his context.

On the other hand we have both the novel's "book about a young man’s quest to save a princess from an alien dragon” and the Codex's "the children's story Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars"....seems one or both of these is a clue but there are obvious differences between the two. I'm pondering whether the two need to be reconciled to actually generate the real clue. The two phrases appear to be a dichotomy but may be a single clue "for those with eyes to see"

Perhaps it was a "Prince" Astrophel? (googling suggests Astrophel is a boy's name)

Maybe "Astrophel" means astronomer? possibly with royal connections?...Tycho Brahe was "a member of a Danish noble family, but it was not mere lineage that gave Tycho his lasting image. He practised astronomy in a princely manner and on a grand scale."

Or "Princess Astrophel" might mean wife/sister/daughter of an aristocratic astronomer...Sophie/Sophia Thot Lange (née Brahe), Tycho's sister, "was a Danish noblewoman and horticulturalist with knowledge of astronomy, chemistry, and medicine."

Also Astrophel can mean "an unidentified plant, commonly believed to be akin to an aster"

Perhaps "Spiralling Stars" & "alien dragon" are linked/substitution?? Draco constellation??

Need more coffee!!! I feel as though I'm missing something here!

Edits
Sophie Brahe assisted with a set of observations on 11 November 1572, which led to the discovery of the supernova SN 1572-B Cas/ Tycho's supernova (don't think in-game).
There's a system Tycho but a way out of the bubble
Click to expand...
I've thought about your observations on the idea of rescuing a princess for a while now.

It makes me think of FF Andromedae, the home of the only planetary prison in the entire game. It's Andromeda, therefore tied to the Princesses.

Grothendieck is also found in Shin Dez as one of the seven PF owned assets in game.

Last edited: Apr 4, 2024