CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 5, 2024
#33,778
Okay, going to throw it out there. In the Frontier gazateer in the entry for Quphieth, it is revealed over time the reports sent to Earth became less accurate due to mental deterioration. This is actually the 2nd visit of Alioth by Augustus Brenquith based on Donaldson starport but the report is filed under the Imperial's name for the system. The background on Augustus Brenquith there was necessary for the next part. The Frontier gazateer states Zearla is nearby Enaness. As you'll see the mental deterioration is evident as it mentions Nemesis. Notably, Exbeur is the mining colony in addition to being New Australia.

Zearla

The Zearla system is home base for the vast majority of the miners who work the nearby worlds and systems in this sector of space. The city of Jeffries on Fraser houses the head office of Wreaken Construction and Mining, the most prosperous of the independent mining and development companies which work at the edge of the Federation. Employing over a quarter of a million full time staff and owning sole mineral rights to some forty nine planets, the Wreaken company can be found throughout most of the frontier and Federation Worlds.

With such a concentration of mining interests on Fraser it is not surprising that there are a large number of starports, all offering excellent repair facilities to miners and traders alike. Whatever facilities are not provided at one of the Fraser bases can almost certainly be acquired at nearby Andceeth. The Earth like world of Charles Colony. orbiting Enaness is also nearby, but its rigourous communist principles deter many casual visitors.

The Zearla system is well developed, from the smelting planet of Jameson’s Wreck; named after the unfortunate Naomi Jameson who crashed while chasing a metal rich comet towards the star but survived for three days before being rescued, to Leetown, on cooperworld, the seventh planet. The only solid world between Jameson’ s Wreck and cooperworld not to boast a permanent settlement of some type is Zearla 2, locally known as Nemesis, which has no mineral wealth to speak of and whose crust contains sizeable fractions of volatiles.

The surface of Nemesis is unstable and six attempts to establish bases on the planet have ended in disaster. The number of lives lost trying to populate this inhospitable world is over one hundred, despite the best efforts of standby rescue teams. The local miners use the planets name as a powerful curse and the more superstitious will even climb out of its orbital plane to avoid the taint of its path!
Click to expand...

What I am proposing is this was instead supposed to be an entry for Zeaex as Nemesis would be the landable Zeaex 2 (surface temperature 1,057 K (784°C/1,443°F)). Zearla doesn't fit nearly as well and there are no Wreck planets. Zeaex does have them and it's 38.46 LY from Sol.

There's also this entry from FFE journals that may relate to erroneous gazetteer for Zearla (probably Zeaex):

ANCIENT AIRPLANES FOUND ON JAMESON’S ROCK
J.F.

Back on Earth they used to say how strange the world was. Well, folks, now we can reveal that the galaxy is even stranger than they imagined. Were Fungle, the greatest living explorer, has brought back news of a bunch of twentieth century flying machines in the deserts of Jameson’s Rock (Zemien)in the far southern sector. “These cabs were so old they couldn’t even get into orbit and here they were 45 light years away from Sol with not a scratch on them. They must have slipped through a time warp,” said the intrepid explorer in an exclusive interview with your reporter who tracked him down to the exclusive Artemis bar on Home (also in Zemien). We think someone should go and have a good look at this discovery pretty pronto.

Enaness' 4th planet was supposed to be home to a space-faring civilization.

Nearby systems to Zeaex: https://inara.cz/elite/nearest-star...0&pi7=0&pi1=0&pi23=0&pi6=0&pi26=0&ps3=&pi24=0
Last edited: Apr 5, 2024