CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 4, 2024
#33,772
Jorki Rasalas said:
I'm pondering whether the logo is an instruction on what to do to find/activate Raxxla/Omphalos.
The central circle and dot could be targeting reticle, and I think I remember the three arcs being the reticle for ship beam laser in the early days (can anyone confirm that?). It would fit ED's palette of interaction tools! however what could it be shooting at? I thought maybe a cargo container (specifically Trinkets of Hidden Fortune), in a dodecahedral station, but I've got three TOHF in the hold and dropped one to check - they're octagonal not hexagonal. Any hexagonal objects??
Standard cargo containers have the same exact shape as the Raxxla logo.
Rochester said:
Just updated my Empyrean hypothesis with - Jotnar, associated with the realm of the ‘other’ also known as Mount Jotnar in relation to the tale of Heimdall, which sat on what was described as the edge of heaven.

Heimdall (not in game), lived in Himinbjǫrg "heaven's castle" and he also guarded the Bifrost, it has one station called Crown.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10343060
FYI: Bifrost is a Sudarsky Class III gas giant in Alioth in addition to being a system. The station Golden Gate is a Coriolis that orbits near to Bifrost. There is also a Bilfrost system in Alliance territory. Bilfrost is an alternative name for the Bifrost bridge.

Heimdall may be under another name. From Wikipedia:

Names and etymology

The etymology of the name is obscure, but 'the one who illuminates the world' has been proposed. Heimdallr may be connected to Mardöll, one of Freyja's names. Heimdallr and its variants are usually anglicized as Heimdall (/ˈheɪmdɑːl/; with the nominative -r dropped). Heimdall is attested as having three other names; Hallinskiði, Gullintanni, and Vindlér or Vindhlér. The name Hallinskiði is obscure, but has resulted in a series of attempts at deciphering it. Gullintanni literally means 'the one with the golden teeth'. Vindlér (or Vindhlér) translates as either 'the one protecting against the wind' or 'wind-sea'. All three have resulted in numerous theories about the god.

Bifröst - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

Heimdall - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org
Last edited: Apr 4, 2024
Reactions:
Rochester and GURU-951