Louis Calvert
Dec 17, 2024
#35,620
Ozric said:
As Nezzie has been in touch with me about Pareco and I see this is the reason for the contact I've been reading through and thought I should correct this (or perhaps make it clearer is more accurate).

Comets are 100% in the game, they do exist and are modelled accurately by the Stellar Forge. There is just no visual representation of them.
This is taking my comment out of context since I did also offer the full explanation literally one line below.

I'll repost my post here so can you re-read it

Louis Calvert said:
Short: Comets do not exist in game.

Long: There's a 'placeholder' that appears in-game for comets because they were originally planned to be in game. When Fdev ran stellar forge to create the galaxy procedurally, it therefore created the "space" for the comets, but they were never, have never, maybe will never, be present in game in any form other that the 'data trail' left by that galaxy generation over a decade ago.

There's ton of info on this on the forums if you use the search function, you'll be able to find people that have been able to "orbit" a 'comet', and there's literally nothing there at all.

They don't show up on scanners, aren't present in the lore and aren't discoverable in any way that counts (unless you count data dumps and the abovementioned effects). Fdev even corrected Tau Ceti's comet so the station didn't orbit it - presumably because in some systems they can do that, whereas Pareco doesn't have any other bodies so there's no easy fix? Something that's invisible in the game and only is present in the effects it has on things that were generated by Stellar Forge as a consequence of having gravity, by any reasonable definition does not exist in the game, as a short explanation I think it's totally reasonable to say they don't exist (while still offering the full explanation). I think that's fine for a thread about Raxxla.

Brookes in 2015 also agrees:
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/what-is-this.209391/page-3#post-3227240 "The comets only exist as mass at the moment - there are no visuals."