Jorki Rasalas
Dec 17, 2024
#35,618
Rochester said:
O7 I think that’s key towards understanding the temporal nature of the ‘initial’ quest towards Raxxla.

My intuition would allow me to suspect, FD did have an alternative perspective before the great unwashed began to vote with grind.

Initial development concepts prompted by DB were for player co-operation and player vs environment NOT player vs player aggression; which I theorise evolved out of a need of adaptation due to the restrictive game play we were initially provided.

In part a lot of content was promoted in game via station news and Galnet, although I suspect many ignored it, in favour of grind.

Grind I think therefore usurped this, because FD recognised it, then probably nurtured it out of the need to keep the audience happy and engaged…then the Codex arrived, again I still suspect regards Raxxla it was intended to tie up those loose threads abandoned by FD when they removed the DW missions.

Oh and remember, missions relevant to rank were originally to lesser mortalsThen FD nerfed that because players moaned it was unfair…

But yes… much of my theory revolves around there being an initial mission led environmental narrative, and FD herding players into particular avenues via gameplay behaviours…but FD got it wrong because they never told us what to look for and didn’t understand player behaviour; so rather than fix it, or improve their communication, I suspect they just nerfed it. Because ultimately that’s FD MO!

How much of those original environmental systems still exist today I can’t say. But experience tells me those waters have been thoroughly muddied.

When we began, the ED universe was not so cutthroat, it is now filled with so much criminal and mercenary wet work it’s impossible to ‘follow the missions’ nor ‘befriend the small factions’ unless your a killer…

When I moved from PC to Console (out of necessity not choice) I had the opportunity to start over, and so I did attempt to follow the missions, however I was always presented with kill orders and wet work outside my ships pentameters, so I couldn’t go there or here…

Personally I think FD nerfed them… but there probably are bugs and gravestones here and there which identify them…
Click to expand...
Mm, I think you're neglecting consideration of psychology. Many people are focused on end results, so the steps to get there are "grind"...I'm seeing this explicitly now I've started to get into Odyssey...there are many videos about how to rapidly get materials to upgrade suits and weapons, with a stress on relogging the game to reinstantiate materials in a settlement you've just looted. The alternative viewpoint is that the gameplay to get those materials is the enjoyable part; I think DB et al in game design & development expected the playerbase to be of the second viewpoint, and were a bit taken aback when the majority went for the first.

And I only play in Solo or Private Group because I was griefed on my first flight, before I'd even got the hang of the ship controls (no training then), by a "pirate" grief troll loitering in a plasma accelarator tank outside my starter station..in the real world bullies tend to get their just deserts but they dont in this "simulation", so I refuse to feed their egos. That was back in 2015...things havent got worse, they've always been bad. Yes, there is much cooperation despite that griefing- think of the Fuel Rats, the big expeditions, the cameraderie in this thread, the anti-xeno effort, etc etc. FD may have expected cooperative gameplay, but I suspect they must have played enough MMO games before/during game design to realise what was going to happen. But yes, I'd agree there has been a shift in recent years to much more assassination etc missions; I'm not sure if this is supposed to reflect the mentatlity of a human race locked in a war to the death with implacable aliens, with an increasing level of lawlessness and excess of combat-hardened veterans, or whether FD have just become cynical.

"DB once told us to look at number stations in an interview… maybe not because they had just inserted them, but maybe because they had been there since launch and I suspect players were simply ignoring them, because FD did not understand player behaviour?".... I think it was more that we did not understand the need to deocde them for information, or even that they were decodable. Remember MB had to hint "have you listened to them" aboit the UA/TS...until then we were looking for them but had no idea that information was being encoded in the aural signals; nowadays just about everyone reaches for a spectrum analyser app when something new is found (e.g. latest Titan audio signals)...
I'm still amenable tomthe goid hyperdiction light signals and guardian glyphs likely being decodable.
Last edited: Dec 19, 2024
Reactions:
Cmdr Walt71 and Rochester