Rochester
Dec 17, 2024
#35,615
Ian Doncaster said:
Not just visual - they also don't currently show gravity to get a supercruise slowdown, and don't appear as either Body or NonBody contacts in the journal.


In that respect - and notwithstanding the Support comment - a chain of tip-off missions would certainly take a player around the bubble!

Good point however, contextually didn’t the current chained missions came about much later, at the behest of players; don’t recall them being part of the initial launch?

I suspect DB statement was more in line with emphasising the importance of factions being necessary to that mechanism?

Possible hypothetical example: you go to one system and do a mission that takes you to X system where that faction exists, and then that same faction sends to x system and so on, in so much that the ‘faction’ is the actual enabler of said chain… then I would theories you sort of look about and find ‘stuff’ that’s in that particular area…or are supposed to just fall over it!

But I would also suspect players were simply not seeing that potential ‘stuff’ because they cared more about getting an Anaconda…and it all was not highly promoted nor obvious.

eg DB once told us to look at number stations in an interview… maybe not because they had just inserted them, but maybe because they had been there since launch and maybe players simply were ignoring them, because FD did not understand player behaviour?

Lest not we also forget too the initial set up for exploration was to utilise dark systems (a concept promoted by MB post launch) to find ‘mysteries’ and you found dark systems simply through exploration… eg maybe we were supposed to just fall over these mysteries as we traveled the galaxy, sure OK they nerfed dark systems as a concept, but my suspicion is the ‘behaviour’ remained the same..

eg stuff was just left out there and maybe FD thought we’d just find it all by just engaging with factions and following the missions and finding things as we traveled?

It was evident at launch that players were very fixated on grind; I initially began as an explorer and noticed very early on there were significantly dedicated players who were systematically mapping the galaxy, no one was really looking in the bubble!

My point; I suspect it initially wasn’t supposed to be so complex, just physical?

Oh look Raxxla! Where?

Last edited: Dec 18, 2024