Rochester
Dec 17, 2024
#35,610
Jorki Rasalas said:
I'm starting to get the feeling that we should have investigated much more deeply those DB statements about players not playing the game as they were expected and missions are designed to take you around the bubble...

O7 I think that’s key towards understanding the temporal nature of the ‘initial’ quest towards Raxxla.

My intuition would allow me to suspect, FD did have an alternative perspective before the great unwashed began to vote with grind.

Initial development concepts prompted by DB were for player co-operation and player vs environment NOT solely player vs player aggression; which I theorise evolved out of a need of adaptation due to the restrictive game play we were initially provided.

In part a lot of content was promoted in game via station news and Galnet, although I suspect many ignored it, in favour of grind.

Grind I think therefore usurped this, because FD recognised it, then probably nurtured it out of the need to keep the audience happy and engaged…then the Codex arrived, again I still suspect regards Raxxla it was intended to tie up those loose threads abandoned by FD when they removed the DW missions.

Oh and remember, missions relevant to rank were originally invisible to lesser mortals. Then FD nerfed that because players moaned it was unfair…

But yes… much of my theory revolves around there being an initial mission led environmental narrative, and FD herding players into particular avenues via gameplay behaviours…but FD got it wrong because they never told us what to look for and didn’t understand player behaviour; so rather than fix it, or improve their communication, I suspect they just nerfed it. Because ultimately that’s FD MO!

How much of those original environmental systems still exist today I can’t say. But experience tells me those waters have been thoroughly muddied.

When we began, the ED universe was not so cutthroat, it is now filled with so much criminal and mercenary wet work it’s impossible to ‘follow the missions’ nor ‘befriend the small factions’ unless your a killer…

When I moved from PC to Console (out of necessity not choice) I had the opportunity to start over, and so I did attempt to follow the missions, however I was always presented with kill orders and wet work outside my ships pentameters, so I couldn’t go there or here…

Personally I think FD nerfed them… but there probably are bugs and gravestones here and there which identify them…
Last edited: Dec 18, 2024