Rochester
Jun 16, 2024
#34,226
I think anything can be explained in game, if you so desire to.

My point is, not ‘everything can be’ so the issue is where to expend one’s energy if there isn’t actually anything to resolve?

FD confirmed they inject narrative, eg a Cmdr could theoretically fly through a system scan everything and move on. Two weeks later FD inject a Thargoid base or something?

FD affirmed they have to be really careful not to cause such an aspect; but it establishes the reality ‘content’ and by that logic ‘information’ and ‘context’ were absent prior to that point and as such change by their will - they are essentially the dungeon master, we are not in control.

FD changes things.

Granted FD might have a huge and very well thought out reality, but most of it - we simply don’t see. We could guess but who is to say it’s correct, and likewise FD could well be absorbing concepts and adapting…changing concepts…

I don’t think a ‘granular’ viewpoint will resolve anything. We’ve seen theories postulating many brilliant concepts but wholly they were most all projections, based upon the flimsiest of information- mine own included, but I think we give FD far too much credit.

Like comets, they exist in game, but also they don’t. They obviously help some aspect of the Stella forge, but FD can’t / won’t insert them, probably because the engine can’t build bodies below a certain dimension… so we have magic ‘ghost’ bodies… please don’t get us started about the nonsense behind telepresence- these are all invisible ‘concessions’ and a fictional system of reality to enable the logic of the game to persist.

Please let us recall how Allen Stroud very clearly established how and why some lore was certainly not cannon, and yet some Cmdrs still persist to ignore that insight.

I hope there is such depth. I really do, it gives many Cmdrs some levels of pleasure to engage with, this is after all a game, blaze your own trails, but sometimes we must stop and assess what is / isn’t a practical application of energy.

Case in point the DW missions… FD NEVER admitted these were removed. They ALLOWED customers to engage actions which had ZERO applications in game…. Because as they admitted (granted via an interrogation via customer support) to have REMOVED said content…to have in their word paused that story… the data still persisted historically but had no resolution, FD paused it… granted whatever built fir that probably is still in game, and maybe we can hypothetically identify this, but we should not be so arrogant to state our projections are concrete, in everything there exists a level of probability. I’m fine for Cmdrs to say stars exist in game which are made of diamond, but only if that statement is followed by or is presented with ‘maybe’ - ‘possibly’ - ‘feel’?

If that probability is closer to certain then please explain, but be expectant that even if a theory is 87% probably certain, it still might not be it’s a projection based upon the information available and still has to be reviewed with scepticism.

You cannot trust data on its own merits. This is a fictional universe and it is mailable.
Last edited: Jun 16, 2024
Reactions:
Darrack