Rochester
Jun 14, 2024
#34,223
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Counterpoint: David Braben explicitly called this "dystopian, hard science ficition". That means there is scientific basis for things being the way they are in the game.



See: https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Elite_Universe


Also, a pertinent reminder from the in-game credits. Frontier Developments considers this the 4th game of the Elite series.

Click to expand...

True but David may have said ‘a lot of things’ that never were realised, he also made a fare few direct concrete affirmations that simply never occurred, so apologies if I don’t classify such statements as wholly reliable.

In counterpoint although David talked about the game being ‘based’ upon ‘some’ level of scientific accuracy both he and Michael did likewise admit some aspects were not and of course some were ‘just made up’ for instance to enable us to travel through space - ergo not scientifically accurate, The developers use a method of communication which does not ascribe wholly one stratagem, they do admit ‘it’s just a game’ - some of it simply is nonsense!

Ultimately we need to be careful about how we project our own perceptions with this project, which ultimately and self evidently is fiction.

“Brookes justifies the inclusion of FTL travel. “It’s what David [Braben] calls ‘The Big Lie’. We’ve got the whole galaxy in there – and as Douglas Adams said, ‘space is pretty big’. So we had to make sure players could navigate in something resembling real time.”

Frontier on bringing scientific authenticity to games and why the studio still uses its own engine - MCV/DEVELOP
As they settle into their shiny new building, we talk to David Braben and his team about the scientific authenticity that lies at the heart of each and every Frontier game
mcvuk.com

“Braben explains that even Elite Dangerous is built on scientific fact, with a one-to-one recreation of the galaxy with “all 400 billion systems” included. Though, as Watts tells us, the gameplay is of course predicated on “one big lie” – that being the faster-than-light travel that underpins everything you do.

The simulation’s mass model was accurate enough to roughly predict the placement and size of planets which hadn’t yet been discovered, Braben explains. Though of course hard scientific fact rarely makes an enthralling game on its own.

“There’s truth and believability and then we build a game on it but it immerses people a lot more because they can latch onto reality. And that’s why science fiction is such an amazing genre because you can get transported to a totally different world. Some of it feels real and that’s how you get this immersion,” Watts enthuses.’

So in context yes ‘some’ elements are ‘based’ or even established upon real science, ‘but’ even the developers admit that it’s not ‘wholly’ 100% accurate and is a ‘predictive model’ and a ‘fiction’. There is a distinction here which is being lost, and that in part is due to FD clever use of word play, they don’t admit everything and allow enough of a vacuum in the conversation for the audience to fill in the blanks…
Last edited: Jun 16, 2024
Reactions:
Han_Zen and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian