CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jun 16, 2024
#34,225
Rochester said:
True but David said ‘a lot of things’ that never were realised, he also made a fare few direct concrete affirmations that simply never occurred, so apologies if I don’t classify such statements as wholly reliable. In counterpoint Michael also said in a similar context (not a quote but it’s online somewhere) regards supercruise and warp, some of that is essentially just ‘made up’ to enable us to travel through space - ergo not scientifically accurate.
Supercruise - Alcubierre Drive
System jump or "high waking" - wormhole
Fleet Carrier jump - wormhole
Thargoid jumps - wormhole
Guardian "through-space" drives - wormhole

Notably, from first game manual, the phrase "Holodirect & ThroughSpace GravDistort communications system" makes an appearance.

This is hard science fiction, there will be a scientific basis for almost everything.

To quote the Elite Universe entry cited earlier:
The timeline of the Elite Universe is a continuation of real life modern history. The Elite Dangerous Timeline takes place 1286 years in the future and moves at the same pace as real-life.

There's an emphasis on scientific accuracy which is sometimes subordinate to the gameplay experience. The setting is a full scale depiction of the Milky Way. It has a lot of hard science to, for the first time in gaming history, compose a very consistent model of the Milky Way galaxy and it's rich enough to plot the night sky.[5]

Technologically, what sets the Elite Universe apart is the lack of ‘magical’ anti-gravity or gravity generators. Ships have no anti-gravity, nor do outposts or stations. To move around requires pushing/pulling yourself, use thrusters or electromagnetic boots. Artificial gravity is created by centrifugal force from the rotation of (for example) a large space station.

For the record: Pax Inter Astra is going to Temple region to get the theoretical basis of how this works established. We have the components. We can say with relatively high confidence that Raxxla was built by one or more species and then "fixed" by humanity at Earth. We know what does the lensing of the signals and have multiple lines of evidence to back this up from multiple systems including Sol and California Sector BV-Y c7. We have the power sources of the network both alien and human (some of them even biological).

We are getting closer to full activation...



You honestly still don't believe this game is exactly as they said it was: hard science mixed mythology and science fiction in all its' glory?