Cmdr SpaceMerlin
Jan 22, 2019
#5,379
Comandante said:
Pics or it didn't happen!

All right then.

SPOILER



More seriously:

Cmdr. Puffler said:
Commanders,

Regarding CMDR Guru951's latest statements - As a former member of the (now disbanded) 46&2 group, I would like to apologize for all of this. I'm currently trying to understand what determined Guru to behave this way, as he has disgraced our group, abandoned his brothers and continues to torment seekers with misinformation and delusions.

From what I've managed to piece together, Guru did indeed NOT uncover anything of note, let alone the greatest mystery there is (RAXXLA).

For now, all I can recommend is steering clear of CMDR Guru951, and anything he has to say or offer.


- CMDR Puffler
Click to expand...


The safest assumption here is that your group hasn't found Raxxla, and the comment above is not a misleading effort to compensate for Guru having broken their vow of silence.

Which means we got a fellow CMDR, namely Guru, who must not be feeling great right now, so let's be delicate.

Hey Guru,

i have no idea who you are, but you seem to be a smart fellow. My guess is you got that formula one in your head, and it can do beautiful things, provided it gets the right fuel and a proper track to express itself. But, well, sometimes, life doesn't hand you that environment you need to create the beautiful outputs you're capable of. So the car starves, or roars in vain, and it's a mess. I've already seen such things happen. You're not the first, you won't be the last.

I just wanna say: don't isolate yourself. You did something that was unexpected, from your friends, this forum, and probably yourself a few weeks back. See the good side: nobody was hurt. Your ego was, and, well, it's fair game.
Right now you'll have the temptation of seeing only the bad side of all of this. Don't give in to it. It is a defining moment, and it can be a positive one, full of lessons. Don't assign too much importance to what happened. Seen from Beagle Point, it was no big deal. But don't push it under the rug either. You don't live in Beagle Point. Just give it the exact amount of attention it deserves. It can be a moment when you decide to learn to master that powerful tool you have, and use it in a positive manner. You can learn to make your formula one become a four-wheel-drive when the terrain requires it. Or a compact car when fuel economy is preferred, and the streets get narrower. And you know the best part? You are equipped with exactly what you need to make that learning.

Come back here when you feel like it. I and others will be glad to greet you back. Sure, now we know that you have that race car in your garage. You weren't gonna hide it forever anyways. Some people will understand it, some won't. It's always been like that. Nothing has changed in that regard. It was Ursula K Le Guin who said something like "There's a point when you have to choose whether to be like everybody else the rest of your life, or to make a virtue of your peculiarities.". So yeah, make a virtue of yours.

Be well, Guru.
Reactions:
Ton618 666, Armstrong, Spaceman Si and 2 others