Eckee
Jan 22, 2019
#5,374
Han_Zen said:
and my favorite, the hypothetical Venus moon Neith: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neith_(hypothetical_moon)
This one would be fun as a basis for Raxxla, as it was observed by a dosen top astronomers between 1645 and 1768 and was never seen after that. There are also a few bits of orbital and size information, that makes searching possible(if it didn't jump, that is).
That's nice, could it be one of those temporary moons that planets capture time to time?

Also as far as we know there are Reptillians living on the Raxxla (or is this not canon too?). If this is their origin and home planet, it should have got a stable orbit and star, the system should not be too close to the center of the galaxy, maybe not close to any nebula too. IMHO it's an atmoshperic planet.

My bet is it's in an unlisted or permit locked system on the galaxy map. and to obtain the key (a high wake or permit -high wake is both a key and a gate, I actually like this idea-) is behind a quest line, I don't know which kind. I also strongly think that being an elite (preferably in cobat) or triple elite is essential. And only a tiny bit of the quest line is implemented and waiting to be discovered to start the hunt. So we can't just jump to a system and see Raxxla being there. There are billions of people living in the bubble, millions of exploreres, traders, pirates wanderin around. If it is in a system that can be jumped to, it wouldn't be able to stay as a secret till now.

I mentioned these before, one of the harder struggles behind implementing atmospheric landins is volumetric, proceduraly generated clouds, as been said by David Braben back in 2012. Volumetric Lagrange clouds in 3.3 gave me hope about atmospheric landings or at least entering gas giants' atmosphere's in 2019 as the new era of elite dangerous. Considering TDW and Raxxla made an enterence in codex, I'm thinking of Raxxla will be found in 2019 as an atmospheric planet. That would be a hell of a new era
Last edited: Jan 22, 2019
Reactions:
Scytale