Comandante
Oct 3, 2021
#24,372
yelboc said:
Also known as 42 Alpha Comae Berenices. Diadem is the real name of the star from ancient times.
I didn't know that, so it's really good to know. When I first saw it the first thing I thought (based on the fact there were no stations etc.) was "wow, a clue!". Oh well...
yelboc said:
Named stars without population are plentiful in game. Many have traditional star names, and there are even some that have allegiance and no population, such as Jackson Lighthouse (which appears in an official novel).

Looks like some but not all of the FFE names are in game. Was hoping it explains why only a proportion of the old worlds are in game, but there seem to be no apparent ryhme nor reason to it all.
One day when I have the time I'd love to maybe try out an old emulated version of one of these games. Not overly keen on the flight model and jousts-in-space, might have been realistic but the old '84 version with it's pitch-and-roll clearly stood the test of time!
yelboc said:
Welcome to the fray, by the way !
Thank you kindly!

I have been to this thread before, although I think it must have been almost 3-4 years since I was last here with any minor contributions. I have a number of reasons out of the remit of this thread that I've less to do with the game but Odyssey - for all it's flaws - has brought me back, at least for a while.

One thing that has happened (naturally) as I see it is that as no evidence has been found, our theories have become more and more extended to require information outside of the game - knowledge about complex mythologies, astronomy, astrology etc..

On top of that, there's MB's "tiny bit obvious" quote - and it gets me thinking that actually, you should be able to discover this in game without any complex knowledge that is obtained outside of the game if you see what I mean.

Then to add to the confusion there's the original 'teaser' missions (obfuscated in the outer rim etc.) that were later over shadowed by the Codex entries for both the Dark Wheel and Raxxla.

Which leads me to think that perhaps we've been looking too hard - or too close - at how to solve this 'problem' (I prefer to call this a problem rather than a puzzle at this point!). I think if any ground is to be gained we need to look more closely at the information that is in the game itself, rather than to looking outside for answers. Having said that, where to start? This is why I asked Jorki about the planet descriptions of the permit locked systems he's had access to. Perhaps there's more hidden here than we think.

Take for example Eravarenth:

This sparsely populated system supports a mixed extraction and mining economy. The locals like to tell stories of some of the great pilots that have passed through this system. Some even claim that one of Peter Jameson's descendents lives in the system or nearby.

... Which is right next to Shinrarta Dehzra. Well, it could be that 'living in a system nearby' means Shinrarta; or could it be that there's a Jameson haunting a system near by with clues? The game does offer game interaction via dropping into a low wake and getting messages from ships. Could this be a route to getting clues?

So basically I completely gave up on Raxxla - it became unrewarding because no one had found it. So I guess this is my last shot at maybe trying, by taking a step back - what is 'a tiny bit obvious'? That's why I am opening it up to you guys and suggesting we need a fresh look. For myself, one last look because 7 years is a long time to get nowhere! If this approach has already been tried let me know so apologies if I say 'fresh look', I am not being patronising or undermining all the effort taken so far. My main aim is that we need to be able to put ourselves in MB's shoes in order to see the problem in a new light.
Last edited: Oct 3, 2021
Reactions:
yelboc and Adel