Emperor
Oct 3, 2021
#24,371
Jorki Rasalas said:
@Emperor So I guess you were a Founder (kickstart backer >£150)?
If so, and are now Elite, have you tried again to get those missions at Jameson's Memorial?

Edit: Kickstarter backers >£85 had access provided to Shinrarta Dezhra from the outset, but only >£150 became "founding members"

Edit2: Just noticed that for the kickstart >£85 the phrasing was "Kickstarter Special: Have the option to start in the founder's world with any starter ship and 4,000 CR". SO the whole system was called "founder's world" at the outset before it was named "Shinrarta Dezhra". So perhaps in the 1.5/2.0 change notes the “Elite/Founder missions are now only available at the Founders World” should actually have said "“Elite/Founder missions are now only available at Shinrarta Dezhra”? i.e. perhaps those missions are still available but from elsehwere in the system??
Click to expand...

Well if my memory serves me well I bought beta access and they accidentally gave us access to SD... I know I didn't do the Kickstarter or life time pass .... Perhaps they got rid of the missions because too many people had access to the missions from the outset? I'll check my original purchase if I still have the email...

edit: Original purchase was for "Elite: Dangerous - Mercenary Edition" - 15 Oct 2014

Elite Dangerous - Mercenary Edition
A special edition released for purchase in September 2014.
Extra paint jobs & a unique decal
An additional in-game Eagle docked at another station (aka “Freeagle”)
A digital players guide book
A digital concept art book
This edition was given to free to all existing customers who had pre-ordered the game prior to September 2014.

There was no mention of founders world access and I seem to remember a small fuss from the kickstarter's (Which i can understand as I only paid £35 and think it was including a small charge for the beta access)

Edit 2: missed the question on being Elite - I am triple Elite (combat, trader & explorer) - I hung back from lots of Raxxla/TDW searching until I was triple as it's nagged me that you could be in the right place but not be triple Elite.... a mate of mine suggested you might have to be in a Cobra MK III for the TDW invite so flew around in one for ages just in case ;-)
Last edited: Oct 3, 2021
Reactions:
SergMx, Rochester and Jorki Rasalas