Merlin StWahgwaan
May 29, 2020
#16,898
final thought for the night, im off to bed....

Thargoid connection to Raxxla is apparent from previous stories right?

Well I found this....

Thargoids use stable wormholes to enter and exit hyperspace. Thargoid vessels such as the Thargoid Interceptor can be observed to deploy a type of green beam to create a wormhole. Rarely does a wormhole remain open after a Thargoid passes through, however, making it impossible for a human ship to enter it, as the ship will simply bounce back.[7]

Hyperspace
Hyperspace, colloquially known as Witch-space, is a higher-dimensional region through which ships can travel between star systems at superluminal speeds. Only ships fitted with a hyperdrive are able to initiate hyperspace jumps on their own. In the 34th century, the most prevalent hyperdrive...
Click to expand...

I know it says impossible, but it also says rarely.... implying that on occasion, they do remain open long enough for a human vessel to enter...

Im curious if anyone has ever given it a real effort? To track down some thargoids, large interceptors specfically, allow them to scan you, and go to leave, and try to jump into SC or boost into their hyper-jump wormhole?

if you use google translate to read the last post in this forum here:

Raxxla - EDDE Suite
Hallo, im Codex gibt es ja seit dem Update den Raxxla-Eintrag. Habe dann mal bissl rumgesucht hier und da... http://elite-dangerous.wikia.com/wiki/Raxxla Das meisste hier … wobei ich in dem über 300 seiten thread von hinten mit den neusten…
elitedangerous.de

the person speaks of them remaining open, and posted a pic video, unfortunately the link to the pic is dead, but that implies that its possible for them to remain open?

Edit: The videos load when not in google translate, and if you watch the first vid, at one point while looking into the wormhole, at a specific angel, it appears to look like a tunnel? I dont think the player realized it at the time...
Last edited: May 29, 2020
Reactions:
Plaid_unicorn and [PS4] Filthymick420