simulacrae
Mar 5, 2021
#21,626
Rochester said:
That’s some good work, maybe Herpin isn’t related then?

It looks out of place doesn’t it, and the story IMPO is a little vague, magic rainbow dust making people disintegrate when they sleep, odd nonetheless, but no mention of that mysterious gravity well, or signals.

Anything within the triangle of stars near to Thetis, what common themes, name meanings do they share? (Currently not able to log in game at present).

But great work.
Click to expand...

Thanks - so here are my thought on the sites I chose.

Delta69 / Thetis / cd-31 1974 (signal tourist beacon) all deal with some sort of signal that is broadcast. Though in the case of the tourist beacon at CD31 1974 we have no real idea if it relates other than it was apparently a strange event.

Delta69/Thetis/Herpin have encounters with foreign objects. In the case of Delta69 a gravitational anomoly, Thetis passes a moon that sends the signal, and Herpin has dust falling from the sky - I think in the case of Herpin meta the authors are referencing the movie The Night of the Comet

Both Herpin and Delta 69 have people who disappear from within closed rooms - the difference with Herpin is they identify what is happening - ie people turn to dust when sleep

If you look at my silly little animation below you see the sites are constrained NSEW to an almost linear feature - the Up/Down shows some variability. And of course this is such a tiny dataset ... which is why I want to search along this corridor. There are things like the Consuela Knight disappearance might fit in to this - It is described as anomalous ( like the description of the ship in the Herpin Logs). But I couldnt get a location for the Consuela Disappearance ... also an anonymous source claimed to have found her in Rhea (in hiding) - but no proof was ever given. So ya still looking for more points to add... Will definately put more effort into the triangle area (herpin is out of the bubble so possibly an outlier or we got lucky with a settlement that far out and on the path...)

Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, TrillClinton, Crimson Echo and 3 others