Jorki Rasalas
Feb 22, 2023
#29,260
Coehoorn said:
Pretty sure I read somewhere that the myth of Raxxla is as old as spaceflight itself. Which means that the low-powered rogue station of the TDW can't be Raxxla.

It's possible that the Dark Wheel station is in orbit of Raxxla, but even that's a stretch, considering old lore states directly that they were searching for it, just like the rest.
Anything is possible, since we know nothing! (Cue Sgt Schulz!)

You’re getting confused there! From the codex:

“The legend of Raxxla has been circulating, in whispers, for centuries. The quest for this mysterious place, the location of which is a deadly secret, was said to be the principal aim of the Dark Wheel, a putative fraternity of legend-chasers from the early days of interstellar travel.

The earliest recorded mention of Raxxla dates from 2296”

DW are as old (reputedly!) as interstellar travel (not spaceflight, which could be taken as limited to the home system, so 1940-2097 when first generation ship launched), not Raxxla. So DW may date back to circa 2097. We have no indication of the age of Raxxla, just that the first recorded mention of it was in 2296. Raxxla could be millenia old, made by Guardians, perhaps a Guardian ark ship ...we just do not know what it is! Nor where!

And the codex doesn’t say DW haven’t found Raxxla! that comes from external lore (one of the books) which may not be canon.

EDIT:
If we go with the hypothesis that Raxxla is some form of alien ship/device hidden at an asteroid belt, then where is it likely to be, where should we start a concentrated search effort?
My money would be on Saturn’s belts. Saturn is the sixth planet of Sol & has six moons in-game and that ties in with the decidely hexagonal theme of the Raxxla logo, which as I said earlier also shows the three arcs typical of an asteroid base. IRL Saturn’s hexagonal polar storm was named “Omphalos” by the New York Times readers in a competition, and “Omphalos” is highlighted by the codex phrasing. We know aliens have visited Sol in ancient times because in-game the alien artefact was found on Mars.

I’ve searched for a long time in Sol’s main asteroid belt (close to Mars) & at Saturn’s belts. But if you need to drop out in its instance to visually see Raxxla then you might as well buy lottery tickets cos the odds are against it happening! Could it be found by a cooperative honking search? Who knows? Only DB et al & doesn't seem like anyone who knows will tell us how best to find it.
Last edited: Feb 22, 2023
Reactions:
Macros Black