Jorki Rasalas
Feb 22, 2023
#29,256
Emperor said:
Oh when did they say they would help? lol

I just chuckled when I saw it and had to watch it again...lol


In terms of knowing you've found it.... Well I would hope if you found it you'd think "that's a bit weird"... And it might go something like.... I wonder what that could be.... Oh...... it couldn't be..... it is.....

Not knowing what you are exactly looking for doesn't mean it won't necessarily stick out like a sore thumb if you happen to randomly (or intentionally) stumble across it?

Even if someone didn't know about Raxxla I would hazard a guess there would be a good chance that they would stick something in the forums/reddit/etc saying "what's this?" ;-)

And wasn't there a tiny bit of you that thought.... well they've said it out loud now and intimated it is actually there.... (I don't think they would joke openly about it if it was a lie and not in game.... the backlash would be a tad large as it would be taking the mickey out of us all).... And the rather loud "SHHHH" at the end suggests someone shouldn't have mentioned it in a "Macbeth" type way... and perhaps suggests the location/what it is/where it is is not limited knowledge to MB and DB....lol

And even if that wasn't the way they have hidden Raxxla, what jumped out to me was the fact they were talking about "hiding" mining stations/refineries in asteroid belts as if they already have the settings to do so in game (or it would be easy to implement) may give more credence to them being able to hide the DW station easily and scanners may not help you find it....?

Just a thought....
Click to expand...
I’ve always considered Raxxla to be in-game; the argument that it can’t be because it hasn't been found is stupidly illogical. And of course it is not only DB and MB who know where it is located, that also is not sensible. But they’re not going to let everyone at FD in on the secret either.

We’ve known for ages that things can be hidden and undetectable in asteroid belts; The Hesperus was originally not visible in the FSS, you needed to drop into the actual asteroid cluster to see it - later corrected, but I’ve always suspected that might have an intentional hint. I am also suspicious of the codex hint of a Dark Wheel’s “hidden station”, it may be a hint about Raxxla.. This vid only gives confirmation that FD can make things hidden in the galaxy map, system map and FSS, which we already knew.

I think FD want Raxxla to be found but they arent going to make the treasure hunt easy, so any FD discussion of it is banned, hence the shushing. I suspect nobody on that panel knows anything about Raxxla’s location.

The comment was on the difficulty of finding an asteroid base if they made them secretive, they feared no one would find them in a massive 1:1 galaxy, and that got the comment “well they still havent found Raxxla”. This is clearly NOT an indication that Raxxla (whatever it is) IS hidden in an asteroid belt. Though that is clearly a possibility. We know the difficulty of finding something hidden in a massive 1:1 galaxy, we’ve been searching for long enough. I don’t understand the laughter that comment attracted - if it takes 30 minutes to fully search a system (to include all asteroid belts) and travel to the next system, and no coffee or comfort breaks are taken then it will take one player to search 400 billion systems approximately 22.8 million years to find it, assuming it is obvious when the player comes across it so someone would not “enter the system, honk and shoot off without discovering Raxxla” (oh, but apparently someone may have done exactly that!). We’ve only been searching for 7 years.

Our only hope is that the “clues” lead us to it, or the promised Raxxla storyline actually exists & we will eventually find that trail of breadcrumbs.

And is there anyone on the Quest that ISN’T checking out all the asteroid clusters???
I’ve pointed out several times that the three arcs in the “Raxxla logo” are typical of the three arcs shown around the entrance to an asteroid base.
Last edited: Feb 22, 2023
Reactions:
Rochester