SergMx
Feb 19, 2023
#29,243
Jorki Rasalas said:
Pollux?
From my notes on my (failed) Gravitational Wave source hypothesis, which diverged a little as these things tend to:
Jewel on brow - Gem: Gemini is abbreviated to “Gem” & most are targets for amateur astronomers! DB has an interest in astronomy! Gem contains several deep space objects including M35, NGC 2392, Medusa Nebula. Brightest is Castor, a sextuple star, 52ly; second is Pollux (but confusingly called alpha gem), an orange giant, 34 ly. Gamma Gem (Alhena), 105 ly. Delta Gem (Wasat) is a long period binary, 59ly, divisible in medium amateur telescopes. Epsilon Gem (Mebsuta) is a double. Zeta Gem (Mekbuda) is a double star, primary a Cepheid variable yellow supergiant, 1,200ly. Eta Gem (Propus, but in-game only single star!) is a binary 380ly in Jellyfish Neb. Kappa Gemis a binary star 143ly. Nu Gemis a double star 550ly. 38 Gem is a binary 84ly. U Gem ( in-game? V* V393 Gem is different star!) is a dwarf nova cataclysmic variable (White dwarf & orbiting red dwarf), Gaia DR2 data states 305 ly. Mu Gem (Tejat/Tejat Posterior) is the back foot of Castor. Gemingais a NS at 550ly. DN Geminorumor Nova Geminorum 1912 was a classical novawhich lit up in 1912. a close binary starsystem. 4,500ly. Gaia DR2. May have affected Einstein’s work on gravitational lensing, but in-game?

(The jewel could be Sol (there’s a galnet reference, so possibly hint to first clue), which leads to Mother Gaia faction, perhaps a hint to Gaia satellite which is a 21Century observatory which is conducting detailed measurements on many astronomical objects and might conceivably be the source of a Raxxla detection if that is some form of space anomaly; DR2 is its second published Gaia data catalogue).

I visited all Gemini systems that I could find in-game but found nowt.
But then, since we don't know we’re looking for, how do we recognise it we find it?

Personally, I fancied Delta Gemini, Wasat as in “whaaaaats thaaaaat?”, but cant remember the film reference
Click to expand...
Gaia, as I remember it, was the spirit of the Earth.
And also, I remember Gaia was the name of a telescope satellite that was launched in 2013 to the point of lungrage between the Earth and the Sun.
Its purpose was to make a 3D map of our galaxy.