Darrack
Jul 10, 2024
#34,495
Rochester said:
A Faery Orchestra

‘There is a tale told in the Lewis of how two young men chanced to be passing a faery knoll at the witching hour, when the knoll suddenly opened and emitted a green light. For a moment the men stood in astonishment, not knowing what had befallen them, until they realised that they were listening to a faery orchestra secreted in the very interior of the knoll. So overcome was one of them by the strains of faery music—he himself being a fiddler of sorts—that he straightway forsook his companion, and made for the green light.

No sooner had the passing fiddler been admitted to the company of the faeries than the knoll closed. And so enchanted was he by the music of the faery orchestra, and he himself contributing his part with a fiddle the faeries had lent him, that he eventually returned to his people in the belief that he had been absent but a few hours, whereas he actually had been away a year and a day. So well did he play his fiddle thereafter that no one dared disbelieve his story that he had performed with a faery orchestra.

Music equally enthralling was once heard by a Skye-man in the Braes of Portree, when passing the hillock known to the Gaelic-speaking natives by a name signifying Faery Knowe of the

And, then, delightful pipe-music has been heard issuing from underneath the Dun of Caolis, at the eastern end of Tiree; and the old folks of Tiree used to say that to this music they often heard the marching of many feet under- ground’.

Click to expand...
Great find, i wouldn't have found that in a million years!

Ive been to many Groves over the years and listened to many tales from Irish and Celt mythology, i struggled to find any reference to Mountains in any of the books i have.
The issue is a crossover, Druids/pagans who held Celtic beliefs (The Morrigan / Brigid etc) had no real connection to mountains but forests/woods/rivers and general nature, the British Isles is not known for its mountain ranges!

Anglo Saxon pagans such as myself would have heard of Scandinavian snow topped mountain ranges and tales of the gods we all know and love from the Viking saga's.
Most of my studies and beliefs come from this era where pagans pretty much followed (and still do) the Norse gods (Woden is Odin etc) obviously many of those tales and the story's i grew up with are Scandinavian.

The only reference i could think of so far was more likely a description of Glastonbury Tor (from a text i cant find for the life of me) on the Battle of Camlann.
I really should get my books in some sort of order, my room looks like the library in Minas Tirith


O7
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester