Rochester
Jul 10, 2024
#34,493
Darrack said:
To old Celts/Pagans and modern Druids like myself the 'Otherworld' was the true world, our rightful place of residence, we are only in this realm (Earth) to protect nature and in some cases a form of 'test'.
Not that it makes much difference to our narrative.
The one in your picture if the river was there when it was built would have been especially important.

Stonehenge and any form of stone circle, (especially near a river) was also the beginning of the journey onwards.

O7
Click to expand...

A Faery Orchestra

‘There is a tale told in the Lewis of how two young men chanced to be passing a faery knoll at the witching hour, when the knoll suddenly opened and emitted a green light. For a moment the men stood in astonishment, not knowing what had befallen them, until they realised that they were listening to a faery orchestra secreted in the very interior of the knoll. So overcome was one of them by the strains of faery music—he himself being a fiddler of sorts—that he straightway forsook his companion, and made for the green light.

No sooner had the passing fiddler been admitted to the company of the faeries than the knoll closed. And so enchanted was he by the music of the faery orchestra, and he himself contributing his part with a fiddle the faeries had lent him, that he eventually returned to his people in the belief that he had been absent but a few hours, whereas he actually had been away a year and a day. So well did he play his fiddle thereafter that no one dared disbelieve his story that he had performed with a faery orchestra.

Music equally enthralling was once heard by a Skye-man in the Braes of Portree, when passing the hillock known to the Gaelic-speaking natives by a name signifying Faery Knowe of the Beautiful Mountain.

And, then, delightful pipe-music has been heard issuing from underneath the Dun of Caolis, at the eastern end of Tiree; and the old folks of Tiree used to say that to this music they often heard the marching of many feet under- ground’.

The Peat-Fire Flame, The Moray Press p1937

Knowe (plural knowes) (chiefly Scotland and Ulster) means a small hill; a knoll.

*updated link: Conclusion
Last edited: Jul 15, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Darrack