El Saico
Sep 25, 2024
#34,957
simulacrae said:
Just a followup on the Starter systems

Ya im using river analogies...

I believe the systems we start in are related to Holdstocks concepts - the starter systems from Elite / Elite 2 / FFE were related Holdstocks ideas about the otherworld - lets call it his Imagination River.

I think the starter systems in Elite are based off of the Science River....


So ya we may start out coming from different streams of thought but end up in the same place.... ?
Yes there is definitely a story arc path to the Quest for Raxxla and it is tied up in Holdstock Lore
Does that mean there is nothing in game - no, there looks to be way too much put into this for that to be the case. I suspect the "Science" path is supposed to be the sciencing you way through the in-games puzzles path...
Click to expand...
Mars might very well be a coincidence as I believe its capital is named after the enormous (over twice the altitude of the Everest and about the size of Italy!) Olympus Mons.

Jorki Rasalas said:
There are two quite obvious answers to that question which I've been suggesting for a long time:
1) The route (Omphalos Rift) to Raxxla is hidden in a planetary belt-they are so huge (& I suspect it will have a very short detection range for ship's sensors & you'd have to carefuly fly in normal space to detect it-& the comet detection distance is an FD hint) that it may never be found; the obvious answer to how the lore rumour started is that some lucky miner stumbled upon it, or that it was detailed in the Alien Mars Artefact that has never been clarified but MB said (in diary #3?) that we'd start to hear more about it "soon" but we never have-hence it's likely Raxxla-related
2) The Rift is floating around in deep space, say 200kls or more from the nearest body, possibly off the ecliptic, and ditto about never finding it. Don't forget the lore about the fsd-originally (Elite 1?) you entered at the edge of a system and had to make your way in; it's only with later FSD that you arrive near the main star. So some lucky early explorer happened to jump in and fell over it..perhaps s/he/they wasn't carrying Trinkets to trigger the Rift so it was just discovered but not described???

Both solutions could have been inserted at the outset of the game, and both guarantee an exceedingly difficult object to find. Neither need planetary landings and could be in all versions of ED.
I say the Rift, because IMO it is highly likely that Raxxla itself is hidden in the FD server and will only be downloaded to a client PC/console when the Rift is found and triggered, in order to avoid it's finding through code mining.
Therefore it could be anywhere in the bubble... even Sol...and still be undiscovered after 10 years!

Personally I have always thought the Landscape signal was a flawed FD attempt to represent the radio noise from Sagittarius A* and I suspect irrelevant to Raxxla.
Edit: the proviso to that hypothesis originates in the codex's "for those with eyes to see", which is highly reminiscent of the old saying (biblical?) "for those with eyes to see ".
Edit2: after pointing that out I wouldn't put it past FD to implement the Landscape signal in an odd and meaningless location as pure Raxxla myth obfuscation.
Click to expand...
Going with my Raxxla = New World¹ hypothesis, the person who found it might be like Leif Erikson - the first European to land there, ~500 years before Columbus. However, the Norse failed to settle permanently as the native Thule (ancestors of the Inuit) drove them away.
In fact, it was the latter who advanced further on Greenland instead, coexisting for a while until the former died out there.

Also yeah, the signal looks a lot like the Sagittarius A* spectrum graphs; this discovery earned my first ever mention on the Canonn files and might have discouraged people from completing the expedition...

¹ at least WRT the Codex, not necessarily Brookes' original vision
Reactions:
simulacrae