CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 28, 2022
#28,084
Rochester said:
If in game from the start and accessible (yes, yes, yes I know)…

Then it should utilise mechanisms present from that time, granted it’s shape and appearance could have been and likely was modified over time.

Is it an object or a concept?

A ‘concept’ is easier, although it’s been speculated that Brookes said ‘it’s not textural’.

The ‘concept’ could be anything, like a cornerstone to understanding it’s all a simulation, or we’re Guardians, or Guardians left over food, or we’re the Aliens and this is the Thargoids galaxy… yadayada… but said content couldn’t divert nor skip the narrative… maybe it was foreshadowing?

If not a concept, then likely it’s a free floating body, moon, alien outpost or vessel / artifac eg a gold brick…etc. in some backwater dull system, not named Raxxla.

I like all of the ideas above but I presume that’s too much, if so much cool content was utilised, FD would want us to find it, so it’s more likely ‘dark’ as in inactive with zero fan-fair, you having to scan it to identity it or activate it.

The question being what does it do?

Well I doubt it makes us faster, or harder to kill or better at killing, because it would mean eventually everyone will likewise achieve this. A bit like Guardian stuff.

Said item would need to have been achievable from day one…?

Personally if it was achievable from day one, I suspect whatever it ought to unlock has had to have been always narrative…

My bet it was a key, to identify some other location or object that took us towards another part of the narrative and so on and so forth, that fits FD modus operandi.

It might originally have been Guardian I highly suspect… I do believe FD then changed it so now it’s likely something else entirely… but still narrative, and when FD want that to happen they will unlock it, and tell us where to look.

Ultimate it’s likely new method of travelling other than FLT. Or a new sector of space…currently off limits… Something they haven’t built yet. Again I dont suspect we could have used that from on day one… but rather it’s a ‘story to be played out in game’ - ‘nothing to say at this time’…

In M Brookes un-written book he describes a narrative where man awakens an old terror and fights it to secure / safeguard some prize, all tied to Paradise Lost, eg Heaven Gate…

I now suspect we are in the middle of that narrative, about 49.9% the way through.

At some point FD will turn the older DW mission back on, they will activate some other clues, taking us on some other journey.

Or they won’t and it’s simply in Delphi and we wait for FD to drop the key, unless they already have; or it’s just above the bubble… and we have to find it on the outer rim?

Or we have to wait out the unfolding narrative, when close to that end FD allow us to find it… ‘the payoff ought to be huge’….

So I suspect it originally was ‘mission’ driven, foreshadowed the Guardians, got bugged so FD nerfed it, but now it’s something else, the solution to the current oncoming war, a safe harbour, or a different FLT drive…or maybe the caretakers… our guardian angels!
Click to expand...
Humor me here because this is to illustrate a possible solution but also the scope creep we face because we don't know what we are looking for at all. We really need to find something that nails down what this is exactly (the mythical dark station would help a great deal). Otherwise, we may have stumbled across things that were important yet deemed trivial.

Perhaps concept but also concrete things but a lot of them. Though, before we get into that per Alien World Oisir-Raxxla Sector wasn't just a mere sector but a galaxy either orbiting the Milky Way or in another dimension. The Dark Wheel is also in this book and was in an area outside of the Human sector known as the Naranthu Sector. Notably the Naranthu were copper skinned which is feature unique to humans who stay in Bedaho (present home of Astrogator Tours which itself is part of Saud Kruger). I believe the Saud Kruger "goldskins" are referenced in the Codex for that Corporation. Anyway, The Dark Wheel was additionally another name for the galaxy itself. The Naranthu also have space suits similar to the spacesuits in Elite Dangerous core and Horizons expansion and are notable for bipedal, 5 fingers, and a legend of Uurth (their Mother World). The Naranthu were also connected to a story of a generation ship that traversed a warp fault and was sent across space and time. There is also Talmor Lens which may be the multitude of procedural buildings, artificial power sources, and artificial structures found via DSS scans. That said, I still think it is possible Faraway exists to this day but was basically the Talmor Lens repaired by humans (book said it was built wrong at Earth) giving us hyperspace/Witchspace as there are a great many antenna at stations, outposts, planetary ports, and whatever you call the giant stadium-like port cities. We had fuel scooping since the beginning. Sidewinders could also wake scan and follow the craft they were escorting that were warp capable as the Sidewinder wasn't. The point being Talmor sounds suspiciously like Faraway and had millions of lenses, stabilizers, power harnesses, and structures both orbital and planetary (perhaps all the orbital and planetary installations). It was all connected to a specific globular cluster of stars that were termed the Saramandara Pearls. It is possible that the "place that isn't a place" could be something gigantic like the whole galaxy.
Attachments
Screenshot_20221127-212922~2.png
669.6 KB · Views: 81
Last edited: Nov 28, 2022
Reactions:
Darrack