CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 28, 2022
#28,085
SongOfTheVoid said:
The Guardians used it, TDW Never found it... I hate to break it to you but we are basically still in the Prologue... Its not bugged either, nor is it perm locked it literally functions like clockwork as it always has...
First problem, Soontill was Thargoid at least per "..And Here The Wheel". Let's not forget that both species seem to be utterly allergic to presence of the other. If Thargoids are behind Raxxla it will repulse Guardian technology. Correspondingly, if Guardian no Thargoid will go near it or it would have been destroyed. Seemingly, humans are the only ones foolhardy enough to touch both, let alone put either of their technology anywhere near the other.

You second problem is you are forgetting a certain 999 year problem in that "...And Here the Wheel" based on ships present happened approximately 3297 which is 999 years AFTER the Raxxla rumor.

Thirdly, even the experts had major problems validating Soontill Relics. Nevermind that Elvira Martuuk thought the Soontill Relics were a scam which is why she requested them to gain access to her facility. So, too, did the people who analyzed the artifacts in the GalNet "Soontill Relics Test Results Queried". This two paragraphs are important:

And the results? Inconclusive. The research team’s results clearly state that no known human technology could have created the relics, yet they do not quite align with known Thargoid materials. Whatever they are, they are indeed very old, with isotopic dating indicating that they could well be tens of thousands of years old.

Jean Molyneaux, a historian from France, Earth, suggests we look back at our own past to determine the home of these relics. “Imagine an alien travelling back two thousand years into mankind’s past. The varied culture, arts and building materials of the Aztecs, Greeks, the Shang dynasty, what have you, the alien could think they were all different species, if that was his way of thinking…”
Last edited: Nov 28, 2022
Reactions:
Darrack