Rochester
Nov 27, 2022
#28,082
If in game from the start and accessible (yes, yes, yes I know)…

Then it should utilise mechanisms present from that time, granted it’s shape and appearance could have been and likely was modified over time.

Is it an object or a concept?

A ‘concept’ is easier, although it’s been speculated that Brookes said ‘it’s not textural’.

The ‘concept’ could be anything, like a cornerstone to understanding it’s all a simulation, or we’re Guardians, or Guardians left over food, or we’re the Aliens and this is the Thargoids galaxy… yadayada… but said content couldn’t divert nor skip the narrative… maybe it was foreshadowing?

If not a concept, then likely it’s a free floating body, moon, alien outpost or vessel / artifac eg a gold brick…etc. in some backwater dull system, not named Raxxla.

I like all of the ideas above but I presume that’s too much, if so much cool content was utilised, FD would want us to find it, so it’s more likely ‘dark’ as in inactive with zero fan-fair, you having to scan it to identity it or activate it.

The question being what does it do?

Well I doubt it makes us faster, or harder to kill or better at killing, because it would mean eventually everyone will likewise achieve this. A bit like Guardian stuff.

Said item would need to have been achievable from day one…?

Personally if it was achievable from day one, I suspect whatever it ought to unlock has had to have been always narrative…

My bet it was a key, to identify some other location or object that took us towards another part of the narrative and so on and so forth, that fits FD modus operandi.

It might originally have been Guardian I highly suspect… I do believe FD then changed it so now it’s likely something else entirely… but still narrative, and when FD want that to happen they will unlock it, and tell us where to look.

Ultimate it’s likely new method of travelling other than FLT. Or a new sector of space…currently off limits… Something they haven’t built yet. Again I dont suspect we could have used that from on day one… but rather it’s a ‘story to be played out in game’ - ‘nothing to say at this time’…

In M Brookes un-written book he describes a narrative where man awakens an old terror and fights it to secure / safeguard some prize, all tied to Paradise Lost, eg Heaven Gate…

I now suspect we are in the middle of that narrative, about 49.9% the way through.

At some point FD will turn the older DW mission back on, they will activate some other clues, taking us on some other journey.

Or they won’t and it’s simply in Delphi and we wait for FD to drop the key, unless they already have; or it’s elsewhere…

Or we have to wait out the unfolding narrative, when close to that end FD allow us to find it… ‘the payoff ought to be huge’….

So to try and recap; I suspect it originally was all ‘mission’ driven, foreshadowing, but ultimately would never be actually resolved… by us, being reliant on FD writing and building new ‘mission’ driven content… but that got bugged or we were too good / fast or it was too costly for FD to run or they were overly reliant on one person; so FD nerfed that idea, essentially parked that concept, moved staff on etc… essentially took control of the narrative from our hands and parked it until now.

The objective was/is likely either something to do with something after the current oncoming war, a safe harbour, or a different FLT drive to a new part of the galaxy or maybe the caretakers… our guardian angels a third ‘alien species’ to interact with.

But I suspect it was originally a series of Easter eggs to a Holdstock reference not part of our bigger narrative, but it got changed and then ‘incorporated’ into FDs more ‘hands off’ on rails narrative.

Or it’s just out there… there are a lot of locked sectors which have been shut off for almost 10 years! I hope that’s the case, that’s why I quest, to prove those doubts wrong and hopefully find something that proves the original context is still true.

If from day one, and not something linked to any ‘story’, it’s then an Easter egg, that unlocks something not tied to or that could effect the current narrative…so I don’t believe it’s anything big or amazing, if it is then it has to be narratively locked, or so separate from the current narrative but likewise something not as good as the current outcome for this narrative!

Our problem is FD stated there was a big payoff… that confuses things, unless it’s one and the same.
Last edited: Nov 28, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, Darrack, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person