Louis Calvert
Nov 28, 2022
#28,097
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Raxxla or at least the consequences of finding it are the glue that cements it all together. You did yourself a disservice by not searching the full phrase "Sargasso Sea of Space" as there are several very well known alternative timelines to that unify Federation and Empire across key science fiction franchises to Larry Niven's Known Space series. The Diso Delines amongst all the other cultural references buried into Elite Dangerous are likely in Elite Dangerous because a time accident that merged the universe of each into the Elite series (there is even more on this concept in "Tour of the Universe"). Regarding the Sirens and their connection to Luyten 205-128, I had also pointed previously that Sirens could be connected to both the Thargoid roar encountered in hyperdictions as well as the weird noises traversing Witchspace. Further there are actually a lot more ammonia gas giants near Sol than in the Pleiades region (though sadly none in Luyten 205-128 itself). This idea about favorable gas giants being bases for Thargoids came both from Elite Dangerous itself and Alien World. We are also told in Elite Dangerous Thargoid codex that we do not know if the Thargoid ships are themselves a separate species or a separate form of Thargoid. The thing is you need Sol for the Holdstock version of Raxxla and we now have fairly indisputable evidence that the Sol connection has been in the game lore of the entire series even if they edited out of the map in the first game because they couldn't do it the justice with technology at the time. Alien World also gives us a bit more of an idea on how exactly an artifact from another species came to be found in Sol. I honestly think whatever Raxxla is along with temporal accidents involving Witchspace (this term actually originated with Holdstock) explains the current state of the Elite Universe.
Click to expand...
Argh! Well, I think you're actually crazy

The issue with a lot of the stuff you're suggesting are connections between AW and ED - ultimately it doesn't seem to actually help make any more sense of any clue we do have (I.e. the Codex) and doesn't seem to produce any result that can be tested and eliminated or proven. Even if, as you believe, there are connections to AW, how does that actually help? and moreso, why hasn't it helped over the past 8 years of people making those same connections?

Having said that, If you have anything actually testable that you need a hand with I'm genuinely happy to help - I think we're only going to progress by helping each other test ideas - but I really do need some actual things to test out or I'm going to keep saying your ideas on AW connections are crazy

I'm currently heading off to the system @Jorki Rasalas wanted someone else to look at, although I think he's got me on ignore (lol) so could someone he's not ignoring please find out from him what he actually wants tested? He said something about combat there? it's over 2kly from Sol so it's not a quick trip

Once that's done I'm happy to test whatever crazy Talmor Lens idea you've got, so let me know
Reactions:
SongOfTheVoid