SongOfTheVoid
Nov 28, 2022
#28,083
Rochester said:
If in game from the start and accessible (yes, yes, yes I know)…

Then it should utilise mechanisms present from that time, granted it’s shape and appearance could have been and likely was modified over time.

Is it an object or a concept?

A ‘concept’ is easier, although it’s been speculated that Brookes said ‘it’s not textural’.

The ‘concept’ could be anything, like a cornerstone to understanding it’s all a simulation, or we’re Guardians, or Guardians left over food, or we’re the Aliens and this is the Thargoids galaxy… yadayada… but said content couldn’t divert nor skip the narrative… maybe it was foreshadowing?

If not a concept, then likely it’s a free floating body, moon, alien outpost or vessel / artifac eg a gold brick…etc. in some backwater dull system, not named Raxxla.

I like all of the ideas above but I presume that’s too much, if so much cool content was utilised, FD would want us to find it, so it’s more likely ‘dark’ as in inactive with zero fan-fair, you having to scan it to identity it or activate it.

The question being what does it do?

Well I doubt it makes us faster, or harder to kill or better at killing, because it would mean eventually everyone will likewise achieve this. A bit like Guardian stuff.

Said item would need to have been achievable from day one…?

Personally if it was achievable from day one, I suspect whatever it ought to unlock has had to have been always narrative…

My bet it was a key, to identify some other location or object that took us towards another part of the narrative and so on and so forth, that fits FD modus operandi.

It might originally have been Guardian I highly suspect… I do believe FD then changed it so now it’s likely something else entirely… but still narrative, and when FD want that to happen they will unlock it, and tell us where to look.

Ultimate it’s likely new method of travelling other than FLT. Or a new sector of space…currently off limits… Something they haven’t built yet. Again I dont suspect we could have used that from on day one… but rather it’s a ‘story to be played out in game’ - ‘nothing to say at this time’…

In M Brookes un-written book he describes a narrative where man awakens an old terror and fights it to secure / safeguard some prize, all tied to Paradise Lost, eg Heaven Gate…

I now suspect we are in the middle of that narrative, about 49.9% the way through.

At some point FD will turn the older DW mission back on, they will activate some other clues, taking us on some other journey.

Or they won’t and it’s simply in Delphi and we wait for FD to drop the key, unless they already have; or it’s just above the bubble… and we have to find it on the outer rim?

Or we have to wait out the unfolding narrative, when close to that end FD allow us to find it… ‘the payoff ought to be huge’….

So I suspect it originally was ‘mission’ driven, foreshadowed the Guardians, got bugged so FD nerfed it, but now it’s something else, the solution to the current oncoming war, a safe harbour, or a different FLT drive…or maybe the caretakers… our guardian angels!
Click to expand...
The Guardians used it, TDW Never found it... I hate to break it to you but we are basically still in the Prologue... Its not bugged either, nor is it perm locked it literally functions like clockwork as it always has...