Jorki Rasalas
Nov 28, 2022
#28,086
Darrack said:
I used to be convinced that it was hidden in plain sight.
Its in game but not accessible would be the easiest way to keep control of the release of the narrative.
Control is everything with something this important

I had a career in Entertainment deception, getting VIPs and Artists to hotels and venues without the media or fans knowing where they were.
Booking entire hotel floors, employing makeup artists for disguises, using local plated old cars that you would never think wealthy folks would use, all a ruse.
But often it’s the things right in front of people’s noses that attract less scrutiny, I once walked the headliner out of the west Brompton entrance at Earls Court holding my arm like she was my girlfriend, and nobody batted an eyelid.

So for me maybe a hidden moon around Jupiter or a base that everyone visits with a secret pad wouldn’t be so farfetched.

But I am of the opinion that it’s a gateway, for one reason, my dad brought me the original Alien World book back in 1980 and it fascinated me, later seeing it in the Novella (1984??) it made me smile but im still of the opinion that its how it was described – Oisir Raxxla ‘’.

What we are looking for is that gateway to another world which is why in my opinion it has not been discovered yet because until that other destination (which would be a huge task) has been programmed its just a locked door.

With the Mars stuff and everything else im leaning towards a connection with SOL.
I think it’s a great story but as with how I used to control things my guess is it will be found when they want us to find it.

This is why Elite is so unique, i dont think ive ever played a game with a mystery quiet like this with so many people devoting so much time, i really hope when it happens its everything you folks imagined.

O7
Click to expand...

Well, we dont know what it is, so we should expect anything.

But I cant see FD expending effort to program a whole sector just for an easter egg named Raxxla. Although it might be relatively easy to do with Stellar Forge, but that means it would exist on every player’s PC and be readily locatable by the data miners so IMHO highly unlikely.

I think if it’s an astronomical thing then it likely is just one object in a system - a planet or space station, existing on the FD server and downloaded to the player’s PC when they find the Omphalos Rift gateway. A space station might make sense against the logo, and could be one of the lost Guardian ark ships, though IIRC Thargoids were also originally said to have ships the size of moons (incoming Stargoid Wibbles perhaps?). It might even be the reputed Dark Wheel station, since that codex mention doesn’t seem to lead anywhere.

If the rumour is correct then MB said the system where Raxxla is located was entered but Raxxla was not discovered...could mean the Raxxla gateway (Omphalos Rift), but sounds more like Raxxla is a single thing. This is supported by hard evidence -MB definitely said (see FD Quotes link in my signature) that Raxxla “is a thing in the game world (not text) and very hard to find...It’s not a random thing....Anyone can find it and more than once”

I don’t now place much confidence in any meaning for the reputed child’s hand-sized alien artefact from Mars. It is possible that may be just a humorous tribute to the Arnold Schwarzeneger film Total Recall; there are also tributes to 2001 Space Odyssey in FD. And I’m fairly sure DB said Raxxla has been in-game since the gamma version; supported by the fact that Drew Wagar said DB told him that “Raxxla is in game” at the Bafta talk July 2014, but version 1.0 release wasn’t until 16th Dec 2014

So, it’s been in-game since July 2014, but is very hard to find. In a simulated universe of 400 billion systems (one of which, where Raxxla is located, has been entered but Raxxla was not detected), it’s not surprising it hasn't been found (we assume! It might have been found but kept secret!), there is no need to hypothesise that it hasn't been found so it hasn't been developed yet. If the Omphalos Rift must be triggered by a certain sequence of events (e.g. carry 5 Trinkets of Hidden Fortune into a specific station & rotate the ship 5 times before landing on the pad) that trigger event could be located anywhere, including somewhere so obvious as in Sol, and Raxxla might never be found. We are just assuming that FD have set a reasonably logical puzzle here.

And I still think, given DB’s love of astronomy that Raxxla might be something astronomically-related. It is only Holdstock’s books that told us Raxxla was a planet with an alien gateway to a different universe. ED has retconned a lot of old lore!

Edit: if it followed Holdstock’s novella we’d know what Raxxla is, but DB said we don't know, therefore it is something different!
Last edited: Nov 28, 2022
Reactions:
Churno and Rochester