Darrack
Nov 27, 2022
#28,081
Louis Calvert said:
I think @Maidor made some good points. particularly this idea:

Although I personally agree with others in the idea that Raxxla has likely been updated at least once, as we saw with the Zurara, I still think it's really valuable to actually list out and see what the possibilities are.

Let's explore some of the plausible Raxxlas that have been put forward here over the years. I've made a start below, and tried to arrange them from "easiest" to "hardest" to implement and maintain in the game - input most welcome in better defining these or adding more versions

















































































As per Maidor's suggestion, it's reasonable to assume that we need to consider not only the effort to implement 'Raxxla' in the first place, and what is feasible technologically, but what's needed to keep it running across updates, patches, and staff changes. Also consider that there's been no leak, and nothing has been data mined or even accidentally discovered via bugs in 8 years (that we're able to identify as Raxxla related), it's easier to keep smaller and simpler things secret over longer timeframes...

What do you all think?
Click to expand...

I used to be convinced that it was hidden in plain sight.
Its in game but not accessible would be the easiest way to keep control of the release of the narrative.
Control is everything with something this important

I had a career in Entertainment deception, getting VIPs and Artists to hotels and venues without the media or fans knowing where they were.
Booking entire hotel floors, employing makeup artists for disguises, using local plated old cars that you would never think wealthy folks would use, all a ruse.
But often it’s the things right in front of people’s noses that attract less scrutiny, I once walked the headliner out of the west Brompton entrance at Earls Court holding my arm like she was my girlfriend, and nobody batted an eyelid.

So for me maybe a hidden moon around Jupiter or a base that everyone visits with a secret pad wouldn’t be so farfetched.

But I am of the opinion that it’s a gateway, for one reason, my dad brought me the original Alien World book back in 1980 and it fascinated me, later seeing it in the Novella (1984??) it made me smile but im still of the opinion that its how it was described – Oisir Raxxla ‘Sector’.

What we are looking for is that gateway to another world which is why in my opinion it has not been discovered yet because until that other destination (which would be a huge task) has been programmed its just a locked door.

With the Mars stuff and everything else im leaning towards a connection with SOL.
I think it’s a great story but as with how I used to control things my guess is it will be found when they want us to find it.

This is why Elite is so unique, i dont think ive ever played a game with a mystery quiet like this with so many people devoting so much time, i really hope when it happens its everything you folks imagined.

O7
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester