Louis Calvert
Nov 28, 2022
#28,092
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
There are bolded sections of Alien World meant to be a focus of attention. The first of these involved the "Sargasso Sea of Space" which is in-game as a beacon in Luyten 205-128 (where Antares Incident happened). This also involves the "sirens" portion of The Alleged Toast of The Dark Wheel. See pages 22-23. I have suspected that some of these Commander submitted beacons are actually FDev dropping hints - this is one such a beacon. Noteworthy, Ivixor B also showed up in a song title from a band "Electric Wizard" from UK. Their songs have a lot of weird and unexplained connections to Elite Dangerous and Alien World. Further bolded sections are on pages 42-43 (may link to Thargoid pods in the Codex), pages 57-60 (link unknown at this point), page 68-69 shows art looking suspiciously like human surface port layouts with a creature only visible via camera (see camera suite), pages 72-77 (a city-planet of steel, lake of stars, and discussion of what sounds like Witchspace), pages 88-94 (Zoni Federation and surroundings especially the Night Wall which sounds like Orion Nebula Molecular Cloud Complex which is region locked). There are apparently hints in the book to help us map out different locations and regions.

Note: The first few pages deal with the United States and Russia having the Space Race to the Moon. So, it isn't like there aren't a lack of references to Sol and other key locations. Further, there is discussion on how Talmor Lens is built incorrectly in Sol. Also, covered is presence of alien species in the Sol system at varying stages including Earth and Mars (which may link to Martian Relic).
Click to expand...
That is all really good references to be honest. They could be clues! nice work Let's examine them:

Sargasso Sea is a commonly known location in contemporary culture, it also emerged into a wider public consciousness in the '60s and '70s - it's not unexpected to find it referenced in all sorts of literature and music because of this:
Wiki: "In July 1969, British businessman and amateur sailor Donald Crowhurst disappeared after his yacht became mired in the Sargasso Sea. He had been competing in the Sunday Times Golden Globe Race, a single-handed, round-the-world yacht race when his poorly-prepared boat began to take on water. He abandoned his circumnavigation attempt, but reported false positions by radio in an attempt to give the impression that he was still participating. Eventually, Crowhurst wound up drifting in the Sargasso Sea, where he deteriorated psychologically, filling his logbooks with metaphysical speculation and delusional comments. His last entry was July 1, and his yacht was found unoccupied and drifting on July 10. It is unclear whether his death came as the result of suicide or misadventure."

'Sirens' in anything could be anything, again they're popular in all sorts of space stories - honestly it's probably harder to find sci-fi (especially from the 60s-80s) that doesn't mention something like Sirens. For example there's at least one Episode of Red Dwarf that features literal (psyrens)sirens that suck brains after psychically ticking crews to land, but very few people suggest that as a reference source for Elite Dangerous sirens

The Ivixor B song title is from a 1996 album, it's entirely possible they took it from Alien World, I'm not seeing the connection between that and Elite Dangerous? It looks like they're one of the many bands that are inspired by sci-fi and fantasy It's a cool link to Alien World, but I can't see the link to Elite, could you elaborate that connection?

The Bold section from 42-43, do you mean "The Jelly Babies of Chorepsis VIII"? I can't see even one parallel there with Thargoids? Could you elaborate that one?

Pages 57-60...?

Pages 68-69... I mean that's literally artwork of an ELW with some buildings on it and a big bat-man-monster flying over it. I think this one is a real stretch. Any artwork depicting any settlement on the surface of any world and in piece of artwork could be said to look a bit like a surface settlement from Elite. The description does say the man-bat-monster can only be seen via a camera... but... the page before that has a picture of a barbarian warrior woman wielding a smoke sword riding a horse attacking a loin-cloth wearing muscle man... the images in the book are wild and varied...I don't see any connection to Elite from the 68-69 pic at all, sorry.

72-77 There is a talk of a 'tunnel of swirling light', Good catch! Although again I feel like the frame of reference that particular line is within is really more related to the general attitudes and styles of sci-fi fantasy of that era than a link to Elite Dangerous. This one feels like a stretch to link it to Elite Dangerous. You could more easily make a connection between the Monolith hyperspace tunnel from 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) or the Lightspeed jump from Star Wars (1977) which both preceded and heavily influenced a lot of FTL visuals and ideas, than to this description:
AW "In time this Narathnu, Nophenmep, resigned himself to death, and ceased to struggle. Twice about the lake of stars he had travelled, and knew this pool of fire to span a void wider than the void between galaxies: an immense lake of stars. Down he sank, down into coloured fire storms below, through the levels of space and time, at once in past and future, on this end and that end of the Universe, oscillating between places as far distant as thought can comprehend. Giant creatures swam there, their bodies dripping tongues of purple flame, their brains the pulsing, spinning forms of the dark compacted stars when death has taken all their light. Here the illusion, and delusion, broke: clear of mind and of eye he found himself to be travelling through a tunnel of swirling light, towards a place he could see was a spread of bright and wonderful stars, all reds and golds and youthful firecolours, a young galaxy, newly coalesced, and bursting with life. The journey through this tube of space seemed to take forever. He experienced fear, then sadness, then wonder, then anger. In time, and perhaps after a tenth of his life had past, he emerged into dark space, floating between the stars, close to a sun where he could detect a hundred worlds.

88-94 Honestly I can't comment on this since it's just like the rest of AW, a collection of strange words and aliens, I can't see anything in the pictures of text that makes me think of Elite Dangerous. Can you elaborate on this connection?

Yes, AW does mention Sol. As I said in my post, the connection here is functionally that you're saying "Alien World mentions Sol, Sol is in Elite, and therefore other things in Alien World are in Elite". Earth is mentioned in one of my all time favourite books, Larry Niven's Ringworld, and so is hyperspace travel, and so are mysterious aliens and quests to find stuff, and so are Martians that left relics under the sands of mars. That sort of general vibe is shared across a vast, vast portions of the sci-fi written around that time. The same sorts of ideas come up over and over again. The whole "aliens made the pyramids" was also in the zeitgeist at the time (shamfully) just as crazy fools still think lizard aliens from Saturn are controlling the earth right now, and again just because AW talks about aliens bearing the name Raxxla building the pyramids, doesn't mean the same as those things are related to Elite. That's why there's so many films and books where mysterious ancient aliens left stuff on Mars, the best of them is of course Total Recall which ironically has more in common with Elite Dangerous than the Alien World book does!

Alien World also mentions The Dark Wheel too:
AW: "The Tale of the Dark Wheel. The copper-skinned Narathnu are noted mythmakers. One of their stories is the legend of the Great Ship, an account of a mysterious race that lives in the Dark Wheel - a galaxy named thus because it is shrouded in black clouds of intergalactic dust and gas...."
Bears no resemblance to The Dark Wheel from Elite whatsoever. It's extremely common for authors to re-use ideas, words, phrases, names they like. I'm sure you know this.

The only way to make anything in AW fit, from what I can see, is the equivalent of making jigsaw pieces fit by using scissors and tape.

Alien World is a fun book with cool art. After 8 years of people trying to shoehorn it into Elite Dangerous and getting nowhere, I think we need to let it rest until something comes up that's unquestioningly a reference, like we can see there are like-for-like lines in TDW and Elite Dangerous, so it's clear TDW was used as a reference.

Right now, I don't think that's happening. Can we just put Alien World to bed?
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian