CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 28, 2022
#28,091
Louis Calvert said:
As per my recent post, I've studied that book closely (as have a lot of other people) and I really think we need to jettison talk of "Alien World" until any one single part of it other than the word "Raxxla" relates in any way to Elite Dangerous. If you do have anything that's in the Elite Dangerous game that relates to Alien World other than Raxxla, I'd love to see it, that would be exciting. Otherwise, it's a dead end
Now should we stick to in-game things where proven, yes. This also prevents scope creep. This is partly why I consider shibboleths to be a part of the search especially given the connection with Church of the Path in Shibboleth system and the "Revised Catholic Mission" in Aymiay that further links to Olympic Village, Mars and Beta Hydri. This is why I specifically invested a good deal of effort into pinning down Veliaze (Zelada), Hope (Gateway), and Jones Colony, Essafa (Jones Colony, Yamatri) and otherwise unification of the lore by establishing so many connections back to Sol that it simply was impossible to ignore going as far back as The Dark Wheel novella and Lakon Spaceways in the first game and Elite Dangerous codex for Lakon Spaceways.

There are bolded sections of Alien World meant to be a focus of attention. The first of these involved the "Sargasso Sea of Space" which is in-game as a beacon in Luyten 205-128 (where Antares Incident happened). This also involves the "sirens" portion of The Alleged Toast of The Dark Wheel. See pages 22-23. I have suspected that some of these Commander submitted beacons are actually FDev dropping hints as more than a few of them link with official novel content - this is one such a beacon. Noteworthy, Ivixor B also showed up in a song title from a band "Electric Wizard" from UK. Their songs have a lot of weird and unexplained connections to Elite Dangerous and Alien World. Further bolded sections are on pages 42-43 (may link to Thargoid pods in the Codex), pages 57-60 (link unknown at this point), page 68-69 shows art looking suspiciously like human surface port layouts with a creature only visible via camera (see camera suite), pages 72-77 (a city-planet of steel, lake of stars, and discussion of what sounds like Witchspace), pages 88-94 (Zoni Federation and surroundings especially the Night Wall which sounds like Orion Nebula Molecular Cloud Complex which is region locked). There are apparently hints in the book to help us map out different locations and regions.

Note: The first few pages deal with the United States and Russia having the Space Race to the Moon. So, it isn't like there aren't a lack of references to Sol and other key locations. Further, there is discussion on how Talmor Lens is built incorrectly in Sol. Also, covered is presence of alien species in the Sol system at varying stages including Earth and Mars (which may link to Martian Relic).
Last edited: Nov 28, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert