Louis Calvert
Nov 28, 2022
#28,088
I think my post outlined in detail "what Raxxla" could actually be given the limitations of the game, and considering the work involved in actually putting whatever it is in game. I could add to that and keep it updated with best possible expectations? Knowing what to expect Raxxla can in reality be (i.e. not some amazing but likely impractical daydream idea) would help dramatically narrow any searches down.

Maidor said:
We already have all the awnsers, but we make the wrong questions.

Looking at all the evidence posted here and other sources. I belive the period of finding new ''clues'' is gone and we are starting to overlap conceps, probably all the steps are there, as said no information will be added. And I think all has been found.
I agree Maidor. These discussions just go round and round in circles and have been doing so for years and years. We have all that we can know. We need to think differently or try different ideas out in order to make progress.

So many people have come to the same or similar places when trying to decipher clues. That's highly significant, but sadly the "next step" just doesn't seem to happen, so people go off doing other stuff alone and unity and purpose breaks down even further.

There may well be clues or 'next steps' that need more than a single person to solve but... well... you proposed getting 33 people to spend a day testing an idea. I'll sign up for that, happy to help test any ideas or eliminate possible bugs, but... despite the fact there's more than 33 people reading this thread, I doubt many would actually want to go out of their way to physically help.
Rochester said:
The question being what does it do?
That is a very important question. I personally think it doesn't do anything yet. I think finding it will trigger a new narrative phase of unlocking content, like discovering the Thargoid probes led in a chain to the Thargoid return. Finding Raxxla means Fdev then starts developing the "Raxxla is found" narrative. If we don't find it, I fully expect it'll happen anyway eventually since it's likely they've got the framework of that sketched out. Possibly as you suggested Fdev realised players were searching harder than anticipated so they closed off easy routes to it (like the missions), and kicked the can down the road - but them including the Codex entry 4 years ago suggests they may now be ready and willing to move on that and they really are waiting for it to be found now.
SongOfTheVoid said:
The Guardians used it, TDW Never found it... I hate to break it to you but we are basically still in the Prologue... Its not bugged either, nor is it perm locked it literally functions like clockwork as it always has...
The Guardian connection... If you can show evidence, I'm 100% excited to see it I'm happy to help test out or debunk anything that helps move things forwards. I do agree that we're stuck in the Prologue of Raxxla. The rest of the stuff you said, well I don't see how you can say that with any certainty. Most of your posts smack of belief more than investigation logic.
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Though, before we get into that per Alien World Oisir-Raxxla Sector wasn't just a mere sector but a galaxy either orbiting the Milky Way or in another dimension. The Dark Wheel is also in this book and was in an area outside of the Human sector known as the Naranthu Sector.
As per my recent post, I've studied that book closely (as have a lot of other people) and I really think we need to jettison talk of "Alien World" until any one single part of it other than the word "Raxxla" relates in any way to Elite Dangerous. If you do have anything that's in the Elite Dangerous game that relates to Alien World other than Raxxla, I'd love to see it, that would be exciting. Otherwise, it's a dead end.
Jorki Rasalas said:
But I cant see FD expending effort to program a whole sector just for an easter egg named Raxxla. Although it might be relatively easy to do with Stellar Forge, but that means it would exist on every player’s PC and be readily locatable by the data miners so IMHO highly unlikely.
Agreed, as per my post here.
Jorki Rasalas said:
I think if it’s an astronomical thing then it likely is just one object in a system - a planet or space station, existing on the FD server and downloaded to the player’s PC when they find the Omphalos Rift gateway.
Even if the Raxxla data streams to a PC after/upon discovery that still means all the other stuff I talked about based on Maidor's post is true - maintenance, testing, etc. So that again leads to the idea that Raxxla is likely (currently) something extremely simple or small within the game, like Hypothesis 1 or 2, possibly 3 (which is what you're working on now). If it were anything more than the chances of leaks or data mining goes up considerably.
Reactions:
Rochester