CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 28, 2022
#28,093
Louis Calvert said:
That is all really good references to be honest. They could be clues! nice work Let's examine them:

Sargasso Sea is a commonly known location in contemporary culture, it also emerged into a wider public consciousness in the '60s and '70s - it's not unexpected to find it referenced in all sorts of literature and music because of this:


'Sirens' in anything could be anything, again they're popular in all sorts of space stories - honestly it's probably harder to find sci-fi (especially from the 60s-80s) that doesn't mention something like Sirens. For example there's at least one Episode of Red Dwarf that features literal (psyrens)sirens that suck brains after psychically ticking crews to land, but very few people suggest that as a reference source for Elite Dangerous sirens

The Ivixor B song title is from a 1996 album, it's entirely possible they took it from Alien World, I'm not seeing the connection between that and Elite Dangerous? It looks like they're one of the many bands that are inspired by sci-fi and fantasy It's a cool link to Alien World, but I can't see the link to Elite, could you elaborate that connection?

The Bold section from 42-43, do you mean "The Jelly Babies of Chorepsis VIII"? I can't see even one parallel there with Thargoids? Could you elaborate that one?

Pages 57-60...?

Pages 68-69... I mean that's literally artwork of an ELW with some buildings on it and a big bat-man-monster flying over it. I think this one is a real stretch. Any artwork depicting any settlement on the surface of any world and in piece of artwork could be said to look a bit like a surface settlement from Elite. The description does say the man-bat-monster can only be seen via a camera... but... the page before that has a picture of a barbarian warrior woman wielding a smoke sword riding a horse attacking a loin-cloth wearing muscle man... the images in the book are wild and varied...I don't see any connection to Elite from the 68-69 pic at all, sorry.

72-77 There is a talk of a 'tunnel of swirling light', Good catch! Although again I feel like the frame of reference that particular line is within is really more related to the general attitudes and styles of sci-fi fantasy of that era than a link to Elite Dangerous. This one feels like a stretch to link it to Elite Dangerous. You could more easily make a connection between the Monolith from 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) or the from Star Wars (1977) which both preceded and heavily influenced a lot of FTL visuals and ideas, than to this description:


88-94 Honestly I can't comment on this since it's just like the rest of AW, a collection of strange words and aliens, I can't see anything in the pictures of text that makes me think of Elite Dangerous. Can you elaborate on this connection?

Yes, AW does mention Sol. , the connection here is functionally that you're saying "Alien World mentions Sol, Sol is in Elite, and therefore other things in Alien World are in Elite". Earth is mentioned in one of my all time favourite books, Larry Niven's Ringworld, and so is hyperspace travel, and so are mysterious aliens and quests to find stuff, and so are Martians that left relics under the sands of mars. That sort of general vibe is shared across a vast, vast portions of the sci-fi written around that time. The same sorts of ideas come up over and over again. The whole "aliens made the pyramids" was also in the zeitgeist at the time (shamfully) just as crazy fools still think lizard aliens from Saturn are controlling the earth right now, and again just because AW talks about aliens bearing the name Raxxla building the pyramids, doesn't mean the same as those things are related to Elite. That's why there's so many films and books where mysterious ancient aliens left stuff on Mars, the best of them is of course Total Recall which ironically has more in common with Elite Dangerous than the Alien World book does!

Alien World also mentions The Dark Wheel too:

Bears no resemblance to The Dark Wheel from Elite whatsoever. It's extremely common for authors to re-use ideas, words, phrases, names they like. I'm sure you know this.

The only way to make anything in AW fit, from what I can see, is the equivalent of making jigsaw pieces fit by using scissors and tape.

Alien World is a fun book with cool art. After 8 years of people trying to shoehorn it into Elite Dangerous and getting nowhere, I think we need to let it rest until something comes up that's a reference, like we can see there are, so it's clear TDW used as a reference.

Right now, I don't think that's happening. Can we just put Alien World to bed?
Click to expand...
Raxxla or at least the consequences of finding it are the glue that cements it all together. You did yourself a disservice by not searching the full phrase "Sargasso Sea of Space" as there are several very well known alternative timelines to that unify Federation and Empire across key science fiction franchises to Larry Niven's Known Space series. The Diso Delines amongst all the other cultural references buried into Elite Dangerous are likely in Elite Dangerous because a time accident that merged the universe of each into the Elite series (there is even more on this concept in "Tour of the Universe"). Regarding the Sirens and their connection to Luyten 205-128, I had also pointed previously that Sirens could be connected to both the Thargoid roar encountered in hyperdictions as well as the weird noises traversing Witchspace. Further there are actually a lot more ammonia gas giants near Sol than in the Pleiades region (though sadly none in Luyten 205-128 itself). This idea about favorable gas giants being bases for Thargoids came both from Elite Dangerous itself and Alien World. We are also told in Elite Dangerous Thargoid codex that we do not know if the Thargoid ships are themselves a separate species or a separate form of Thargoid. The thing is you need Sol for the Holdstock version of Raxxla and we now have fairly indisputable evidence that the Sol connection has been in the game lore of the entire series even if they edited out of the map in the first game because they couldn't do it the justice with technology at the time. Alien World also gives us a bit more of an idea on how exactly an artifact from another species came to be found in Sol. I honestly think whatever Raxxla is along with temporal accidents involving Witchspace (this term actually originated with Holdstock) explains the current state of the Elite Universe.
Attachments
Screenshot_20221109-141039~2.png
31.6 KB 路 Views: 62
Screenshot_20221009-213317~2.png
115.5 KB 路 Views: 67
Screenshot_20220812-201103~2.png
92 KB 路 Views: 66
Screenshot_20220812-201245~2.png
140.7 KB 路 Views: 69
Last edited: Nov 28, 2022