Vetinari
V
May 4, 2020
#16,304
Is fdev trying to start a war between me and Jorki? I just liked one of their/your posts and got a full screen with 'Are you sure you want to like this?' message on it. Never seen it before and such a strange one, if it was a dislike I could understand it, whats going on? Yes I am sure I liked it and it recorded my like, just made me laugh.

Edelgard von Rhein said:
I hadn't seen this interview before, so it was very interesting. Thanks for posting!
It almost makes me wonder if TDW invitation has potentially been in since the start.
That said, five and a half years in, no one has triggered TDW invitation (at least not publicly confirmed), which makes me wonder what is required. There are plenty of Triple Elite pilots, now, some people have managed it more than once. When I see comments like 'that's not how we expected players to play the game' it does make me think that there might be something obvious we are missing. There are enough players doing things in different ways, that I would have expected someone to have stumbled upon it by now. (I'm assuming it's something that happens in code and is not a gift of a GM looking at people's stats/activities).
Consider yourself in TDWs' place. You want to recruit the best explorer in the galaxy. How do you work out who that is?
There are measureables, like distance travelled and distance from the start point. They don't tell the whole story. Does someone really have to have been to Semotus Beacon for you to consider them?
There is the ability to inspire others. The organisers of different expeditions have achieved this, from Distant World onwards. Even earlier, the FGE was encouraging people to explore together. Are you going to favour one group/expedition over another? Do you have to have organised an event? And how can you tell, in code, that someone is organising something? This is too arbitrary. If TDW invite was in the gift of a GM, there are still dozens of people who ought to have had the invite, all well-known people by definition.
Is it the significance of finds? How is that measured in code? Do you have to find a bunch of new Codex entries? That was all first-come, first-served. Number of Codex entries might be better but a find-em-all philosophy could mean that someone is following in the footsteps of others for completion, not looking for new things. It's not an easy thing to work out in code how important one's contribution is and any such code would also be arbitrary.
An exploration test. If there are tests to trigger an invite, forget the missions boards or triggering tip-offs or missions given from being in inhabited for 15 mins in the same instance. An explorer is going to be out in the black. There is no communication to send a task their way, especially with Galnet shut down (I did wonder if the Winking Cat might have been something along these lines, though). Putting a clue into the Codex entry for Raxxla/TDW is your only recourse. The problem with that is that great explorers might not also be great cryptologists. Getting the message across is a problem.

I really hope I'm missing something but the more I look at it, the more intractable the problem becomes. It seems more and more likely to be something done manually by the developers. If not, then it will be some really weird conditions that will just get figured out by everyone once someone triggers it.

Separately, the consequences of the invitation need to be meaningful. A trip to TDW base and viewing the 'evidence' there will be on Youtube in an hour. Then what?
Click to expand...

This is one the best and well thought out posts I have seen on this topic, not diminishing anyone elses contribution but this is how my mind works so every point hit home for me and for me a much better guide than pick a random historical God and aim for their star. My opinion only which counts for sweet Adams so please don't be offended anyone else, I love all the posts especially the random ones but this one just seems to generate more possible firm starting points.

To add to it:

Explorer out in the black/no communication - Palin & whatshername send you an inbox message now when you get to 5K instantly, not sure if always been this way. DB or MB or someone has said that the inbox is a way for NPCs to get in touch, similar with TO missions so this may be the format.
Drew Wagar did a video where he used the inbox to 'invite' someone (a You Tuber) to the DW - bad choice of recipient as they knew virtually nothing about the lore or the DW though so kinda fell flat on its face, have wondered since if that was a test of how it would work but strange that Drew would be the one doing it rather than an fdev employee or CM though. Fdev have to have been involved and agreed to it although it looked like Drews script
DB video on last page where 'if your mate gets an invite and you don't etc' kinda clashes with the Codex entry 'Only a handful etc' - which is it, do we all get an invite or just a handful? I think we all assume if we do the right thing whatever that is we all get an invite which makes the Codex wrong surely?
TO missions tend to lead to a few places - Thargoid / Crashed Ship / Installation - to me just a way of pointing players to game features that may be overlooked. Bet they wish they had this for the Zuara. Doesnt mean something wont be used in future but for now I think not.
Zuara changed as game developed, maybe Raxxla has too. Over 50% of vanilla game purchasers have bought Horizons DLC. Assuming a high drop off rate I wonder what the % of active players is so may be planet based now as per old lore.
Codex Discoveries - When I started my idea was to find every single entry in every single sector by finding it myself, not by looking it up in the Codex or on line for the nearest feature, long ago gave that up and haven't even completed Inner Orion Spur entries. It could be measured if every find was original (in a new place), Ive found plenty that nobody else has found before in that place, Im the 1st to find it there. Ive also 1st discovered almost everything except all the variations of WD and some other bodies. That's measurable too. Measurable by software or the real Dark Wheel I mean. Anybody just following in someone else footsteps can easily be measured and disregarded - if that's a route into the Dark Wheel at all.
A journey everyone must make for themselves - I hope this means that if you find it I cant go there and find it too, it wont be there in my game/instance. Don't know how this would be achieved at all but would kill the YT exposure problem. (assuming fdev consider this a problem)
Hadnt considered 2 steps but I like it - Do ABC and get 'seen' then its up to someone if they then advance that and send an invite or not. Doing ABC doesn't automatically grant entry. ABC may be different for every player (personal journey) although DB video on last page implies we all do ABC we all get the invite - assuming he was talking about the Dark Wheel but hard to think of anything else he was talking about. Is it the opposite of paranoia that I read Raxxla and the Dark Wheel into every mysterious comment made by anybody senior at fdev?

Deathbed comment - Sorry if that was depressing it wasn't meant to be. I meant I don't want to find out tomorrow and then be like 'Now what do I do?'. Raxxla is always on the back of my mind in game and the fun for me is it might be here or it might be in the next system I jump to. If I know where and what it is it would diminish my enjoyment of the game in future coz that excitement would be gone, Id just know. Raxxla captured my imagination when I was 9 years old, nothing introduced today could have the same effect, I cant be 9 again. Thats just me, I keep presents wrapped up long after the day and if Im having a bad day I open one, its stupid and childish but it definitely works for me partly because it is stupid and I can laugh at that if nothing else. They can introduce the Tionisla Graveyard though, Id like that to be there properly and know its there, that's a different type of lore.
Reactions:
PeteACarter, Edelgard von Rhein, Psyral and 2 others