GURU-951
May 4, 2020
#16,305
simulacrae said:
Very nice !

I would just add to your list the book by Edwards and Holdstock "Tour of the Universe"
which i think is what is being referenced when the codex talks about the childrens story of princess astrophel.
SPOILER: THE PRIZE
The book (written in 1980) is as named a Tour of the Universe won by two young lovers with the big prize being on the first trip to the Aurora-Magellan system (Magellanic Cloud) since they recently opened their borders again.


The first reference is the name of the ship that takes them from the Sol system to the Magellan Gate (stargate) - the name of the ship is Starfriend aka Astrophil...

The Aurora Magellan Federation is what rules the Magellanic Cloud. - Aurora is the Roman name of the Greek god Eos who happens to be the mother of the stars.

Also later in their travels there is an interesting ballet called "gravity well" reminiscent of the story of the Dark Wheel from Alien Worlds


So I generally think that we are looking for some kind of Stargate.. that will take us to the Magellanic Clouds...
"It is also far to easy to think of a Stargate as a single 'hole' from one part of the Galaxy to another; Whilst there is certainly a main bore, or Eye, most Stargates have peripheral connections with other 'edge-sinks'..." (Tour of the Galaxy: Extract from the Hanted Eye Myths and legends of the Stargates)

There is of course that whole thing about the Dead World scroll and the Voice Mounds ... which could be a poetic description of oracle/omphalos...

Anyhoo... ya I still am half heartedly working my way across the Marches... towards Aquilas Halo and then maybe the Void...

PS Congrats Jorki !!!
Click to expand...


This is excellent! Now I gotta go getting more books! Im hoping for a stargate too. A while back a CMDR posted something from Holdstock/Eisler that seemed reminiscent of the DW toast. Anyone have a link to this, or remember what Im talking about with it?
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, simulacrae and [PS4] Filthymick420