ironshirt
I
May 4, 2020
#16,316
Jorki Rasalas said:
...
One possibility is that we have to succeed in a certain number of TO missions, just doing the odd one or two wouldn't count. Maybe the criterion is to do with TO received within Shin Dez?

I (as for myself) would almost rule that out. There are people who did an incredible amount of TO missions already. Dozens, if not hundreds!
Me alone have completed maybe 50, maybe even more, of them in various places (Shinra, Alioth, Achenar, Sol, and also some permit locked systems) and I'm just talking about the 'full TO version' here, which includes doing missions until the receipt of the Tip Off from the Mysterious Stranger. But, due to their (semi-) permanent nature, you can visit the locations even without having a message from the MS, and then you still can successfully scan their, for example, core beacons to receive one of the many ('lore') messages. This is kind of 'half baked TO version' and I'm almost sure a few people did this more than a hundred times. There is just one thing you should take heed of when doing these: Some sites are always active, others have a 'duty cycle', turning active/inactive after a certain time. Please see djadjoks excellent and passionate work on this topic in the Mysterious Stranger thread, and, if you want to get a feeling of how much work already ran into this, I suggest to have a look at the spreadsheet(s) he created on this topic.

Another thing to mention regarding TOs: There is also the possibility to hunt those sites. I found a handful (maybe 5 to 10) of them just by searching in the vicinity (always ~17-23 ly) of already known Tip Off destinations, without ever receiving a MS message for them. Plus, but I don't know whether this is still valid, also nobody else received a TO with some of those destinations beforehand.
So there really is a slight chance to find a site, which not gets hinted at by the MS, that does contain information about TDW or Raxxla.
My suggestion is, if you are brave enough and don't mind fines / bounties or even a ship loss (although, iIrc with an SRV you can even legally do this ), always scan those pesky core beacons in settlements if you see one (those with the green light cone). And it really doesn't matter where you are. Chances to find something may be better In the vicinity of important places (SOL, Alioth, Corporate HQs or TO destinations), but you never know. If you find a message, you are lucky, if you find nothing, you get some credits for your scan. This 'data miner profession' really can be fun, but the credit-payout is just mediocre.


Regarding game mechanics / special missions:
There is always Ariel !
Btw. has anyone see her/him recently? Wasn't able to trigger her/him anymore.

o7
Reactions:
Vetinari, Machina Ergo Sum, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person