Rochester
Feb 17, 2022
#25,342
Jorki Rasalas said:
I think FD statements are accurate and trustworthy, but also they have a sense of humour, they want the search for Raxxla to be difficult, and their words can (and often are wrt Raxxla) highly ambiguous.

I suspect the “big payoff” for any discoverer of Raxxla is an invitation to visit FD HQ at Cambridge and see the new developments in progress (after signing an NDA). I suspect some have already done so.

So, I think it’s in-game, it’s in the Milky Way, there are clues, but it’s very hard to find. The one thing you didnt mention is the reputed statement by MB that a pilot has visited the system it’s in, honked but didnt find Raxxla. Although there is no evidence to back up this rumour I have no reason to doubt the veracity of the source. So the implication is that Raxxla exists but is either very difficult to detect or it is hidden in plain sight as an everyday object that people just ignore and dont explore.....

So either you need to be very close to Raxxla to honk and detect it, or it’s “dark” and you need to detect it visually (& this may be the real reason for the codex phrase about a dark station, as a hint to the way Raxxla is implemented in-game), or it’s disguised as an everyday object such as an asteroid (the logo may hint at this) or a space station or an npc or an installation (all of which have tunnels which might fit the omphalos hint in the codex).

IMHO these possibilities are far more likely than FD implementing it in a permit-locked system with no way to find the permit.
Click to expand...
Oh I concur 100%; I too believe the same thing.

I am however trained in RL to think a certain way, so I will always consider all possibilities, even those not necessarily conducive or attractive, simply to sense check my own assumptions.

I would like to include that 1 quote, and have to a degree, but it’s veracity is just off the scale by a degree, it needs at least a secondary confirmation to make it more reliable and push my assessment up to ‘likely / probable’ which equates to something like 65-70% probability of being obtainable, which pushes it from a ‘maybe’ to a ‘yes it is’ which is a very high score.

Of course it still doesn’t tell us any more about where to look. But after several years, having confirmation it’s definitely accessible would be encouraging, if not for us old-spacers, then for those who come after us.

Most of my ramblings recently have been for the sake of encouraging critical thinking and starting a good diatribe in this thread; as the conversations / ideas / discussions here are always refreshing.
Last edited: Feb 17, 2022