SergMx
Mar 30, 2023
#29,673
Louis Calvert said:
I think the mention of the need to be Elite is related to the dangers inherent in the quest itself, not a "hard and fast rule" - and comes from a time when Elite-ranking was granted purely on confirmed kills.

My thinking here is that (the secret of) Raxxla is thought to be defended by Elite-ranked pilots, and so anyone seeking Raxxla will need to be Elite-ranked (in the old sense) in order to have any hope of surviving. This is illustrated in the TDW novella where young Ryder has to level up his skills considerably to stand any chance of defeating the Cobra-assassin and therefore progressing to eventually join the Raxxla hunt.

I assume that The Dark Wheel's requirement for Elite-Ranked pilots is both to weed out any who aren't dedicated enough, and the ensure that those that do join The Dark Wheel stand some chance of surviving the dangers of questing. There's very little point in recruiting pilots for them to just be killed by the first minor pirate they encounter. In that way, I assume any Elite ranking is enough since it implies dedication, application, time, survivability, and skill.

Someone who's managed to stay alive long enough to reach Elite in exobio (for example) is someone who's been out there exploring on hostile worlds, dodging pirates along the frontier, maybe even ventured into Thargoid territory and come back alive with samples - while that's not a test of gun-blazing skills, it's certainly a test of combat sense and the ability to avoid death, very valuable skills.

Personally my feeling is that although CQC is a combat test, I'd expect that to be ranked the lest important of all Elite skills (if it's counted at all) since in-universe it's a telepresence combat simulation in a structured environment against similar opponents. It's like a kid who's got a great KDR on Call of Duty comparing themselves to folks in an actual military . While CQC is a great way to develop some skills, I doubt anyone in the Dark Wheel would consider it anything more than a simulation - similar to how Ryder talks about being good in the sims and making the point that 'real life' is vastly different.
Click to expand...
There's just one thing. Showing the CQC rating is taken out of the main game.