Jorki Rasalas
May 14, 2024
#34,060
Rochester said:
Technically I don’t believe objects can physically travel between systems, as we exist in game in instances, surely there is no actual interstellar space aspect in game, otherwise FD should have utilised it?

If it moves FD just increased the complexity of the puzzle unnecessarily, to do so, one would need include additional temporal clues to advertise this, I can’t see that currently within the Codex, although granted somewhere else, but any clues to date are I believe intentional vague.

I think rouge planets exist in game, but that these are either represented either as Brown Dwarfs or ‘captured bodies’, at most they might be a redundant element of FDs more complex and initial designs, which although promoted heavily, never actually made the cut.

Note M Brooke’s identified the existence of dark systems in his book Legacy, even named one. These were originally, as per DB promotions, to be how some mysteries were to be seeded and may have identified rouges?

That said, I am siding on it being a fixed traditional body, certainly something big and probably repurposed, for it to move essentially is, in my opinion counterintuitive to the description of a ‘pendant globe’ eg of it being ‘fixed’ in place?
Click to expand...
Typo- Mars is a rouge planet! You mean "Rogue" planet! A rogue planet is not orbiting a star and should exist in its own instance...though might be found in a star system just not orbiting a barycentre. The orrery view should show it with a hyperbolic trajectory entering and leaving the system

MB confirmed possibility of Rogue Planets in-game when he said "Not all stars have planets, but then again not all planets have suns either"
All things Frontier Developments at E3 2014!
Think it might be "Paradiso Outpost", then an illegible (to me) line and "Independent Jurisdiction" on the line below. Your guess is as good as mine re the build no. It is indeed Paradiso Outpost - it's a deep space exploration support station. Michael
forums.frontier.co.uk
See my FDev quotes thread.

I don't know how we would find a system without a star...it would have extremely low mass and IIRC system names are based on system mass as well as sector location.
Last edited: May 14, 2024
Reactions:
Rochester