Rochester
May 11, 2024
#34,042
Given as I am to accept the Garden theory in telling us ‘where’ Raxxla might be - I am of the mind it might also give us a little hint towards ‘what’ it could be too?

Given it certainly is within a system (an instance), it’s logically either a main body or more likely an asset around a body?

Like with the Lost Realms, this whole endeavour could very likely be a homage to Holdstock, I do think then that what Raxxla is might be somewhat inspired?

The garden design would seem to advocate six marks (trees) around a certain body, I might be inclined to suspect a ringed body (?), and possibly Raxxla then, is either that body, or it’s the six elements around it.

Does this line of enquiry hint towards RH writings as well, such as with his Raxxla Lenses concept?

Or is it another Miltonian reference?

Regards the logo; the outer hexagon might represent the confines of a system, the six spokes = six objects around a body (?), at its centre an Omphalos? Does sound like a Guardian construct…

Or maybe it’s a hollow body, all moons and planets in game are just wireframe shells! it’s possible to break the code and enter these... (by travelling very quickly and abruptly). What if it’s an intentionally hollow planet by design, this might replicate the Miltonian concept, we would not see Raxxla from the outside, as it could technically be in disguise, would one then need to access Raxxla at its apex?, like Satan did when he walked upon the outer sphere of the Crystalline Sphere! Or it’s a gas giant hologram!

If not then I’m probably inclined to think it’s at least physical body surrounded by six objects.

‘He sees, not unconform to other shining globes, Earth and the gard'n of God, with cedars crownd above all hills’. Paradise Lost.

So in PL; we are transported through the outer void cosmology, and travel to the pendant globe, then through its ‘portal’ to our realm, paradise is upon a hill surrounded by cedars… how can that be transposed in game?
Last edited: May 11, 2024
Reactions:
Authari and Jorki Rasalas