Cmdr bubblz93
C
Jan 26, 2022
#25,182
Adel said:
On your post it's definitly Isis (from ancient egypt).
Eos is from greek mythology and despite you can find some similiratires between old cultures, they are not the same person.
Oh I didn't mean isis and eos to be the same person. Just the logo and her seemed strikingly similar. Also she literally carries a sun on her brow and is in later history referred to as the great mother.

Eos on the other hand had many connecting points to me. Being the goddess of dawn(horizons) . Cursed by aphrodites and the story of tithonus(lovers woe) who later became a cicadas(thargoids and the music). She lost two of her sons in the Trojan war(parents grief and the new expansion Odyssey). She's sibling of Sol and married to? Astreaus with her sons being the planets of our system and also known as stars(astrephel and the spiraling stars). Eosphorus often rests on the brow of dawn and is referred to as the brightest of stars( the burning jewel). The connections to me go on but that more or less concludes my first theories.

My second is based on the gaurdians, their talent with Gene manipulation and bio warfare, and obsession with hyperspace. So short and sweet: the gaurdians exiled a group of their people(who were seemingly divided by a societal rift and also by continent aka the rift and the lost continent) we know they were at war with the thargoids but don't know really what was happening. The AI wanted independence and were seeking a way to make themselves [speculation] organic so that the gaurdians would recognize them. Thus turning themselves into the thargoids(given the organic like make up of thargoids) . The remaining Ai revolt and kill off the gaurdians(including a colony on mars) but the gaurdians seeded earth(paradise aka raxxla) thus our resemblance to the only other known bipedal humanoid in the galaxy. The Ai utilized the monolith system through hyperspace, so it appeared that the thargoids came from hyperspace.

Also the FD did say it was right in front of us and WE know where it is.

the mad Ramblings could be genetic memories and thus raxxla the rumor could easily be in speculation in early human space.
Adel said:
On your post it's definitly Isis (from ancient egypt).
Eos is from greek mythology and despite you can find some similiratires between old cultures, they are not the same person.
Reactions:
Adel