Jorki Rasalas
Aug 28, 2022
#26,910
cmdr milesred said:
Re: Horizons, but I will test Odyssey too.

due to people living close..don't want to scare them
so, BT headset only volume at 100% and recorded most of my travels with cooledit2 24bit
each ship I was in, vette, conda, courier, hauler, I tried with and without the trinket
hauler is noisy
vette is super quiet, till you make it go
conda is bangy, loose plates, dunno, kill a welder.

and that is why I think it amplifies signals, because I know the sounds real well in my vette and my conda and normally I have to point at a nebula or a body or a station to hear all the sounds, as well as crank it up to 50% or so.
but with the trinket, suddenly all the sound seems louder and hardly any place is quiet and that is just at my normal 4% volume setting
with the headset on and at 100% its a lot like sitting in a bus station in Norway, very constant din and music everywhere I turn
the din mostly goes away when I turn everything off except life support

the only time my ears hurt was when my ship spotted mission related uss, real nice...ow

when not actually travelling but standing still and listening around, I would use fa off, sometimes turning everything except life support off
doing that to try and focus on what noise was being amplified.

playback was much easier on my head ofc.
and really only shows the pattern or loop the trinket does.
I honestly can't tell yet if any extra noise it makes(outside it's loop) is due to being in a 2t to 16t cargo hold of a bangy ship or because its is excited to see something or detect something.

Game audio is set on Boost, this is mostly because of srv driving and I put the headset on so I can hear everything better, surround sort of.

the loop seems to be about 1 minute , with variations going an extra 10 seconds sometimes.

I am still playing with them
Going to try the cobra I guess, wish it was supposed to be the Cobra IV, I have lots of them built, only using the cobra III for storage items..
And, yes I'll give Dez a try with some in my cargo..

I can't find a lot of info anywhere except this thread on the station numbers that were mentioned by DB. Wiki points out the fed #, and TH with the rest..but if it is as important as he made it sound, I will happily make a list. I already have all the marketID's and systemID's in my database for every place I have been.
If this thing has any AI in it, I will give it an effort to grab its attention...

I'll be happy to start sharing some of the audio once I have some really clear ones, if anyone wants.
Click to expand...
Michael Brookes clarified years ago that DB meant to say “number stations” (a Cold War operation, Google it) and what this meant was the Unregistered Comms Beacons. The Federal Space Port Numbers are meaningless, derived from the system coordinates, they have been analysed already & somewhere theres at least one thread dedicated to the topic.
Reactions:
Rochester and cmdr milesred