simulacrae
Aug 13, 2023
#31,252
Jorki Rasalas said:
personally I’m working on Labrador’s Ears..
But they're always rather gunky!

Ya constant battle with my dogs eyes as well- Hope you feel better soon!

Ive just finished Brookes Tour ... And I find myself back in Sol

For a while I have thought that following Holdstocks tour of the Galaxy had a significance towards our path to Raxxla. The first destination (outside of a couple space stations) is Pluto (where there should be ancient ruins). But we cant land there…

Having recently acquired a copy of the Necronomi...err oh I already have that one… I mean “Lost Realms” by Holdstock and Edwards… at the End of the Book a section is set in the “Future” and this section is talking about the myth of ancient earth and again referring to ancient remains of alien cities and the G'chathraga on Pluto …. But what I find interesting is how it describes it – as a portal to the underworld – and focusing on the tomb: A Tall Pyramid so high above the land that the eagle could hardly fly to its top; it stretched so deep into the underworld that its roots were in Hell itself.

My first thought was that they redid Pluto I think in the Horizons 2.2 but – then ya still cant land there… NASA had just updated pictures of Pluto and Geography like the Cthulu Macula (I thought maybe we are looking for a large mountain and corisponding chasm in the Cthulu Macula) what they also added then was all the extra dwarf planets at the end of the solar system including Persephone...

Were the G'chathraga watching Earth from the most remote of its planetary neighbours?
-From "Lost Reams"

What if ED just shifted it to “current” remotest planet… and kept the theme of the underworld… Persephone is not a real planet in our solar system….


This brings me to the Nemo Point Idea:

Nemo Point is a place in the southern Pacific ocean which is the furthest point from land on the earth. The area was used initially by Lovecraft to be the location of the mythical land of R'lyeh… 60 or so years later it was identified as the furthest point from land and because of that has become a standard “safe” place to drop satellites… It has become a spaceship graveyard….

Nemo Point:
Furthest point away from land on Earth
Chosen place for a spaceship graveyard
Location of R'lyeh

In his house at R'lyeh dead Cthulu waits dreaming….


Persephone:
Most Remote Planet in the Solar System
Heavy gravity causes many crashed space ships
Entrance to the Underworld?

The Dark Wheel was supposedly based at Tionisla Orbital Graveyard before they moved....



Oh ya just saw this Persephone Expedition..
Last edited: Aug 13, 2023
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Rochester and 2 others