Rochester
Aug 12, 2023
#31,245
El Saico said:
Just took the time to map every underworld, otherworld, lost world or related entities that Wikipedia could point me towards.

Apart from a handful of them (Hel, Yama, Naraka, probably some others I forgot) they seem to form a half-sphere centered on Achenar. This brings me to two hypotheses:
this is just Imperial theme naming and we're chasing a false track
they point in the general direction of Raxxla... hopefully
Following on from my assessments of the Lost Realms area in connection with the larger Yggdrasil system there is new information which might widen the search, and is similar to the findings of @El Saico.

From the image below we can see the Yggdrasil systems. I have overlaid the systems which correspond to Greek gods. The white lines all relate to the Triad Goddess focused upon Persephone.

Persephone is at the same focal point for the system Axis Mundi and is encircled by the Greek underworld systems. And the lost Realms system begin there.

Now what I find interesting is that the wider pantheon of Greek gods, shown in green, do seem to occur across the same width of Yggdrasil.

However, Axis Mundi seems off centre in relation to the core centre of Yggdrasil!

Likewise the Lost Realms area, as well as the path of Brookes tour are going away from Axis Mundi.

In that area / direction, there is another focal point of Yggdrasil systems. I believe this identifies a potential intelligence gap.

I am still collecting data on lost realms; is this only half of the story?



Around this area of interest are the following Norse mythological named systems:

Niflhel - Norse mythology, meaning misty hell, could be the lowest area of hell.

Jotunheim - Norse mythology, land of giants, Jotnar - relatives of the gods. It’s located on the edge of the world, far north west, described as a location no one can get to by normal means (mythical lost land?).

For now I believe these Norse systems shown below correctly identify the shape and orientation of Yggdrasil.

Nithhogg - Norse mythology, dragon who gnaws at the root of Yggdrasil, relative to Nilfheim (just above this location).

Jera - Norse Rune, meaning winter, harvest, ending and beginnings.

Laguz - Norse Rune, meaning water and sea.

Algiz - Norse Rune, meaning protection, defence and prosperity.

Ingwaz - Norse Rune, meaning knowledge, perfection and fertility.

Ehwaz - Norse Rune, meaning horse, progress / travel through spiritual realm, Odin.

Also in this area of interest are various systems named after deities. Two such examples are: Njoror of the sea and its riches, and then there is Idunn the keeper of the apples of eternal youth!
Last edited: Aug 13, 2023
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian