Rochester
Aug 13, 2023
#31,254
As above so below, a clear dominion set out in game of a heaven and a hell.

*this list is not definitive and will be updated.

The following list is a compilation of gods I’ve found during my explorations. This by no way definitive, but independent from my Holdstock / Yggdrasil expeditions I noticed a number of odd relationships, and wondered about their placement in game.

At fist everything seemed arbitrary, but following my investigations into Yggdrasil and then the correlation of the Greek wind gods, and a prescribed new alignment I began seeing a pattern.

It looks to me that certain systems named after deities are positioned intentionally to advocate clear division of an upper and lower celestial area.

This same alignment also follows suit with the pantheon of Greek gods, and the Yggdrasil systems.

This effectively goes towards confirming my previous hypothesis, drawing similar comparisons but also oddities, which I feel ties in with the Holdstock Lost Realms area. Where there is a universal focal point advocating an underworld.

I do suspect that certain underworld systems are associated to identify a focal point, and that various links concerning lost realms direct us to this same location, where there is a common theme associated with Robert Holdstock’s theory, as Eden (Raxxla) as a lost realm or an ‘Otherworld’.

Robert Holdstock did utilise the term in his book ‘so above, as below’. Michael Brookes also wrote a few drabbles on a handful of theses entities.

This same pattern I feel marries with the previous Yggdrasil, and Miltonian theory, the path of Persephone and Lost Realms ascribed by the codex. The pattern I feel is directing us to the underworld and some associations with a land of youth (Eden) there-in.

Again this list is not definitive, I have other lists of Gods eg Rome, Greece and Norse, all under construction, not shown here; my focus here was primarily on lesser known gods or those not directly linked to a wider classical pantheon shown in game.

As above (systems with a +Y coordinate)
Boann - Celtic goddess
Danu - Celtic/Greek goddess of nature/knowledge
Asherah - Canaanite mother goddess (wife of El)
Ashtart - Canaanite Great Goddess, partner of Ba'al (the King).
El - Canaanite supreme god*l
Anat - Canaanite warrior goddess (sister of Baal).
Yam - Canaanite god of the sea
Hadad - Canaanite god of storms
Shalim - Canaanite god of dawn
Shapash - Canaanite sun goddess (relative in location to Greek god Helios).
Asherah - Semitic god of fertility and the sea.
Igaluk - Inuit god of the moon.
Malina - Inuit god of the sun.
Badb - Irish war goddess, triad of Morrigan.
Amun - Egyptian god of the sun and air.
Atum - Egyptian Sun god.
Shu - Egyptian god, peace, lions, air, and wind.
Geb - Egyptian Earth god, farther of snakes.
Osiris - Egyptian god, death and rebirth.
Nephthys - Egyptian god, sky and air.
Dea Motrona - Welsh mother goddess who gave birth to Mabon god of Light.
Sheela Na Gig - mother goddess/ fertility.
Shakpana (alt name Obaluayé, Sakpata, Soponna) Yoruba deity of disease / healing.
Sakpata (alt name Obaluayé, Shakpana, Soponna) Yoruba deity of disease / healing.
Olorun - Yoruba, deity who lived in the sky.
Oloduma - Yoruba supreme being
Orishis - Yoruba divine spirits.
Yoruba - Yoruba people’s.
Yama - Hindi god of death, king of hell!
Xolotl - Aztec god of sunset, fire, lightning, and death.

So below (systems with a -Y coordinate)
Aramzahd - Armenian creator god.
Aine - Celtic goddess sister of Boann.
Cernunnos - Celtic male fertility god.
Epona - Celtic goddess of horses and fertility (Holdstock links her to Avalon)!
El Tio - Bolivian lord of underworld
Erlik - Turkic Lord of underwold
Giltine - Lithuanian Goddess of death
Idunn - Norse goddess of the apples of eternal youth!
Yawa - Filipino slang for demon
Dana - Celtic Earth mother!
Don - Celtic mother goddess.
Donn - Celtic god, the dark one.
Anu - Celtic Earth mother linked to triad of the Morrigan.
Long - Chinese dragon
Lei Gong - Chinese thunder god.
Baal - Canaanite god of fertility, associated with Beezlebub
Mot - Canaanite god of death
Qetesh - Canaanite goddess of fertility / Egyptian goddess lady of the stars of heaven!
Anu - Mesopotamian god of heaven/sky!
Tiamat - Mesopotamian primordial god of the sea.
Apsu - Babylonian origin god, underground waters.
Nana Buluku - Yoruba god, river and earth*
Oya and Shango (body in Set), Yoruba gods of lighting and river gods. Set, Egyptian god instigator of confusion.
Obaluaye - Yoruba god, Earth god / disease and healing.
Oromila - Yoruba demi-dod of fivinity and wisdom.
Aje - Yoruba god, wealth.
Yawa - Yoruba god, rivers.
Tefnut - Egyptian god, rain.
Nut - Egyptian god, sky and heavens.
Isis - Egyptian god, mother, magic and healing.
Horus- Egyptian god, war and sky.
Nu - Egyptian god of destruction / water.
Nekhbet - Egyptian goddess, protector of the south.
Imentet - Egyptian goddess, She of the west.
Sopedu - Egyptian sky god, Sharp-One, or Lord of the East, a border-guardian.
Mabon - Welsh god of Light and the son of the Earth Mother Goddess, Dea Motrona.
Ra - Egyptian sun god.
Rid - Slavic gods who lived in the cosmic tree.
Soponna (alt name Obaluayé, Sakpata, Shakpana) Yoruba deity of disease / healing.
Yemaia - Yoruba deity mother goddess.
Teshub - Hurrians storm god.
Marduk - Sumerian Sun god.
Tlaloc - Aztec god of water and fertility.
Arawn - Welsh Lord of Otherworld / Lord of death.
Ankou - Breton servant of death.
Erio - Basque god of death.
Czernobog - Slavic god of death.
Morana - Slavic goddess of death and rebirth.
Mara - Slavic Earth mother.
Sin - Mesopotamia Moon god linked to Gilgamesh.
Gilgamesh - Sumerian king.

Last edited: Nov 17, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae, Edelgard von Rhein and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian