Louis Calvert
Jan 23, 2024
#33,102
Rochester said:
I understand now, so in theory the signal broadcasts ‘everywhere’, the signal source is effectively irrelevant, but the point of listening isn’t.

That there exists only one location in the galaxy which is a fulcrum and these signals align only at that point to become ‘harmonious’.

This location then may be what the Codex, identifies, fly to that particular zone and listen and we understood?
That's a great way of putting it

I think the Codex is mostly giving us the framework to understand the Raxxla Myth itself, and some starting clues to find the Landscape Signal, as per my post here and here. I'm unsure if it contains any hints at locations other than pointing at the centre of the Galaxy though, it might do, but I think if there are additional clues that they're elsewhere in the lore.

Rochester said:
This makes sense to me, and ties nicely with the ‘silent song of the spheres’ concept
Hadn't even thought of that! Nice connection
Rochester said:
and the visions about the caretakers of the galaxy. It affects only certain people because they were in the correct place, to hear it.
Yes! Although... I assume there's a lot we don't understand (like why Halsey and Gan and the Rift crewmember, and not Gan's wife, a member of the Guardian wing, or any of the other Rift crewmembers?).

I have ideas... but they're just theorycrafting right now. I'm trying to find something more tangible.
Rochester said:
So the quest continues as normal, except rather than trying to only look for some unremarkable moon etc we also need to consider the audio.
I think so. I think the intention in gameplay terms is that we'd have recognised the Landscape Signal sooner (has been there since the start) and so we'd already have been looking for compatible clues. The Codex was trying to tell us that too but it took another couple of years before the Landscape Signal was picked up, and even now it's not widely considered interesting.
Rochester said:
Obstacles:
The obvious downside is not everyone is an audio engineer (unless we work collectively), or unless said signal become incredibly obvious, like a moment of enlightenment!

If Raxxla is not initially visual nor physical no wonder no one’s found it, granted said signal when decrypted could still point us elsewhere, but how many of us play with the sound down/off?

I would hope good design work to have also incorporated a visual cue as well, as is with the ‘visions’ - an area of the void illuminated.
Yes, I think this might be what DB meant when he allegedly said "...and we know why people haven't found it".

Once you know what to listen for the Landscape Signal is incredibly hard to miss even in casual play, but I heard it for years, I even remember hearing it when I started properly playing when Horizons launched and thinking "oh, that's just the sound the Milky Way makes, that's cool, spooky". I never considered for even a second that it was anything more than background sound.

My guess is that if other compatible audio sources exist, they'll be similarly recognisable in such a way as to be identifiable by any player who is "alert" - or maybe we could say "has eyes to see"?

It's also fully possible that other clues are visual or have other features to identify them, I really have no further ideas on what to look for

Unfortunately that's the massive flaw in my theory here; until we find one of the other "pieces of the map", then it could be anything or nothing. It's impossible to prove it either way until something is found, and then presumably once (if) one other piece is found, then we'll know what we're looking for. Until then it's just an idea that I happen to think fits pretty well

As you say, the quest continues, only now hopefully people will also be listening to game sounds a bit harder. I do very much think it'll be a space sound, if that helps, since the Landscape Signal can't be heard within Horizons areas - so that means stellar bodies, stations, maybe even specific locations in space.
Reactions:
Quaero, Rochester and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian