Thatchinho
May 28, 2019
#8,238
Tacticus2711 said:
Don’t know if anyone’s mentioned this before but I’ve had an idea whilst eating breakfast. Recently I’ve been unlocking guardian and Thargoid technology and well it was cool, last night I uncovered my first Thargoid active site and activated the internal thingy. Now once done a spiral of small lights appear on the ceiling and revolve around the center,all white in colour. Now this morning I thought to my self ‘ hey does that look exactly like the spiral arms of a galaxy?’ So I did some digging and found that the shape of this light show is indeed one of a galaxy. But not ours well at least the shape isn’t exact. It is actually (from what I’ve managed to work out) the closest one two us. I believe Raxxla might be a inter Galactic gate way rather than universal. Now here comes the bit which I discovered a minute ago. One of the lights on the Thargoid light show thing appears red, only subtly but it appears to look selected with a white glow in the centre and a red highlight on the outside, I spent an age looking at this and trying to find any others that where the same to no avail, if this is the case than the Thargoids could have traveled here through these gateways, a intergalactic interface much like what how we travel between solar systems they travel through galactic ones. The dark wheel are also rumoured to utilise an orb ‘like’ technology and I believe the Thargoids may be the key to this as we know that the FSD tech came originally from reverse engineering there ship. I am currently overlapping this galaxy with our one and using the selected area to try and identify the area where they overlap and then travel to it. This could again be useless or already though of but it was strange how only one, not two or three, one of these lights looked this way

Maybe the Thargoids are the key to the mystery, there surface sites a map of there host galaxy and or a different dimensional version of ours. The idea of a tesseract or the other things in the post a little bit above mine could be the locations of the Thargoid active sites? I don’t know where they all are so..

(If I have any ideas here that is wrong let me know but I thought it might be worth someone else having a look at this. I don’t have screen shots because for some reason my iPad can’t upload them and I play on the PS4)
Click to expand...
Don’t think it was covered hugely in this thread but the display when activating the Thargoid Device was extensively discussed elsewhere. No solid conclusions though.

Always good to see someone coming up with thoughts on that stuff independently though!

Interesting spot on the highlighted/selected/red spot. Can’t remember that being mentioned before, though others might know better on that one. Anyway, would be great to see a screenshot if you can get one. Also would be good to post it over in the Alien Archaeology and other Mysteries thread https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threa...ing-news-theories-and-tinfoil-hattery.380504/ which is probably more of a natural home for it.

If Raxxla being a portal, then it being inter-galaxy rather than inter-universe is something that’s been floated before and is certainly something that could be the case - it would fit with a potential retcon of the original Elite’s different galaxies and inter-galactic jumps to being different areas in this galaxy, and intra-galactic jumps.

Not sure on The Dark Wheel and ‘orb’ technology. Sounds suspiciously like fan-fic rather than anything canon. Have you got a source for it?

Also, on the FSD front, I’m not sure that it was developed from Thargoid tech. There’s rumours, but some of those seem to come from a bit of a misreading of the timeline with respect to INRA’s experimentation with Thargoid hyperspace tech. That fits more with the hyperdrive tech that was used between ~3150 and 3300. The capture and retro-engineering of Thargoid drives would have been prior to 3150.

(For reference, from the INRA logs, the issue wasn’t getting the Thargoid hyperdrive tech to work in general - it worked fine for ships. The issue was trying to get it work without it catastrophically distorting any biologicals inside the ship.)

Oh and the Thargoid sites are all in a bubble around Merope. Though it’s a fair bet that there are other fully complete and active versions - of whatever the sites actually are - elsewhere in the galaxy, with the Cone sector and surrounding regions being a prime candidate.

Anyway, if we’re talking rumours, the rumour I’d always heard was that the Thargoids had also heard of the rumour of Raxxla, but that they weren’t particularly interested in it and that Soontil was to them what Raxxla is/was to humans.
Reactions:
yelboc