Tacticus2711
May 28, 2019
#8,229
Don’t know if anyone’s mentioned this before but I’ve had an idea whilst eating breakfast. Recently I’ve been unlocking guardian and Thargoid technology and well it was cool, last night I uncovered my first Thargoid active site and activated the internal thingy. Now once done a spiral of small lights appear on the ceiling and revolve around the center,all white in colour. Now this morning I thought to my self ‘ hey does that look exactly like the spiral arms of a galaxy?’ So I did some digging and found that the shape of this light show is indeed one of a galaxy. But not ours well at least the shape isn’t exact. It is actually (from what I’ve managed to work out) the closest one two us. I believe Raxxla might be a inter Galactic gate way rather than universal. Now here comes the bit which I discovered a minute ago. One of the lights on the Thargoid light show thing appears red, only subtly but it appears to look selected with a white glow in the centre and a red highlight on the outside, I spent an age looking at this and trying to find any others that where the same to no avail, if this is the case than the Thargoids could have traveled here through these gateways, a intergalactic interface much like what how we travel between solar systems they travel through galactic ones. The dark wheel are also rumoured to utilise an orb ‘like’ technology and I believe the Thargoids may be the key to this as we know that the FSD tech came originally from reverse engineering there ship. I am currently overlapping this galaxy with our one and using the selected area to try and identify the area where they overlap and then travel to it. This could again be useless or already though of but it was strange how only one, not two or three, one of these lights looked this way

Maybe the Thargoids are the key to the mystery, there surface sites a map of there host galaxy and or a different dimensional version of ours. The idea of a tesseract or the other things in the post a little bit above mine could be the locations of the Thargoid active sites? I don’t know where they all are so..

(If I have any ideas here that is wrong let me know but I thought it might be worth someone else having a look at this. I don’t have screen shots because for some reason my iPad can’t upload them and I play on the PS4)

Edit: have a look later through the posts for more on my discoveries
Last edited: May 28, 2019
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Count dEstard, Rochester and 1 other person