[PS4] Filthymick420
Aug 27, 2019
#11,432
Six6VI said:
Expanding slightly on the previous post, what's to say there isn't a tourist beacon in Polaris, or several even, that already contain a cypher for the first line of the tribute that will lead us somewhere else to find the cypher for line two, then three, with each system permit locked until released with a major update?

So, lets say for example the next II presents a new threat, like a different type of Thargoid and the week 1 CG is to collect bug samples which go to Palin and Ram Tah, who remembers something relevant from Guardian lore and organises an unlock for the Regor sector and sends us out for mapping data in week 2.

Week 3 we get a tip off that Ram Tah found some new sites, we go explore them and find blueprints for a new gizmo at the tech brokers in week 4 that can be used to translate Thargoid battle strategies, thus augmenting the Eagle Eye system and helping us identify the assets of the two different factions.

This early in development it's unlikely, but possible the Regor sector may also contain a clue to the TDW and Raxxla stories. It's also possible this new interceptor is the Oresrian cavalry we've been waiting for? We may at last be able to communicate in a meaningful way instead of just 'sciencing' them with guns?

They might tell us about a prior encounter with humans when we still knew what and where Raxxla was or they might know the location of the TDW station? If they can't communicate directly there may be more Guardian ruins, or maintained and functional sites with a complete encyclopedia, we don't know.

Trying to brute force the sandbox into giving up it's secrets is at least getting the exploration done so it's not a total waste of time but, if what we're hunting for, or the clues that represent the steps towards it are permit locked, or stuck in the development schedule because they can't do Y content until after X works...

The ride has been pretty good so far, lets wait and see what FDev throws at us next...

[Edit: There are bazillions of permit locked systems, plenty to keep us busy for a while]
Click to expand...
Send resume to frontier lol
Reactions:
bluecrash