CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 2, 2021
#22,552
Darth Ender said:
I'd be interested to hear the lore for why an alien planet/station/ship which either didn't exist until fairly recently and humans just found out about it or has existed since thargoids previously tried venturing in the area millions of years ago as they are apparently currently aware of it and we learned it from them or we found out about it via the martian artifact that is millions of years old and it somehow for some reason was placed in a way that would only make any sense on Earth circa human civilization since that's the only position in the galaxy (and time) where the constellations "solve" this treasure map.
As best I can tell, the lore is the way it is because humans stumbled on the location during the early days of human expansion and colonization (that being said I think it was an indirect discovery via the early hyperspace probes). Given where the data is hinting at and given availability of hyperspace tech that is why I believe the first discovery was indirect. Anyway, given humans penchant for storytelling an elaborate story was crafted that simultaneously hid from sight yet told those with sufficient awareness where Raxxla is located. That being said Raxxla is likely very, very old. The funny thing is this doesn't get us closer to the real headquarters of The Dark Wheel. It is my personal belief the real headquarters is in Federal space behind one of the unknown acquisition method permits or one of several supposedly uninhabited systems in the Bubble. Keep in mind, per tourist beacons in Shinrarta Dezra The Dark Wheel and Elite Pilots' Federation are super-elite sub-groups of the main Pilots' Federation. By the way, the Dark Wheel station was probably established by the time humans were in early colonization of our 2nd or 3rd system. But the distances involved here suggest if humans have been to Raxxla it was much more recent (unless you accept that early TDW people were either loaded or connected back to a large corporation or the military). If large sums of money were involved, it came either via Salomé or Mic Turner's father. I strongly suspect the larger money came in approximately the same time as early GalCop / Birthright Wars. I believe though cannot prove that Turner's father knew a lot about the early Thargoids again likely via hyperspace probes and then funded Adamastor and Hesperus to look into early info on Thargoids/Raxxla/Soontill (keep in mind the real Soontill was apparently loaded with Thargoid technology).
Last edited: Apr 2, 2021
Reactions:
clavain and Vetinari