El Saico
Sep 11, 2023
#31,589
About system placement: there are a handful of systems in the bubble with perfectly integer coordinates on all axes, which can raise an eyebrow.
Jackson's Lighthouse - "A magnetar star formed from the collision and collapse of a previous dwarf binary system in 2672. Highly hazardous." Everyone's neutron star next door, surrounded by a gas giant and five brown dwarves.
Andancan - "A tiny population of less than a thousand, divided between Newtown and de Gaul, eke out a living in asteroid mining. Only the best armed traders survive. It's the kind of place you go to dump the bodies." How comfy. Has a Coriolis station called SVP and a few Odyssey settlements on its first planet, New Bactra.
Treima - No description. First planet is called Haumod and also has a Coriolis station, Mooz's Hope. Treima 8 is a gas giant with eight moons, while Treima 9 has nine; the latest of which being ringed.
Liabefa - "A small but growing corporate system run by Wreaken Construction and Mining, the population has grown dramatically since 3200. Liabefa's Type M flare star is a space tourist highlight during active periods and features in the annual Astrogator sightseeing guide." An uninhabited system, which contradicts its description.
Darahk - "A small mining colony, known for good card games and hardy contract workers. The system has five planets. The largest, Darahk V, has vast acidic oceans, a picturesque view for an adventurous tourist." Has a Coriolis station orbiting Darahk II, called Noblehome.
Miola - "A tiny colony in 3195, Miola expanded rapidly as part of the 'Freeborn' movement. In 3265, an outbreak of fever stemming from a rescued pilot in Harris hospital decimated the planetary population, turning the settlement into a ghost town. Only the space station is now occupied." The first planet is called Minta and is orbited by a Coriolis station, Harris Hospital.
Konohi - No description; nothing of note, either.
Reactions:
Hanerib, Han_Zen, simulacrae and 1 other person