Jorki Rasalas
Apr 6, 2023
#29,775
yelboc said:
Well, Legacy was touted originally as a follow on to the original DW novella. But the actual story doesn't come across like that at all, being about the struggles of a small mining community and its independent faction.

But under the surface there may be some interesting aspects.

In AHTW, the CIEP (who are a splinter of TDW) hold a council meeting, and among the members of the inner circle is Hamer the Fisherman. In Legacy, there is Hammer who's anaconda is made to look like a weak trader vessel but is a trap for pirates. So surely, he is Hammer the Fisherman (complete with mis-spellings, but the editing of both books is pretty weak). So there may be at least one DW member in the story. Ofc he gets killed, so there's no ongoing thread there..
Click to expand...
“Legacy was billed in the Kickstarter campaign as a sequel to The Dark Wheel, however, I was expecting more of a direct follow up ...There was a throwaway reference to Raxxla near the beginning the story but...”
MB “It was more of a spiritual successor than a direct sequel. We did look at a story involving Raxxla, but felt that was a story that should be played out in game rather than as a novel.”

Fiction - Elite: Legacy
You spelt my name wrong? And after all we've been through? ;) Cheers, Drew. I could blame somebody else for this travesty - but that would be a lie. Michael
forums.frontier.co.uk

EDIT:
OK, new hypothesis!
“Raxxla is a story to be played out in-game”, but maybe there are clues in some of the official novels.
If Hamer is the same character as Hammer the Fisherman, a member of the AHTW’s CIEP inner circle, then the hidden station taken over by TDW is the CIEP’s station from ATHT? Perhaps there are clues in Legacy to the location of that station? I cant see any clues in AHTW; I (& many others) have looked in that book for clues to the station’s location, but perhaps the FD obfuscation has put the clues in another (or perhaps several) book(s)? The change of Hammer to Hamer fooled me completely...

MB did say ”you have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious just so that people know what they are doing”, and he did write Legacy, and he was the Executive Producer so ideally placed to coordinate various book storylines... I’ve always treated the books as separate (apart from Drew’s two), but perhaps this was the fundamental error...

BUT while MB was Exec Producer the game/books etc did seem to be a multi-media experience!
Last edited: Apr 6, 2023
Reactions:
Han_Zen, Dox Paradox and Rochester