Rochester
Apr 6, 2023
#29,770
yelboc said:
There is one very brief mention of a childrens story in Elite:Legacy:

"It seemed natural to me that a girl didn't go to school. Or have toys to play with. I didn't know that it wasn't normal for an entire family to live in a tiny cell. I was too young to work, so while my mother and father slaved in the mines, I remained locked in the cell alone. I had no form of entertainment except for a book, a single book about a young man's quest to save a princess from an alien dragon. My father must have bought it on the black market. He couldn't have got it from anywhere else.

"I still have that book."
Yes - me too, and this was one of my potential allusions, wanted to see if anyone else saw it. It’s been discussed here previously but, I do wonder if Freeholm or the Artemis system (twin sister of Apollo) have some importance based upon this reference in that text to a childrens story?

Artemis doesn’t correlate with any of the existing systems linked to my Underworld hypothesis, although I’d certainly place it within the lower celestial sphere.



My assumptions are looking for abstraction, looking for potential ‘creative’ esoteric interpretations rather than directly specific or literal ones.

The fact that Brookes, a primary potential source for developing the current Raxxla mythos, also penned an official tie-in book for ED, which actually references a children’s story I find very intriguing.

It might not be Artemis, it could be something else within that book, or it could relate to ‘any’ location or characters from any other children’s story!

We have a potential area populated by systems named after the underworld and hidden or lost kingdoms… I’m not saying it is this particular interpretation, I’m just speculating.

The codex reads almost like prose, which much like the works of Milton or Sidney are densely packed with imagery which build picturesque environments, which might draw a path through space or identify a specific area for investigation.
Last edited: Apr 6, 2023
Reactions:
Dox Paradox and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian