yelboc
Apr 6, 2023
#29,777
Jorki Rasalas said:
“Legacy was billed in the Kickstarter campaign as a sequel to The Dark Wheel, however, I was expecting more of a direct follow up ...There was a throwaway reference to Raxxla near the beginning the story but...”
MB “It was more of a spiritual successor than a direct sequel. We did look at a story involving Raxxla, but felt that was a story that should be played out in game rather than as a novel.”

Fiction - Elite: Legacy
You spelt my name wrong? And after all we've been through? ;) Cheers, Drew. I could blame somebody else for this travesty - but that would be a lie. Michael

EDIT:
OK, new hypothesis!
“Raxxla is a story to be played out in-game”, but maybe there are clues in some of the official novels.
If Hamer is the same character as Hammer the Fisherman, a member of the AHTW’s CIEP inner circle, then the hidden station taken over by TDW is the CIEP’s station from ATHT? Perhaps there are clues in Legacy to the location of that station? I cant see any clues in AHTW; I (& many others) have looked in that book for clues to the station’s location, but perhaps the FD obfuscation has put the clues in another (or perhaps several) book(s)? The change of Hammer to Hamer fooled me completely...

MB say ”you have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious just so that people know what they are doing”, and he write Legacy, and he was the Executive Producer so ideally placed to coordinate various book storylines... I’ve always treated the books as separate (apart from Drew’s two), but perhaps this was the fundamental error...

BUT while MB was Exec Producer the game/books etc did seem to be a multi-media experience!
Click to expand...
I think the station thing is on the mark. The codex says abandoned and thats exactly what the CIEPs stations were. Natural for TDW to take them back under its auspices after the CIEPs decimation. CIEP also probably still exist, but much diminished, according to the authors comments.

Gunn's CIEP station has a fairly detailed description of its environs, but alas all system descriptions in the novels are unreliable as things changed after their final edit. The GG in the book, called there 'Middleton', does not exist anywhere under that name, again due likely to the botched implementation of the authors requests for systems in game. The cockups here are legion - some systems have swapped assets due to human error. All of this makes finding the CIEP assets extremely difficult.

The author's notes at https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threa...eel-may-contain-spoilers.402645/#post-6366667 are instructive and also give a fair view of some of the issues between FD and the authors with respects to accuracy of the in game data.

Certainly there is some attempt between the authors to drop little cross links in between books - the CIEP council being a prime example with it also having Luko on board. Would that we could identify the others, particularly The Architect , as he is likely running the CIEP show now.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Jorki Rasalas