Rochester
Nov 30, 2022
#28,154
Louis Calvert said:
Hmmmm..... they're all really good points on all sides.... sadly. Really then, "Dark Wheel probably haven't found Raxxla yet, but could have done".

I suppose @Virtual Yoda started me wondering if finding the Dark Wheel is even worth considering at all?

If the Dark Wheel hasn't found Raxxla, then the Toast doesn't actually mean anything useful, right? So it make sense to just ignore that entirely?
No, IMO it can still mean something. If FD wanted to write the DW and Raxxla story off it could be done via the Codex and yes you could read both to support that assumption… however both provide ‘new’ data, not previously provide before: a potential DW station, a description of where it could reside or may have originated if moved; the next is Tau Ceti, then 2296 and the term Omphalos.

If you wanted to write it off you would not insert new data, and the text would be more obvious in spelling such a dead end. But it’s intentional left vague with deliberate identifying elements which contextualise the subject into the present indicating something can be interacted with.

If that’s not the case then FD have put themselves in a very difficult situation.

It’s this logic that helped establish the DW missions as removed, not deleted but archived, they still could be turned back on, as FD stated, at some point in the future.

In regards the DW, certainly I feel right now missions and trinkets won’t lead anyplace.

But there being the potential for a station and it being out there to be found, it fits the existing mechanics FD utilise, eg Gen ships, just it’s under low power so likely doesn’t appear of scanners, only the Mki eyeball.

It, I presume is a dead hulk and has audio logs all over it which expand the DW lore / history and probably draw a line under it; it really depends upon what the original DW missions lead to.

Considering that Raxxla was indirectly referenced in the old DW missions linked to the ‘bogus’ branch of the DW, it’s viable they won’t be linked to the station. One can’t tell for certain.

We need to consider the following about the historical in game clues, I have a feeling the ‘story to be played out in game’ was to lead us originally through our existing narrative, to hint towards Guardians. There I feel may not have actually have been a Raxxla resolution and the ‘revelation’ being its all just Guardian lore…or a red herring and it hinted at Raxxla being something else?

The point that FD archived that story thread for years, tells me they potentially jumped chapters and discarded the old DW missions as that’s just, easier; or they weren’t related nor relevant to their bigger narrative…

If that’s true its likely we are seeing the Raxxla narrative right now?

In regards to the DW station, that is ‘new’ data so it’s potentially findable in my opinion regardless of Raxxla.

Raxxla I presume is either now tied directly to the narrative and involves various narrative gates…in which case I suspect it’s all tied to Delphi….

Alternatively, if you follow the logic that ‘Raxxla’ is more relevant to Holdstock, it being the work of Brookes and Stroud not Braben, then it’s separate (I hope it is). If it’s separate then it’s findable.

Remember FD told us the Mars Relic was narrative and no one batted an eyelid and just accepted it; they then told us Raxxla was in game; they never told told us about Thargoids nor Guardians… those being narrative. FD insert content over time… so if Raxxla is a separate story or thing then it’s out there… we need to establish if it’s narratively tied to the bigger ‘Braben’ 10 year narrative if that even was Braben core intent; or if it’s a separate project of Brookes, if so it’s more likely just out there….

If it’s separate then it’s like the potential DW station - just out there, and if so, all the references to an ‘outer rim’, ‘silent sing of the spheres’ etc is likewise still relevant.

No one knows. That’s why we quest. It could just be down the back of the sofa… I checked mine, nothing…
Last edited: Nov 30, 2022
Reactions:
Darrack and Louis Calvert