Louis Calvert
Nov 30, 2022
#28,160
Rochester said:
A DW station; Tau Ceti; 2296 and Omphalos. That’s plenty to go on, and at most gives us a solid ‘maybe’…maybe something randomly is just out there, maybe it is not; maybe this something is tied up into the narrative, maybe it is not… but it’s not a definitive zero.
Han_Zen said:
I think ot’s pretty safe to assume that TDW haden’t found Raxxla by 3301.
Rochester said:
If it’s separate then it’s like the potential DW station - just out there, and if so, all the references to an ‘outer rim’, ‘silent sing of the spheres’ etc is likewise still relevant.
Han_Zen said:
The toast can be useful. I think it is relatively likely that the Dark Wheel have 'a piece of the map' that we don't have access to. It would actually surprise me if the journey to Raxxla, does not require interaction with TDW.
Han_Zen said:
I suspect that 'how to get there' as opposed to 'where it is', means that we are not just talking about a location. Finding Raxxla requires knowledge. Part of the required knowledge is likely available from TDW. The rest we have to figure out our self.

Ok y'all make good points as usual

So, the Dark Wheel Shinrarta is most likely (definitely) not the Real Dark Wheel - so, assume that's a clue, what do we take from that?

"Oh, they're out there alright. I've never met them, but I know they're out there. Think about how well known the stories are. Now think about how easy it would be for some two-bit band of hucksters to pass themselves off as the Dark Wheel and start trading on their reputation. Doesn't happen, does it? Not for long, anyway. Whenever someone tries to usurp the Dark Wheel name, sooner or later they get quietly shut down. And that's how I know"

- Felicy Farseer, explorer

This is from the DW codex, of course Felicity is pretty dang certain that the Real Dark Wheel takes out imitators quickly "Doesn't happen, does it? Not for long, anyway.". Yet at the time of the Codex (3304) the Shinrarta Dark Wheel has been operating with impunity for 4 years, and has been for another 4 years since.

What do we make of this?


Jorki Rasalas said:
I personally suspect that the mission description “Place that is not a place, door that is also the key” was deemed a little too revealing
Maidor said:
Raxxla was chased too fervously, but it was probably for an end game narrative, so it was pushed into hidding even further, reacting to players actions.
Doesnt mean the narrative was necessarily removed, I just think it moved on and advanced.
Agreed on both.

"Place that is not a place, door that is also the key" I agree with Jorki that this is the same clues as: "the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed. " from the codex. And as others have said, it's likely that the "silent song of the spheres" might be the same clues as the mention of "Siren of the deepest void". Which, if not helpful in the slightest, does lean towards a retooling of the clues rather than a deletion of the path as Maidor suggests.
Reactions:
Rochester