Jorki Rasalas
Nov 30, 2022
#28,157
Rochester said:
No, IMO it can still mean something. If FD wanted to write the DW and Raxxla story off it could be done via the Codex and yes you could read both to support that assumption… however both provide ‘new’ data, not previously provide before: a potential DW station, a description of where it could reside or may have originated if moved; the next is Tau Ceti, then 2296 and the term Omphalos.

If you wanted to write it off you would not insert new data, and the text would be more obvious in spelling such a dead end. But it’s intentional left vague with deliberate identifying elements which contextualise the subject into the present indicating something can be interacted with.

If that’s not the case then FD have put themselves in a very difficult situation.

It’s this logic that helped establish the DW missions as removed, not deleted but archived, they still could be turned back in as FD stated, at some point in the future.
Click to expand...
Mmm
“Deleted” or “archived”, the point is moot I think.
We’ve been told several times that Raxxla is in-game, & has been from the pre-release version.
So why could those old E/F missions have been removed?
I suspect possibilities are:
1) They were deemed too obvious (!) and FD wanted to delay discovery of Raxxla
2) They were total red herrings and FD wanted to avoid consequent salt. We now know I think that DW in SD is a false front so that faction could not know anything about Raxxla & therefore those missions could not lead to Raxxla (unless they accidentally gave away a significant hint about its location ).
3) They were partial red herrings (pink herrings? ) in that while DW in SD is a false front it would have led to the real DW who perhaps do know something about Raxxla. Don’t forget that those missions seemed to be given by the Pilots Federation (& we are told by a TB that the real DW is a subfaction of PF) targeted against the SD DW faction. Perhaps this part of the storyline was deemed too complex/simple/confusing....(choose your own adjective here!)
4) FD decided with the advent of the new mission system that they had a better way of implementing the “Raxxla storyline”, more in keeping with the lore and mystery of the game and a “Raxxla storyline”

Any suggestions for further possibilities? The reasoning for the old mission removal could be a combination of these, or other, reasons.

I personally suspect that the mission description “Place that is not a place, door that is also the key” was deemed a little too revealing, as I think the door is the Omphalos Rift, it’s hidden (concealed &/or disguised as something else) somewhere & it leads to Raxxla which is a place that only currently exists on the FD server until the gateway is found to trigger its instance download to the player’s machine, though it might hint at association with a black hole (the obvious meaning of “place that’s not a place”). I also suspect that the new (in 2016, when those old missions were removed) missions system has been used to replace those old E/F missions, but for some reason we aren’t finding the relevant missions in the “Raxxla storyline”. Those new missions would have to be rare...

My current concern is that with the incursion of the Stargoid Maelstrom Wibbles I suspect passenger missions in particular may become impracticable, and we may need to find it by more direct mechanisms which I suspect are also hinted at.

But what do I know....
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and Rochester