Rochester
Nov 29, 2022
#28,149
yelboc said:
If we rely only on what is known in-game, then the balance of the data says Raxxla doesn't exist, being purely a myth, compared with other famously absent mythical places, and all data given as being questionable. But this is at odds with the statements of Braben and Brookes, so we have to admit to their being more than is in the codex, or else several people are conspiring to deceive, which is unlikely.
In regards to the last part it’s debatable, reading the codex text straight it only identifies three key findings, Tau Ceti; 2296 and Omphalos.

Following this logic. If all other text on that Codex is just literal, then it’s just flavour. Fine.

You still have evidence. FD confirming, something relates to Tau Ceti, something relates to Omphalos. At most that’s a 50% maybe. I wouldn’t say a flat out zero.

The ’data’ can indicate a possible area of influence, the data could indicate a relationship with Delphi.

In regards to the utilisation of terms like Prester John, Astrophel etc, I suspect that’s narrative retconning, FD potentially saying forget what you know, everything you thought you knew is now off the table.

This I believe is evidenced in the DW Codex; on its own it’s debatable, but the text is another logical statement ergo the DW are bogus - stated as so by DW who confirmed that was in his lore brief from FD); the description that the invite can never be proven or known.

This is backed up by FD confirming the DW missions were removed, and any permits or invites not turned on. So I presume the DW codex is a form of narrative retconning; albeit it contains 2 new bits of real data (like the Raxxla codex) the existence of a DW station and a location description.

So it’s possibly a 50% maybe, that there is either a DW station ‘just’ out there; or / and a ‘Raxxla’ elements in game; or if not, then at least ‘something’ that stands in as a narrative gate. Something we may have already found and interacted with.

Not an absolute zero, a decent maybe. Within a probability scoring a ‘maybe’ sits halfway, anything lower, such as uncertain is assessed as lower than 50% not by the absence of information but by the presence of information which confirms it’s none existence,

The absence of information is just called an intelligence gap - too many of these and your investigation is too wide, and open to bias, and you need to reassess your database of information, and reduce your number of questions and start over.

Eg you don’t ask ‘does Raxxla exist’ or is ‘Raxxla in game, That’s too wide, but: ‘what does the Codex state that’s in game’ that you can draw evidence from and potentially draw an assessment or assumptions…

There is additional evidence. The presence of the codex is also relevant. If FD had removed all trace of the DW and Raxxla then why broadcast it in such a manner, at most it identifies a something, if it’s supposed to identify a zero then why include all this ‘new’ data? FD would have been better drawing a line under it, but they did not!

A DW station; Tau Ceti; 2296 and Omphalos. That’s plenty to go on, and at most gives us a solid ‘maybe’…maybe something randomly is just out there, maybe it is not; maybe this something is tied up into the narrative, maybe it is not… but it’s not a definitive zero.
Last edited: Nov 30, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert