Rochester
Jan 26, 2023
#29,054
Exploration, what a silly thing

Pondering for a moment, on how exploration exists today as different as it was originally planned, proposed and publicly promoted, I wonder how much of this impacted the lore and narrative.

Originally I’m a backer so I can recall, but please correct me if my memory fails me… exploration sort of should have worked as follows.

You set off and go beyond the bubble into the void, unable to really travel much further, hindered as you would be by an absence of navigational data.

This data would be obtained by scanning for certain types of stars, it wasn’t confirmed if this would be via a hyperspace probe or just a ship based scanner, but effectively you would get a heat map which told you the best place to try.

Anyhoo that’s the exact line which got me to pony up the Credits for my backer investment, it sounded like great fun…

If you chose poorly your ship encountered a dark system (likely a randomised mechanic never confirmed) these being essentially brown dwarfs, cold stars etc which generally never appeared on the galaxy map.

However said dark systems would hold interest in the ways of ‘mystery’ but they also would help in establishing quicker or more efficient routes, and also bring you more credits as you got home to sell to the highest bidder….

Exploration then was planned to be difficult, time consuming, skilled, and lucrative. At least, that how I interpreted it at the start, via newsletters oh and a public appearance by Mr Braben himself… but I may be wrong.

Now sadly that got dropped. I wonder why?

More than likely I suspect it was due to fiscal demands on the company to launch ED at a scheduled date, and so to advocate this FD dropped content, as Developers are prone to do… opting for a very vanilla galaxy. I don’t hold to the idea that they just ‘planned’ to fill it in later (as many of us wrongly presumed at the time), they just dropped it.

It certainly wasn’t planned because Braben talked about it openly to backers.

So I just wonder, how much of an initial effect did this have on the narrative/lore around exploration and potentially how Raxxla was originally placed?

I certainly suspect many of these dark systems were to resolve as intentional focal points, the galaxy is so relatively empty because it was intentionally made that way, because FD didn’t think we would go that far out, and that many of these ‘mysteries’ were actually bubble based?
Last edited: Jan 27, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae, Darrack and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian