CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 26, 2023
#29,055
Rochester said:
Exploration, what a silly thing

Pondering for a moment, on how exploration exists today as different as it was originally planned, proposed and publicly promoted, I wonder how much of this influenced the lore and narrative.

Originally I’m a backer so I can recall, but please correct me if my memory fails me… exploration sort of should have worked as follows.

You set off and go beyond the bubble into the void, unable to really travel much further, hindered as you would be by an absence of navigational data.

This data would be obtained by scanning for certain types of stats, it wasn’t confirmed if this would be via a hyperspace probe or just a ship based scanner, but effectively you would get a heat map which told you the best place to try.

If you chose poorly your ship encountered a dark system (likely a randomised mechanic never confirmed) these being essentially brown drawls, cold stars etc which generally never appeared on the galaxy map.

However said dark systems would hold interest in the ways of ‘mystery’ but they also would help in establishing quicker or more efficient routes, and also bring you more credits as you got home to sell to the highest bidder….

Now sadly that got dropped. I wonder why?

More than likely I suspect it was due to fiscal demands on the company to launch ED at a scheduled date, and so to advocate this FD dropped content, as Developers are prone to do… opting for a very vanilla galaxy.
It certainly wasn’t planned because Braben talked about it openly to backers, so I just wonder, how much of an effect did this have on the narrative/lore around exploration and potentially Raxxla!
Click to expand...
I'd be curious on what exactly were the orginal discussions of dark systems insofar as how Braben wanted them to exist. Was there anything in the Kickstarter or early forum posts that better described them? From the books, they sounded like systems that existed but hardly anyone bothered to map for whatever reason. Therefore, you got incomplete maps or routes.
Last edited: Jan 26, 2023
Reactions:
Rochester