Emperor
Jan 26, 2023
#29,051
Louis Calvert said:
Well. I'm still very slowly reading through Premonition for the first time since it was published.

With all that I now know about the Lore and all this stuff we've been doing with the Raxxla hunting and stuff - it certainly seems like even just the first few chapters I've read are loaded with useful info.

For context: I was very interested in Premonition specifically since this was written after Elite was launched and Drew got to see some (more) secret info that helped him shape the plot for the novel. This was also during/after he'd worked with Fdev to create the Dynasty mystery.

Some things that got my attention follow, for your consideration:

Rebecca is reminiscing about her investigation:

This almost certainly relates to the Thargoids. The reference to the ship is likely the Quest, especially since a few chapters later we have Mahon himself confirm that Mic Turner is rumoured to have gone looking for Thargoids (if memory serves we also do get to see a Quest ship later too?) - all this is essentially connecting with the plot of Frontier First Encounters. For me, this puts to bed the idea that Polaris is anything related to Raxxla or the Dark Wheel - it's clearly linked here with the Thargoid/INRA/Turner plot as it was in FFE.

The Dark Wheel (or a faction thereof, most likely) are (some of) the ones working to things from the Galaxy:


Context note: Rebecca seems to be a renegade Dark Wheel member. The conversation with the masked man make it clear that she's essentially defying them, and the phrase "the Wheel turns" can't possibly be anything other than the Dark Wheel.

Despite my reservations about this; I think Drew might have written the Raxxla Codex - or - whoever wrote the Raxxla Codex is hinting at Drew's writings. This idea is to do with language used and the fact that things written by Drew have exact or near-exact matches to elements of the Raxxla Codex entry, and I don't find these matches as closely related in the written lore of the game. Also Drew himself in a livestream (which are on his Youtube channel) said he was very fond of Greek myth, which is why it appears so often in his writing:

In the 'Excerpt from recovered journal, circa 3302, author unknown' text:

Rebecca is getting some memories back, the text reads:

Intro of Salome returning from her explorations:

The Club are having a meeting:


Bear in mind my about the correlations between the Dynasty logs (specifically the Formidine Rift logs) and the language used the Raxxla Codex. Those logs were written by Drew, they include many of the same linguistic signatures as Reclamation and Premonition.

In addition to the references above, there's also a large section of Chapter Four that explicitly spells out that a secret cabal controls humanity (the Club, of course). This seems to me to fit neatly with the Raxxla codex talking about a secret cabal controlling humanity - though of course it may be secret cabal controlling humanity...

However, there's a very interesting section that I think is worth considering further:

This, to me, seems to heavily correlate to what we know of the Pilot's Federation information beacons: Bounties, ship equipment, vast secret influence, etc. Seems to confirm that at least one member of The Club is highly-placed the Pilot's Federation and funding flows from the PF to the Club. Also Galnet is controlled and owned by the PF, so when Society here talks about CGs here, that's significant.

In the 'Excerpt from recovered journal, circa 3302, author unknown' text:

Again confirming the 'secret cabal'. It may be that there's more than one, but there's nothing really indicating that in the text.
Click to expand...
Drew used to comment and answer questions on here about what he knew (or wasn't covered by NDA)

You might find this post interesting on your thoughts

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla' https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9529268

edit: you can try him on Twitter, he's a friendly chap and may well reply. He signed off here when he signed off from playing Elite....
Allen Stroud who also wrote a lot of the initial lore as I understand it (hope I'm not doing him a disservice!) has also contributed on here and answered questions so it might be worth searching for his messages too.
Last edited: Jan 26, 2023