ClaraRulesSpace
Jan 26, 2023
#29,041
Q GT70 said:
your theory is very old and most likely wrong and irrelevant.
it is a time travel twist, it is possible...but does it matter? We are here, this point in time.
Many moons ago I thought the guardians being into biology and peaceniks with nature etc...and that maybe that was the key to how the Thargoids came about, long story, the thread is buried somewhere.
made little sense when I originally typed it, even less sense now.
But fighting an eternal war between themselves thanks to history repeating itself...and neither side realising the past is the future
not new either, The Doctor has been to this place, there are at least 2 Doctor Who stories that are this....

love the way excitement melts some people.

fwiw, technitium and other mats we know, tend to spread around the galaxy via meteorites, hence the whole farming of mats by shooting at meteorites...
from that alone, my take on anything in maps about stars and planetary(heavenly bodies) materials is 100% meaningless and has been since day 1.
any other take on this is a waste of time, reality vs lore.

as for that and then this temperature thing...yes, another person said it too...
we live and we travel in space.
so do Thargoids
ships keep us warm and air around us.

from what I see, Thargoids have not changed too much and the insects they are, live and fly where they want to.
lore is meaningless in all this.
they have weapons that generate toxicity, electricity, heat, other fun things...
we can hit them with heat or electricity, etc...they seem to like it....

they are cockroaches that evolved into very big space faring cockroaches, as such they can live in a ketchup bottle, in soup, probably bathe once a decade in certain stars.....
We DON"T Know squat about squat, except they are very adaptable Insects, seeming intelligent, a really bad mix.

focusing on clues in lore that are made totally useless from daily interaction is a lack of focus imo.
like trying to point out to the world why red dye #4 is unhealthy, when it is 1000 years after and everything is red. pointless.

everyone's theory is good, as long as they like it and they check it out.

there are days when all I see are the guys sticking post-its to monitors.


then a big one, the changes to absolutely everything, between Odyssey and Horizons is soo great and so messed up, that any planetary info seems to be totally useless, wrong, handwavium.
And even if any theory regarding any is correct, the devs have made such a joke out of materials, I would not expect to find dirt on earth.

Something HUGE would have to happen in order for me to take any space, star, planetary data info serious, or as true.
Because IMO fdev went out of their way to show us words and numbers are 100% meaningless when it comes to materials and where to find them and what percentages exist., not ever once even close to correct, unless we all failed math and only fdev understands depleted and % and moregood, lessgood, etc
I was here for the release of Horizons, when we had no numbers, no words on bodies. just land and drive around and see whats there, then write it down for future reference.
I have a very large notepad file that is just that.


I would suggest that time travel is a thing. Guardians most likely mastered it long ago, and the rumor came from that. why not, just as valid as any other theory.
It is a game, I see no reason why this cannot exist.
TBH, my take on Raxxla is that it is Guardian and that it is Humanity's only hope to survive. and that it IS very much from the Guardians in their safe peaceful future watching us.
If nothing else, it is at least the idea.
Click to expand...
You are mistaken about the lore. I am finding the clues pretty easy to read in the face of the fact that everyone including canon ignored them for a more complex possible solution which failed.
There are too many would be scientists in here without the experience or knowledge to carry the title. And most of them routinely seek out or theorize much more complex problems that are actually in this game.
In just a few months I have managed to get on the track of cracking the Guardian puzzle after a bunch of people have stared at it for seven years scratching their heads. The alpha complex acts as a giant sundial/compass and has local target markers, as well as regional, and then markers at work on the galactic scale. The formula that it seems to be spelling out will involve being in a certain place and waiting for a certain alignment to occur. The way I was able to find this was to stop listening to big mouth gamers and actually start reading the clues.
The big mistake a lot of you seem to be making, and I’m hearing a lot of it, is trying to roll all three of the biggest mysteries into one puzzle. I have seen zero evidence that any of these things are connected so this has to have come from the player base. And you guys are spending so much time trying to connect the guardians to raxxla or Thargoid Origins and you are literally creating your own rabbit holes that go nowhere because they have no backing in the lore and no evidence in the game.
Right now what you’re doing is the same thing that Canon has done for the last five years which is criticize the few actual clues that came from the game in Lou of someone’s new ideas about how to solve the puzzle. This is so counterproductive I can’t believe people are thinking this way. This kind of talk has actively discourage people from studying the clues and it is why this mystery has lasted as long as it has.
I’ve locked horns with most of the leader ship in Cannon because they blow everything off as a decoration, and after very little studying I have found alignments and planetary systems and clues all over the place. So the reason no one is solving any of the puzzles is because guys like yourself come on talking like you actually know everything about the game and discouraging them from studying the clues because as you say they are useless.
Trust me, my experience says this set of clues is far from useless. Maybe you should learn how to read them.
I am currently looking for enthusiastic problem solvers that have not been tainted by this naysaying mentality.
You people should get your heads out of the developer politics and back into the game.
Respectfully
I also feel like this naysaying has caused people to hoard information because they’re afraid of being criticized and decide they’re better off keeping the information to themselves.
I have just headed up a group called the guardian science corps on Discord. I am looking for enthusiastic and open minded problem solvers. Jaded, cynical, these attitudes do not find solutions.
Yours
V
Reactions:
MrSuction, Ataxia and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian