Emperor
Jan 26, 2023
#29,050
ClaraRulesSpace said:
You are mistaken about the lore. I am finding the clues pretty easy to read in the face of the fact that everyone including canon ignored them for a more complex possible solution which failed.
There are too many would be scientists in here without the experience or knowledge to carry the title. And most of them routinely seek out or theorize much more complex problems that are actually in this game.
In just a few months I have managed to get on the track of cracking the Guardian puzzle after a bunch of people have stared at it for seven years scratching their heads. The alpha complex acts as a giant sundial/compass and has local target markers, as well as regional, and then markers at work on the galactic scale. The formula that it seems to be spelling out will involve being in a certain place and waiting for a certain alignment to occur. The way I was able to find this was to stop listening to big mouth gamers and actually start reading the clues.
The big mistake a lot of you seem to be making, and I’m hearing a lot of it, is trying to roll all three of the biggest mysteries into one puzzle. I have seen zero evidence that any of these things are connected so this has to have come from the player base. And you guys are spending so much time trying to connect the guardians to raxxla or Thargoid Origins and you are literally creating your own rabbit holes that go nowhere because they have no backing in the lore and no evidence in the game.
Right now what you’re doing is the same thing that Canon has done for the last five years which is criticize the few actual clues that came from the game in Lou of someone’s new ideas about how to solve the puzzle. This is so counterproductive I can’t believe people are thinking this way. This kind of talk has actively discourage people from studying the clues and it is why this mystery has lasted as long as it has.
I’ve locked horns with most of the leader ship in Cannon because they blow everything off as a decoration, and after very little studying I have found alignments and planetary systems and clues all over the place. So the reason no one is solving any of the puzzles is because guys like yourself come on talking like you actually know everything about the game and discouraging them from studying the clues because as you say they are useless.
Trust me, my experience says this set of clues is far from useless. Maybe you should learn how to read them.
I am currently looking for enthusiastic problem solvers that have not been tainted by this naysaying mentality.
You people should get your heads out of the developer politics and back into the game.
Respectfully
I also feel like this naysaying has caused people to hoard information because they’re afraid of being criticized and decide they’re better off keeping the information to themselves.
I have just headed up a group called the guardian science corps on Discord. I am looking for enthusiastic and open minded problem solvers. Jaded, cynical, these attitudes do not find solutions.
Yours
V
Click to expand...
"So the reason no one is solving any of the puzzles is because guys like yourself come on talking like you actually know everything about the game and discouraging them from studying the clues because as you say they are useless."

I think this sums up your entire outpouring whether your ideas have merit or not?

Feel free to have differing views as others.... as many people on here have said many, many times... until you find it, your guess is as good as anyone else's....

I wish you luck on your exploration and I hope you do find what you're looking for and are proved right, it would certainly close off a journey we've all enjoyed and hated...