Xaintly
Mar 5, 2020
#15,580
Hello all, I've updated the summary document: The Quest for Raxxla.
The summary is intended to let new raxxla hunters catch up on what has already been theorized and tested.

I read all the posts in this thread between May 2019 and now, plus reddit, the IRH discord and some other threads.
If people had new ideas of things to try or places to search, I added it to the doc.
If I didn't add your favorite new theory, I probably just missed it; message me and let me know.

If the post just has "lore" or speculation that doesn't narrow the search area or give any concrete hints, I didn't add it to the document (eg. The Dark Wheel is the enemy of The Club).

Here was the stuff I took note of over the past year of posts;

FSS May not reveal all bodies? Fly to outer stars and look - CMDR Marco Santos

Spiral of Notable Stellar Phenomenon - CMDR xxxsnusnuxxx
- "Notable Stellar Phenomenon" seem to be arranged in a curving line.

Tip-Off Missions: Procedurally Generated, not Raxxla Related - CMDR Teryd
CMDR Teryd did an excellent writeup of how the procedural generation works.
Over 3000 tipoff missions completed to gather data, plus crowdsourced tipoffs
A limited amount of tipoff missions are released every week after Thurs maintenance
Destination location is chosen from the furthest available of a preset list of spots
Mission value is random, text is procedurally generated

Tip-offs vs Inbox missions: Both procedurally generated - CMDR Keybuk
Tipoffs are given after turning in a mission while allied
Inbox missions are given after 15 mins in the same place, may be hidden until you scan/scoop

Thargoid device activation shows a 2-armed spiral galaxy (Andromeda?) with some highlighted areas - CMDR Tacitus2711

Overlaying the Raxxla logo on the Galactic Map, the voids overlay "unknown permit" Restricted Areas - CMDR Tacitus2711
Investigate the areas that are not permit locked?
Each corner of the shapes is a permit-locked system or area

Investigate Alnasl, source of the 'Wow!' signal - CMDR Jaiotu

Phaa Chrie sector (in The Void) - CMDR Edelgard von Rhein
Good place to hide stuff
550 systems Searched by CMDR Edelgard von Rhein
Nothing found, no Notable Stellar Phenomena

Investigate Taurus, Crab Nebula - CMDR RexOdin
Egyptian goddess Hathor is the mother of the universe, depicted as bull
Investigated by CMDR Q Hung

Raxxla logo is a surface scanner - CMDR PeteACarter
- Look for a system with 6 stars & 33 orbiting bodies

Tried: Supercruise Vega > Tau Ceti 0.6ly and reverse - CMDR Edelgard von Rhein

The statistics of commanders searching for Raxxla could be compared to see if there is something missing - CMDR Edelgard von Rhein

David Braben says "we know why people haven't been able to find [Raxxla]" in 2014 - Drew Wagar quoting David Braben from an in-person talk

Try taking Sap8 Containers to the space Jellyfish / Algol - CMDR Simulacrae

The Dark Wheel station is in a L brown dwarf system - CMDR Jorki Rasalas
Lyta Crane is an anagram of LYT Arcane
Suspects planet Eden of Proxima Centauri (near Hutton Orbital)
Investigated area but didn't find anything

CLAIM: Raxxla is 'north east from Sag A* about 41[k] lys from the bubble, on the border between 2 regions in a cluster of brown dwarfs.' - CMDR Mathmoss
One heavily blurred screenshot
"Travel to the top of the galaxy to find it"
Didn't turn in exploration data, blew up ship "[to be] fair on the other raxxla hunters, no system name, etc..
CMDR Alexzk identified screenshot as likely PRA BYOEA KU-A A82-0 area

Lore: The Club and The Dark Wheel are opposing forces - CMDR AOpsyche
The Club is more powerful and controls universal cartographics and galnet
Raxxla is some kind of FSD technology, the Club is trying to suppress its release
The Dark Wheel is opposed to the Club

Lore: The hidden greek mythology storyline - CMDR Guru951

Lore: Raxxla and the Monomyth / Hero's Journey - CMDR ScolioTheMost
Suspects the Pleiades may have some kind of test
There are whale references (Cetus/Tau Ceti/Cetus Bane ship in Algol)
Thargoids might be protecting the next clue
Reactions:
Marcus Seldon, Han_Zen, Machina Ergo Sum and 8 others