Robert Rockbite
R
Apr 15, 2022
#26,017
Jorki Rasalas said:
...
But I seem to remember a green star is impossible, though I can’t remember the physics behind that.
Mmm, unless perhaps it’s an Exotic star? Seem to remember quarks have Colour!
...
Actually, a "green" star could be a very common phenomenon - if we change the definition of green.
For example, if we use a spectrometer to analyze the light of Sol from the bottom of our atmosphere, we could define that the light is green, because that's where the peak in the spectrum is.
With this definition, the "colour of a star" could also be understood as the color of the peak of the theoretical black body radiation corresponding with its surface temperature (~ Wien's displacement law).

However, if we would follow the mundane convention that the colour of a star is defined by its visual appearance to the human eye, then the range of possible colours should be close to the black body locus, which, unfortunately, excludes green. For a more or less "normal" star to actually appear green, it would have to travel at a significant fraction of lightspeed. And it would have to be the star that is travelling, not us, because supercruise does not cause red-shift or blue-shift.

And in your picture above, the anomaly is not quite the same colour as the star either, but more blue.
So maybe it's a general feature of CMEs that their colour is tinted towards the peak of emission of the star.
However, this would mean that greenish CMEs should be quite a common phenomenon and therefore incompatible with the axiom that Raxxla is at least rare.

Maybe Raxxla is related to Glowing Green Giants? They are green and very rare.
Glowing Green Giants - The Definitive List
Most gas giants, even those which are classified as "life-bearing", are not particularly rare - about one system in ten seems to have a life-bearing one, with either "water-based life" or "ammonia-based life". They're so common that Universal Cartographics do not pay any premium for them at all...
forums.frontier.co.uk
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas