Jorki Rasalas
Aug 22, 2019
#11,189
PeteACarter said:
Sorry for the dumb question...

I keep seeing RR line/tube being mentioned recently. What is this? Is it referring to RR Caeli?

Reorte-Riedquat line. It's the clue that started the whole FRift mystery. From Drew Wagar's book Elite Reclamation. If I remember I'll quote you the paragraph later. (it's also a very good read, as is Elite Premonition, both FD-sponsored and canon lore as far as we know).

Oops, just found it:
‘Deadly? Dangerous? Elite?’ The woman rolled her eyes at Salomé’s blank look. ‘You’ve no idea what I’m talking about, have you?’
Salomé shook her head.
‘Kids.’ The woman waved her hand vaguely around her. ‘They’ve mucked it up of course, fiddled with the ratings so much now that no one can figure it out. Used to be simple back in my day. You spaced a ship and you got a rating. The more you killed the more fearsome you became. Lots of folks got to be dangerous; you didn’t last long if you weren’t dangerous you know.’
The woman paused for a moment chuckling to herself.
‘A few got to be deadly, but Elite … well, we were special. People respected us. Being Elite meant something out on the Frontier …’
‘You’ve been to the Frontier?’
‘To it, through it, past it,’ the woman smiled. ‘Don’t tell no one, but I got as far as the Formidine Rift, not many folks can say that! No one has gone past it and lived to tell the tale.’
‘The Formid …?’
‘Edge of the galactic arm. Take a line from Reorte to Riedquat to the edge of the arm and … keep going.’ The woman grimaced. ‘Stars thin out, you can see the whole galaxy just hanging there. I took a fancy to going exploring after I lost …’ she paused, a sadness creeping across her face, ‘… had some time to spare. Quiet for the most part, until …’
‘Until what?’
‘Let’s just say there was some serious out there, stuff you wouldn’t believe. No really – no one believed me, said it was all a fabrication. I had no proof you see and they edited my memory afterwards. Ah, it’ll all come back to bite them one day, it’s all there in the Imperial databanks somewhere - and they thought the Thargoids were trouble …’

edit: "poopoo" is the forum sanitiser kicking into action! I don't enjoy being sanitised!
Last edited: Aug 22, 2019
Reactions:
Six6VI, rOmiLaYu, Tigorath and 2 others