Ian Doncaster
Jun 24, 2024
#34,314
Jorki Rasalas said:
Can't see which post you're referring to. As I said, it is an uncorroborated rumour...at the time I remember several others claimed support for this but in a different thread (can't remember which one), but they seemed to recant or said they had been misunderstood. Unless Ascorbius or MB themselves outright denied it then I can't see how it can be said to be debunked.
"At the time", though ... which time?
Ascorbius' mention of it in July 2020 brought it back to prominence, but they've now become the "source" for something which was much older than that because someone on this thread in May 2019 was already listing it as likely false by that point. There must be some pre-May 2019 source for it, but I haven't found it yet.

And that's all really weird - that July 2020 clip gets repeatedly quoted and re-quoted, but no-one can even remember half-details about anything older?

Jorki Rasalas said:
I don't think it makes much difference. If Raxxla first report was 2296 & it had already become an urban myth then the likelihood is that it is located in the human bubble, and therefore may well be in a system that was visited early.
I'm not sure that follows at all, though. The comparator locations - Atlantis, Prester John, El Dorado - were all rumoured to exist without having been discovered by anyone, and were positioned even in myth sufficiently far away from the investigating civilisation that they couldn't be easily checked and the best an expedition could hope for was "well, we've found one more place it isn't".

Certainly, if it's in the bubble, then it was in a system which had been honked by 2017. It's also in that case in a system which had been repeatedly visited, scanned and surveyed by 2017 and the concealment must be very good - an invisible POI in a ring system where some complex and deliberate action is needed to make it visible would certainly be one way to do it.

But that doesn't fit with the specific form of the rumour anyway - someone (and only one) honked the system and moved on, with the implication that they would have found it if they'd investigated just a little further; it's a nice rumour for activating explorers' insecurities, which is doubtless why it's stuck, but it pretty much requires Raxxla to be at reasonably clear of the bubble so that by now a system visited once in 2016/7 hasn't been visited repeatedly.
Reactions:
marx