Rochester
Jun 25, 2024
#34,320
Ian Doncaster said:
"At the time", though ... which time?
Ascorbius' mention of it in July 2020 brought it back to prominence, but they've now become the "source" for something which was much older than that because someone on this thread in May 2019 was already listing it as likely false by that point. There must be some pre-May 2019 source for it, but I haven't found it yet.

And that's all really weird - that July 2020 clip gets repeatedly quoted and re-quoted, but no-one can even remember half-details about anything older?


I'm not sure that follows at all, though. The comparator locations - Atlantis, Prester John, El Dorado - were all rumoured to exist without having been discovered by anyone, and were positioned even in myth sufficiently far away from the investigating civilisation that they couldn't be easily checked and the best an expedition could hope for was "well, we've found one more place it isn't".

Certainly, if it's in the bubble, then it was in a system which had been honked by 2017. It's also in that case in a system which had been repeatedly visited, scanned and surveyed by 2017 and the concealment must be very good - an invisible POI in a ring system where some complex and deliberate action is needed to make it visible would certainly be one way to do it.

But that doesn't fit with the specific form of the rumour anyway - someone (and only ) honked the system and moved on, with the implication that they have found it if they'd investigated just a little further; it's a nice rumour for activating explorers' insecurities, which is doubtless why it's stuck, but it pretty much requires Raxxla to be at reasonably clear of the bubble so that a system visited once in 2016/7 hasn't been visited repeatedly.
Click to expand...
The mentioning of Atlantis etc in the codex I’ve speculated is a locational marker clue.

In game these places exist apart from Prestor John, and they all exist in the same relative zone. This area hosts a proliferation of systems named after similarly named mythic or lost realms.

That is suspect in itself, enough for me to believe the codex is making a direct reference to that location.

You then have Elite Legacy hypothetically pointing here to with mentioning of a ‘pirate controlled system’ below Achanar.

The other aspects of the codex too may allude to a directional marker of the path of Persephone to the underworld, and FD inclusion of the Brookes tours intersects this zone.

All these are in the relative same area.

This area is likewise home to a conglomeration of deities linked to the underworld, and one can actually map out the Greek Underworld in the area.

It’s telling because the author has knowledge of the origins of classical notions of the afterlife which are directly linked to pre-Celtic origins and this is evident in their relative placements.

This is a strikingly similar to the opening chapter of Robert Holdstocks book, the creator of Raxxla, called The Lost Realms.

True everything is circumspect but the likelihood I interpret is very highly to be likely that this is ‘one’ of the general area the codex is ascribing too…

I suspect given the existence of the garden design and the Miltonian model, something exists in this location which is a key or map, which when understood will elaborate upon the first part of the codex and allow us to triangulate Raxxla…which probably is elsewhere, I suspect within the Empyrean.

The mention of pirates in the codex and Elite Legacy might give us another indication, but that’s still an unknown, or might be irrelevant.

But I am pretty certain we have about 2/4 of the codex figured out, but it’s more akin to knowing your in the correct city, where a safe is stored, but not knowing the actual street or building number, nor combination, or even what or if anything is actually inside the safe...

So either something is going to be glaringly obvious, but so obvious we walk past it every day, or something is tied to a simple game mechanism?

I speculate Brookes general disappointment with the exploration scanner being too easy might advocate Raxxla can be found very easily, but maybe we still can’t observe it because of our behaviour is not attuned to look or be interested in mundanity.
Last edited: Jun 28, 2024
Reactions:
Darrack and Ian Doncaster