Jorki Rasalas
Jun 25, 2024
#34,319
Ian Doncaster said:
"At the time", though ... which time?
Ascorbius' mention of it in July 2020 brought it back to prominence, but they've now become the "source" for something which was much older than that because someone on this thread in May 2019 was already listing it as likely false by that point. There must be some pre-May 2019 source for it, but I haven't found it yet.

And that's all really weird - that July 2020 clip gets repeatedly quoted and re-quoted, but no-one can even remember half-details about anything older?


I'm not sure that follows at all, though. The comparator locations - Atlantis, Prester John, El Dorado - were all rumoured to exist without having been discovered by anyone, and were positioned even in myth sufficiently far away from the investigating civilisation that they couldn't be easily checked and the best an expedition could hope for was "well, we've found one more place it isn't".

Certainly, if it's in the bubble, then it was in a system which had been honked by 2017. It's also in that case in a system which had been repeatedly visited, scanned and surveyed by 2017 and the concealment must be very good - an invisible POI in a ring system where some complex and deliberate action is needed to make it visible would certainly be one way to do it.

But that doesn't fit with the specific form of the rumour anyway - someone (and only ) honked the system and moved on, with the implication that they have found it if they'd investigated just a little further; it's a nice rumour for activating explorers' insecurities, which is doubtless why it's stuck, but it pretty much requires Raxxla to be at reasonably clear of the bubble so that a system visited once in 2016/7 hasn't been visited repeatedly.
Click to expand...
Still can't see which post you're referring to?

Mmm, I think you're falling into a logical trap there. If the rumour is true and MB said it, or even if it isn't and he didn't:
If one person has visited a system and honked it and moved on without discovering something hidden therin does not in any way preclude other people also visiting and doing the same, just MB didn't (apparently) say it had been visited more than once-that would have given us a location clue. If Raxxla is well hidden then it is well hidden! As an author MB was a master of using language and using it for obfuscating the puzzle. The rumoured utterance would not preclude it being hidden anywhere, even in a major population centre (e.g. Sol, Alioth, Achenar).

The only thing that IMO indicates a rough location is the first rumour date. It was quite early and even then the rumour was widely known. The only reason for providing that paragraph in the codex is to my mind to indicate that the rumour originated early in human spaceflight. That suggests either:
1) It was physically detected (by whom? WHAT is it? WHY hasn't that information come to us in the rumour? Why is it just a rumour, not a documented discovery? ) & is located within the early human bubble, but without more information we cannot deduce more...
2) it was detected by some astronomical remote sensing means and could be anywhere, even extra-galactic...end of Quest!

One of my previous hypotheses was that the rumour might have originated in a remote detection by the Gaia satellite (based on the use of Mother Gaia faction in Sol), which is being used to detect Gravitational Waves from time variation in very accurate star position measurements. I went to many potential GW sources (multiple black holes) to test that hypothesis, and found nothing. Doesn't exclude it being somewhere remote...however we have some other information!

Before game release MB wrote Elite Legacy and the book was released in 2014. It is not beyond belief to assume that book relates to the game in more than the underlying lore. In the book MB had the main character hint Raxxla is in Allied space. That ties in with @Rochester 's findings that MB encoded various aspects of mythology etc in-game, including the cosmography of his favourite book John Milton's Paradise Lost. A key concept in that book was the "pendent world", which the final tourist beacon in the Brookes Memorial Tour quotes. This leads to the hypothesis that MB placed hints into the game as part of the "in-game Raxxla storyline" he mentioned, and that the station garden design, location of meaningful system names etc are all part of this Raxxla storyline...Rochester showed PL's Empyrean region lies in/near Alliance space...ergo Raxxla is in the bubble.
Reactions:
Darrack, Ataxia and Rochester