Jorki Rasalas
Aug 7, 2023
#31,125
Han_Zen said:
I've seen some patterns with the number 6, when it comes to Raxxla, the logo and the pole axis of the ecliptic (Axis mundi?).

The word:

If we assign numbers to each letter we get: 18 1 24 24 12 1.
18, 24 and 12 are all multiples of 6. The ones don't quite fit unless we use them as separators. then it becomes interesting.

18 | 24 + 24 +12 | = 18 and 60

The north pole of the ecliptic is RA 18.0.0 DEC 66°.33

The logo: The logo is full of sixes. Six rays, six sides, six black shapes with six sides each. In the middle we have the symbol for Sol. Then there are three arcs. Possibly an orbit line for the third planet (earth).
The only thing that does not fit the six pattern are the dots in the inner hexagon. There are 33. Just what we need to get the exact declination 66°.33.

The ecliptic axis north pole is in Draco (the dragon), almost exactly at the Cat's eye nebula (for those with eyes to see). The stars will spiral around this point as the stars rotate around the pole star (currently Polaris) and the pole star rotates around the ecliptic pole. A wheel on the rim od a wheel.

The south pole of the ecliptic is in Dorado, at RA 6 DEC -66°.33. This is on the edge of the Large Magellanic cloud ( 'an area of space, not black but radiant…glowing like heaven' ). It would fit well to have the gate to Hell (and Heaven?) located at 6 -66.

Still need some distances, but I think it's fairly likely that this is the Omphalos axis.
Some interesting thoughts there compadre!!

Edit
Though the central dot and circle might not represent Sol...stars are dots in the night sky, and a circle surrounding a star was the centre of Hecate’s Strophalos wheel (though admittedly it was usually drawn as a six-pointed star, but maybe MB thought that would be over-egging the six theme?), so I’m not finished with Hecate yet.

@Rochester : wrt Artemis in Legacy...Wikipedia says “The Romans knew her (i.e. Hecate) by the epithet of Trivia, an epithet she shares with Diana/Artemis, each in their roles as protector of travel and of the crossroads (tri-via, "three ways"). “

Though I like Han_Zen’s 6-fold hypothesis, it seems to make a little more sense than a duplicated Y-junction for the spokes of the logo. So how is the Hecate system located wrt the “Omphalos Rift axis” that Han_Zen has mooted?
Last edited: Aug 7, 2023
Reactions:
Rochester, Edelgard von Rhein, Han_Zen and 1 other person