Jorki Rasalas
Aug 8, 2023
#31,139
Rochester said:
Trinkets and their description always made me think of an RNG. Wouldn’t hurt to tow a few along wherever you are.

If they actually still do something, it’s likely only to be in one particular area, and given the game mechanics probably either linked to trading or piracy - eg getting someone’s attention?

Have we listened to them?
Yep, tried listening. Tried shooting, honking, dropping in BH, dropping midway between binary BH -all nothing!

Just musing, but:
“This container appears to hold an assorted collection of low-value trinkets, knick-knacks and statuettes. Such trinkets are generally used by superstitious pilots to try and win favour with the lady Fortuna. However, these particular knick-knacks have a much more valuable prize hidden within.”

Maybe it’s actually the “alien omphalos rift” device hidden within? Perhaps we need to carry one in a certain place to activate it, or (more likely?) carrying one will activate the OR when we get to the appropriate area (like a GG planetary ring which otherwise are too huge to search)? They carry the same side number as SAP8 containers which IIRC were supposed to carry a “crystal map”, and Guardian crystals were alien and seemed capable of mysterious things. Six-fold symmetry that Han_Zen mentioned above is typical of Guardians technology.

No, they may have to be acquired through piracy or exploration (two systems where they are common are a fair journey away from the bubble), but I suspect a different mechanism would be needed to trigger them-MB wouldnt want Raxxla to be found by happenstance but by someone undertaking the “personal journey” by following his clues.

Edit
Codex says of Raxxla “the location of which is a deadly secret”; which increases my suspicion that the location is hidden in an anarchy system....it’s going to be hairy carrying Trinkets while searching an anarchy, lots of pirates will be interested!
(Mmm, maybe time to swap my exploration Phantom for combat Krait II or Corvette!)
Last edited: Aug 8, 2023
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, Rochester and Han_Zen