Rochester
Jun 5, 2022
#26,317
Primum Mobile of Yggdrasil, on the outer rim

*this post is now an archive, of initial ramblings; please see the more upto date investigation linked below, which attempts to remove the tin-foil and is a more scientific approach: Thread 'The Yggdrasil conundrum'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-yggdrasil-conundrum.607684/

The following, attempts to identify a series of star groups in potential correlation. Up until now this has been nought but a tin-foil thought exercise, inspired by M Brookes favourite story ‘Paradise Lost’ and the tree of Yggdrasil of Norse cosmological mythology, itself can be linked to Donars Oak at Delphi, as well as Brookes Yggdrasil T-shirt and his back tattoo.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9496027

Now with some time on my hands I decided to assess if any factual information could be resolved.

The 3D maps below show stars first settled up to 2296 as well as those with a Norse mythological name, or a Milton name, and the old worlds (later than 2296), they all have a standard orientation of galactic north/south, the XYZ coordinates are accurate however the star size is not to scale. All data is via EDDB (note this list is not definitive and may be added to).

Key findings:
White - all stars discovered up to the date 2296: Sol (centre); Tau Ceti (2151); Delta Pavonis (2190-2230); Altair (2190-2230); Beta Hydri (2190-2230); Eotienses (2288) and Achenar (2292).
*Arcturus (2304 for reference).

Red - Pandemonium (John Milton - capital of hell which sat below the primum mobile, a spherical shell which encompassed the Milton cosmos).

Yellow - Norse myth potentially linked to Yggdrasil: Jormungand; Skuld; Veroandi; Uror; Uroarbrunnr; Utgard; Jotunheim; Midgard; Muspelheim; Niflheim; Alfheim; Urd; Hagalaz; Jotnar; Helheim; Hel; Nastrond; Utgaroar and Niflhel. *Njoerd (not linked to Yggdrasil but a Norse god attributed to good fortune).

Purple: Njoerd, Norse god attributed to good fortune; Fortuna, Roman goddess of fortune; Tyche, Greek goddess of fortune.

Green - Old worlds: Lave; Leesti; Diso; Zaonce; Reorte; Riedquat; Tionisia; Oreve; Quattro; Orrere; Uszaa.

Additional (but omitted); Minor factions were cross referenced. Permits: Sol; Beta Hydri; Achenar; Nastrond.

Temporal - Astronomical mapping:
The following is a spacial representation of the systems identified in the key findings.


The following includes those systems identified with the gods of fortune (purple).


The following includes a sphere of influence drawn from Sol (centre) to Achenar (furthest discovered) and all systems discovered up to 2296.


The following includes a secondary outer sphere encompassing all those systems identifying Yggdrasil.


The following removes all Yggdrasil systems except that of Hagalaz and all systems discovered upto 2296 with a basic sphere of influence.


The following is the same data but the sphere of influence axis is shifted so it is Hagalaz.


Assessment:

There is a realistic possibility that stars identified to Norse myth and John Miltons Paradise Lost and the Tau Ceti date of 2296 (except 3) all fall within the 1st sphere of influence, identifying a spacial relationship set by the 2296 date from the codex.

The old worlds as well as Arcturus, founded much later than 2296 after 2304 all fall within this 1st sphere of influence, identifying a spacial relationship set by the 2296 date from the codex.

There is a realistic possibility that’s stars discovered from Sol upto 2296 and later towards 2304 all align along a trajectory within the 1st sphere of influence identifying a spacial relationship set by the 2296 date from the codex.

Assumptions:

The presence of 3 Yggdrasil systems outside the 1st sphere of influence, Niflhel, Jormungand and Helheim identifies a potential 2nd sphere of influence or buffer zone.

Niflhel is situated at the bottom of this sphere, it’s meaning is, misty fog, lowest level of Hel (location), in this context it correlates in location with Pandemonium.

Achenar, Eotienses, Pandemonium and Jotunheim are all within relative proximity to each other at the base of the 1st sphere of influence, indicating a potential spatial relationship, seen in other grouping of stars, although the context is an unknown they are relatively close to xxxx and xxx within the 2nd sphere,

Nastrond which requires a permit, is a place in Hel, both systems are within the sphere of influence and are relatively very close to each other.

The Norse mythological systems of Uror, Veroandi and Skuld, are names which correlate to the 3 Norns (fates) and triangulate, potentially indicating a spatial relationship, however they do not triangular equilaterally, nor do they correlate to the well of Urd in game nor that of Urðarbrunnr as they ought to.

Many of the Norse systems linked to Yggdrasil don’t currently correlate in relation to their origin stories nor to their relationships with each other, however a clear pattern exists where stars are grouped but such placement presently cannot be identified so is more likely to be an apparition of apophenia.

The old worlds such as Lave etc which have a close correlation to each other are likely purposely placed, as they do not correlate to any other system of the Yggdrasil tree.

The last image potentially identifies an alignment with the discovered systems up to 2296 and Hagalaz.

Hagalaz is not a Yggdrasil world but a Nordic rune identifying an axi mundi.

Within John Miltons Paradise Lost although the ‘apex’ was at the top of the sphere, Milton gives the impression the stairs and gate as well as Lucifers viaduct, were just off to the side, so if MB was following Paradise Lost the Yggdrasil tree may not be aligned with true north, if viewed on a slant it does look more appealing… drawing a line from the discovered systems through Hagalaz and onwards, towards the identified sphere of influence (the outer rim) identifies a potential hotspot area on the sphere, this at present is an unknown.

Intelligence gaps:

It is unknown if Sol is the intended axis, which would shift the sphere of influences.

Njoerd is a fourth system which falls within this 2nd sphere but is not related to Yggdrasil. It is a Norse god attributed to good fortune, it doesn’t correlate identifying an intelligence gap.

Njoerd is included due a potential hypothetical link to the historical Dark Wheel missions, linked to Trinkets of hidden fortune, and the goddess Fortuna, however there is do direct correlation and it’s inclusion is speculative, however it’s location within the 2nd sphere of influence has brought it forward for consideration.

In relation to Njoerd, Fortuna and Tyche have also been included (purple), but they don’t correlate identifying an intelligence gap.

Jormungand is situated at the lower hemisphere of the spheres, it’s meaning is, the Midgard Serpent or World Serpent, it doesn’t correlate identifying an intelligence gap.

Helheim is situated on the upper hemisphere of the sphere, it’s meaning is house of Hel (person) in game it doesn’t correlate to the actual location of the Hel (person) system, identifying an intelligence gap.

A proportion of systems with Norse mythological names depict locations inside other Norse realms or they have duplicative meanings, nor do all of those with a mythological relationship to Yggdrasil correlate in game spatially, although there is some uniformity indicating a potential tree shape, but this is likely apophenia, identifying an intelligence gap.

The worlds of Yggdrasil do not ’make up’ a physical tree shape in mythological context, but surround the tree Yggdrasil, or are encased within its roots or branches. These could identify exclusion zones with an unknown common centre, or an unknown narrative or shape yet to be identified.

Norse cosmology has never truly been resolved, and is at best a modern interpretation of an oral tradition; there exists multiple iterations of Yggdrasil in contemporary text, but none are genuinely definitive.

Helheim is situated on the upper hemisphere of the sphere, it’s meaning is house of Hel, it doesn’t correlate to the actual location of Hel (person) identifying an intelligence gap.

A series of systems representing the Anemoi; the Greek and Roman Winds (compass) not included here)) all exist and correlate in game: Boreas = north; Zephyrus = west; Notus = south, but their placement is off by several degrees to galactic north with an angle which is pitched, the meaning is an unknown.

Traditionally there is no agreement on the east of the Anemoi, however many attribute this to being either: Eos or Eurus, but neither of these correlate with N, S or W represent in the Anemoi in game, Indicating an intelligence gap.

Systems minor factions have been matrix mapped but do not correlate to each other, however their influence in other systems not yet identified have not been mapped, identifying an intelligence gap.

Speculation: The Yggdrasil story can be attributed to the journey of Odin as he travelled to the Well of Urd and the Fates to obtain their knowledge, in some examples this story is linked to the easterly direction.

It is an unknown if Hagalaz identifies a system on the outer rim of the sphere of influence, but Yggdrasil may just identify a true axi mundi, with the journey being towards heavens gate, or Lucifiers viaduct obfuscated on the outer rim of a John Milton primum mobile.

Recommendations:

Additional data collection and development of an association matrix to identify correlative Norse narratives.

Continue to identify factions associated with the systems found within this sphere of influence and look for a correlation with other systems.

Application of various stars which may identify a correlative location, such as permit locked systems, the old worlds etc
Last edited: Sep 11, 2022
Reactions:
Dox Paradox, Ataxia, Han_Zen and 4 others