Jorki Rasalas
Sep 8, 2022
#27,169
Ataxia said:
We know Soontill is in game but not as expected.

We know Tionsila also has a graveyard thats not findable....

Both have a connection with Raxxla and the Zurara.

Perhaps old fashion investogating might find a map of connections.

Like what about the pirate treasure that was harder to find the Raxxla.

As I'm on console my investigation is limited (no real time journal file) I am looking at the idea that follows a few before me.


Raxxla lile the beacons has a time it is findable (where as the beacon is a time the message repeats.) TDW (fake) may have some ligitimacy with regards to TDW (real) but there are a few otger factions with a much older history in game that only exist in one system amd havr not seemed to lose any... control but always a low influence faction.

I had a few tagged that I was looking at and will grap the list when I have a chance but I believe one was in Lawd 26.

Food for thought
Click to expand...

No, I disagree. You are conflating several independent puzzles. Tionisla, Soontill and Raxxla are unrelated puzzles. Have you read the Elite Dangerous books? There are half a dozen books which FD promoted at the outset of the game to provide extended lore and greater depth to the game for players (many would argue the only depth to the game, but make your own mind up about that). Some bits of those books were partly implemented in-game.

Soontill is a storyline in “And Here The Wheel”. Tionisla and Zurara and Dynasty are storyline topics in Drew Wagars “Reclamation” & “Premonition”. Raxxla does not appear anywhere in any of the books! (Well, there’s a throw-away mention of the name but no relevant information in AHTW). Raxxla crops up in Premonition IIRC, but is not relevant to it. The book authors were told by FD that Raxxla was off-limits to them and reserved for FD alone. We are still trying to discover what FD have put about Raxxla in-game. As far as we can see the only book that connects to Raxxla is Robert Holdstock’s original “The Dark Wheel” novella which was written for the original 1984 version of Elite, & is available online here: http://www.iancgbell.clara.net/elite/dkwheel.htm

Elite Dangerous is the first time that Raxxla has been implemented in any of the Elite games. We do not know how the ED implementation of Raxxla corresponds to Holdstock’s concept, but many of us think it unlikely that there is any strong resemblance. That it will be a nice easter egg tribute to Holdstock, but nothing more.

There is a totally separate “Oolite” game which was written as a tribute to Elite, and Drew Wagar wrote half a dozen books related to that game; but they are totally fan fiction and not related to ED in any way so dont get confused betwen them (they are good reads though, and free).

You said you are currently travelling out to Zurara. Be sure to visit the Dynasty Plot surface bases in the region (see the Canonn website for locations). They are an essential part of the discovery of that Plot, and reading the beacons gives you several million credits each time. IIRC one was hidden part way down a steep cliff, but can be accessed; the gravity is low so if your SRV slips you should survive & call your ship down to escape. Or maybe you could do the investigation in foot in Odyssey? that could be cool.

edit: after you scan a beacon & get each Intel report in your transaction tab take a screenshot for proof in the event of a support ticket. You only get the payment when you return to a station and turn it in. There's a handy station in Heart & Soul Neb. For some reason one disappeared from my ship so I never got the payment. Was miffed!!
Last edited: Sep 8, 2022
Reactions:
Ataxia, Rochester and yelboc