Edelgard von Rhein
E
Oct 15, 2023
#31,754
I've been visiting Lost Realms systems that I had yet to visit for a couple of days and it was at once obvious that Jormungand is well away from the others. In fact, it is on the line of sight to the Pleiades when viewed from the underworld and Lost Realms region. I sometimes wonder if Raxxla is, mechanically, a multi-stage quest, in that we might have to find something (not yet done) and then get instructions to go somewhere else. To save a Princess from an alien dragon, as Brookes puts it in Legacy, we might need the 'sword' first, then the location of the dragon's lair... .

Good thoughts from Louis Calvert and selbie! The thing about this puzzle is that it has many parts that all have to come together: The Dark Wheel toast, the Raxxla logo, the Codex descriptions, the Brookes' tour, the whole naming of many dozens of systems and worlds to create an in-game mythological cosmology etc. ... . No one has it all, yet. But any one of us could be on the right track about a part of it and I feel that one day someone will read a piece of imaginative investigation and connect the missing pieces and work out where to go and how to find the place.

In particular, I like the disassembling of the language by selbie and of fernweh as 'The four ways roads', i.e. a crossroads. Where in the Bubble do four ways meet, I wonder? We have Bifrost and Bridge, though the path between those two is away from the Lost Realms region since Bridge itself is. I wonder if there are systems named for paths or roads... .

I do think more often now that Raxxla, or the first part to find, is a hollow, inverted pyramid (and that the hollow part is large enough to fly a ship through, thus the size of the airlock of a large starport) that may be in or on the edge of a large crater. As for the destination, if it is a gateway to somewhere, there are extra-galactic clusters in the game and the view from them would be worth the trip, even if there is nothing tangible there otherwise.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert