selbie
Oct 15, 2023
#31,751
I've been bitten by the Raxxla bug again thanks to Mattius' videos resurfacing, as well as seeing Rochester's ideas on Yggdrasil. So I figured I would get this out of my head. Hopefully some of the names and ideas here could trigger a memory for those who are heavily involved in the game, especially as I've been out for years and wouldn't know where to start with searches and mapping etc.
-----

On Norse Mythology: Similarities and Symbolism

Old Norse words are often laced with metaphorical meaning which is a concept known as 'kenning'. Essentially forming a compound word with genetive phrasing such as 'wave's horse' instead of a single dedicated noun - 'ship'.

Frameshift Drive - even the name itself could imply "perspective shifting".
A frame story/frame narrative: story within a story / nested story with embedded narrative.
A dream world plot device: A narrative 'dream-like' world existing in parallel with reality which is used as a juxtaposition in order to highlight a character's moral decisions.
In Biology/Genetics: A frameshift mutation is a genetic mutation caused by a deletion or insertion in a DNA sequence that shifts the way the sequence is read. A DNA sequence is a chain of many smaller molecules called nucleotides.

Deconstructing Raxxla:
SPOILER














Deconstructing The Toast:
SPOILER

























Some other analysis of the codex entry text:
SPOILER





















































General Odin Notes:
Sacrificed his eye in Mimir's well, spear Gungnir, hung on Yggdrasil for 9 days 9 nights. His ring Draupnir multiplies itself every 9 nights with 8 new rings. Sleipnir is his eight-legged horse (Thargoids!). Geri and Freki are Odin’s wolves.

Orion has a parallel with Aurvandill who's toe likely became Rigel star (thrown by Thor) or other star candidates Alcor in Ursa Major, Sirius, or even Venus/Mercury (the morning star heralding sun rise).
Orion is seen as a 'giant' of Greek mythology so could be seen as the progeny of gods.
Sol is also within the Orion Spur of the Milky Way.

There is a loose parallel between Ophiuchus (serpent bearer) and the story of Thor lifting Jörmungandr the World Serpent (diguised in cat form) as a challenge by the jotnar Utgarda-Loki. Thor grabs the cat around its midsection but only manages to raise the cat high enough for one of its paws to leave the floor. If Thor had fully succeeded he would have altered the boundaries of the universe.

Runic: Elder Futhark https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Runes#Runic_alphabets
I see a few paths traced from the galactic map such as the triad of goddesses and Brookes Galactic Tour which remind me of runic shapes like the Yr rune.
Futhark is also arranged in 3 groups of 8, each group known as an ætt meaning a clan/group.
Last edited: Oct 15, 2023
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas, simulacrae, Louis Calvert and 3 others