Rochester
Oct 13, 2023
#31,743
Rochester said:
The more I begin to read and appreciate Irish, Celtic, Saxon and Norse mythology regarding the concepts of an Otherworld; the more it becomes apparent this realm was not supposed to be fallen over, one could only get there through invitation or act of valour.

I have long wondered if being allied with a faction might not be the key. FD and Braben himself did say “they got it wrong” that they wanted players to interact more with the smaller factions. This basically is a big area of the game that’s been ignored by many.

Potentially they said ‘ we know why players can’t find it’ does this relate to our behaviour, failure to interact in a certain way? Are there mission systems in place for Raxxla, is there like the codex alludes - some faction, some tyrant or cabal that is the key, or is there some type of ‘environmental storytelling’ going on, references, names etc that indicate some collective relationship?

We’ve come a long way. If you accept my Lost Realms hypotheses then at least this drastically reduces the search area to a focal point, rather than just needle in a several thousand light year haystack!

But still where to look? Is it actually in this area, or just beyond it, is there another path to take, to the west, above or below?

Remember, FD have applied a Miltonian reference that ties in with the Codex, that Raxxla might be, like a pendant world? A jewel on the brow? As Milton ascribes it, like a star when seen in comparison against the brilliance of the .

The new Brookes Galactic Tour I think is a strong hint, its first stage goes through this area, particularly abutting an area synonymous with deities linked to an ?



The tour to the outer rim?


The tour and the tri-partite goddess?


*note I’ve attempted to log as many ‘older god’ systems as I can. So far I do actually see a clear definition between those deities ‘above’ and those ‘below’, this looks intentional.

What also looks intentional is a weird grouping of deities slap bang in the middle of the lost realms, and those triad-goddess also look suspiciously placed too?

Something is going around there?




As above - So below
Going over various aspects and currently re-thinking on Holdstocks references to a tri-partite goddess.

Brookes Tour intersecting a potential tri-partite system?
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10204313



What strikes me about the above is how separated (yet very close) to the Lost Realms area these goddesses are.

A tri-partite goddess motif can be used in Greek mythology to represent a crossroads. Holdstock used this motif of ‘youth’, ‘maternity’ and ‘seniority’ to denote his boundary and or guardians to the ‘otherworld’.

Obviously as shown above these three goddesses are in very close proximity to each other and the Brookes tour?

Are they representative of ancient times as Holdstock described - ‘fecundity, motherhood and the hag of death’?

Robert Holdstock and tri-partite goddesses
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10194336

Within Holdstocks Ragthorn such a tri-partite reference is utilised to denote a temple outlining a mystical secret, this comes from the Celtic myths of thorn trees (oak or ash also apply) that denotes the focal point or boundary to the ‘Otherworld’!

Robert Holdstock - Ragthorn
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10221201

In Paradise Lost Eden is held within a crystalline sphere, hanging from the circular walls of heaven, like a pendant jewel. In Holdstocks Lost Realms he aligns Eden as being also a Lost Realm or the Otherworld.

Do these goddesses mark a boundary path upwards to the Lost Realms, due to their close relationships to other Celtic, Saxon, Welsh, Irish mythology therein?

Or do they represent a boundary going downwards, to who knows where, could Raxxla be hanging below this area, is this the brow?

Or do they simply replicate Holdstocks temple described in Ragthorn, as these goddess do sit below a tree, the tree Yggdrasil!

Tin-foil time

Randomly if we overlay and project the path of the Shibboleth or Sampo, over this map there is a very particular alignment!



If that ‘path’ is then extended it does oddly align and almost goes through the centre of the triangle created by these goddesses!

Is this intentional or just a coincidence?



Here this triangles centres calculated with the exact path of the Shibboleth / Sampo extended, very odd indeed.


The path to the Sampo device
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10125313
Last edited: Oct 16, 2023
Reactions:
selbie, Edelgard von Rhein and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian