CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 12, 2023
#31,742
Rochester said:
A solid point, I do feel it’s likely more obvious, the Lost Realms I do believe are certainly part of the path set out by the Codex, Raxxla could be obfuscated there, or it could well be pointing to it, above or below etc, there are areas of the Codex we still might not yet understand, that might lead us elsewhere.
Here me out here what if "lost realms" is merely allegorical storytelling alluding to the fact we should be checking lore important systems from the ancient past - some of which have undergone name changes thus "lost realms". The rumors start in 2296 - that is 1,013 years ago. Now, Empire is founded in 2296 so Achenar may well be a good starting point. Also, most of the Brenquith discovered systems don't happen until 2700s. That is only half as old as the rumors. Though, we did have fuel scoops definitely by 2411 and probably earlier. The limit up until 2230 is most of this was corporate and governments. By 2230, we get the era of rapid expansion meaning hyperspace driven colonization. That still leaves a 66 year gap.

This is the kind of thing I am talking about. We need to use every scrap of information to filter down the options. It is still probably on the edges or frontier of Federal or Imperial space. Jason Ryder was prepping a deep space expedition when he was killed.





Adding a bit more to this because I believe it is ultimately important to understand how the story is told. So we all know the Elite Universe lore is fairly complex. I think FDev may have dropped a hint in terms of what our drives are called - Frameshift Drive. There is literary technique called a Frame story or Frame narrative. This is exactly how the story is being told. Perhaps this will help to let us find hints and a way forward. This is partly where Jaques comes in as his favorite band is Jjagged Bbanner (the Dream-ware band). Dream-ware in the modern lore is known as Insight. If Raxxla, is the ability to travel between the core Elite Universe and it's parallel Dream-verse/Insight, then Raxxla was found years ago. If not it may just be part of how the hints are provided.

Frame story - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

Dream world (plot device) - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org
Last edited: Oct 12, 2023