Han_Zen
Oct 16, 2023
#31,760
simulacrae said:
Looking at the current discussion...Got me thinking about things...

Im sold on Raxxla being tied to the world or celestial axis...I agree that the Hero fighting Dragon/Snake for the "prize" is the general theme that is being referenced - and I think it is associated with idea of the Axis. Some obvious connections are Indra fighting Vritra, Apollo fighting Python, Odin fighting Wyrm or Thor fighting Jormungandr.

However.... with the Norse symbolism- We have an axis tied to Ragnarock.... which might be problematic for us...

To add to what Selbie put together...

There was a "burning Warg" early on in this game...reference to Fenrir? with students chanting "babykiller" (ostensibly to do with the attacking of Panem)... Parents Grief? or maybe a reference to the coming of Ragnarock?










From the Volspa stanza 40

The First Sorrow being the Death of Baldr, son of Frigg (The Parents Grief?)
The Second Sorrow being the Death of Odin, husband of Frigg (The Lovers Woe?)


Anyhow so back to Raxxla.... what if it is Ragnarock? and the dark wheel of fate is turning us to our destruction. Does Sol get plunged into darkness by Fenrir ?
Are Thargoids - Frost Giants bent on our destruction? Stay tuned ... same bat time same bat channel ...

Supposedly the Hyades and Aldeberan make up the "Wolfs Jaw" constellation - which could be Fenrir. Might be worth checking out...

The Belt of Orion is known as Friggs Distaff.... The distaff and weaving being associated with the idea of Fate and the World Axis and Frigg "knows the fate of everyone"(from Lokasenna) ....

If I were to interpret Ragnarok in the context of ED, I would say it describes the end-time of the Guardians.
Ragnarok is basically a war between Æser (gods) and Jotner (giants). Loke is half each and fights on the side of the Jonter. He had tree children with his wife Angerboda. The Fenris wolf, Midgardsormen and Hel. They are all central to the end of the world. Ragnarok is almost total destruction. Yggdrasil and almost all living things fall. Only a few survive.
After Ragnarok an new and better world start, with the humans Liv and Livtrase (Life and Life-stubborn). They are basically Adam and Eve.

It's easy to draw parallels to the Guardian end war. Loke could be half Gauardian / half AI and his creations helps end the world. The Midgard serpent could be the monolith network and the Fenris wolf could be the war machine of the AI.

The few survivors end up with starting a new sentient species on Earth.

The vikings did of course consider Ragnarok to be a future event, but they weren't all that bright.
Reactions:
selbie, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, simulacrae and 1 other person