Rochester
Oct 12, 2023
#31,741
Jorki Rasalas said:
Ive said it before, but I advise caution in equating Sidney's “Astrophil and Stella” with the Codex’s “Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars”.

I have myself, on the off chance, read Sidney’s poem and did a bit of binary BH diving based on Stella’s two black eyes. But I dont think it is a part of Brookes’ Raxxla storyline, there is too much difference between the two phrases & I think it’s intentional obfuscation.

MB did have an impish sense of humour, so I still think the Raxxla clue is to be found in an alternative meaning of that Codex phrase, possibly as an anagram of some the letters giving us the system name or similar joke (if you try it there are hundreds of in-game system names which are subanagrams of it- obfuscation and humour!). The codex phrase “some Raxxla seekers insisted that the story's author had cunningly concealed facts about the mysterious locale in his book as hints for those with eyes to see” is IMHO highly significant. The other thing I think is significant is MB’s allusion to this “children’s story” in his book Elite Legacy where heroine Julia “ grew up without toys with a single possession, a book “about a young man’s quest to save a princess from an alien dragon””. Ive read his subsequent book “Sun Dragon” and I dont think that is in any way related to Raxxla, but I think he did give us clues in Legacy.

While he was heavily in Milton and Holdstock, I do wonder if all the Underworld and myth-based system names he obviously placed into the game is perhaps just more obfuscation...I’m dubious that he would have set up the Raxxla storyline so that only people with extensive knowledge of mythology, Holdstock and Milton had a chance of finding Raxxla? I suspect it’s actually more obvious and staring us in the face.

P.S. there is a clear in Legacy that Julia wanted to be the first to find Raxxla...then he went to have her say that she loved her Eagle but was dubious it “was a suitable ship for travelling all the way to Alliance space”. So could the Raxxla/Omphalos Rift be located between Artemis and Alliance space?

P.P.S. I’m currently having far too much fun with the actual storylines in Starfield to return to Raxxla Fernweh in the near future!
A solid point, I do feel it likely is more obvious, the Lost Realms I do believe are certainly only part of the path set out by the Codex, of course Raxxla just could be obfuscated there, or this could just be another Easter egg, or staging post, pointing towards it, above or below etc.

There are areas of the Codex we still might not yet fully understand, that certainly might lead us somewhere elsewhere entirely?
Last edited: Oct 12, 2023
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas