Vetinari
V
Mar 23, 2021
#22,313
Jorki Rasalas said:
The disappearance of those Elite missions in SD still troubles me somewhat.

Me too, not 'troubles' but I know what you mean and aint quibbling over words. I can only reach a few conclusions / ideas.

1. It was part of a storyline that got paused / pulled / redacted / changed
2. It was an accidental 'release' of those missions at that time and wasnt meant to happen until later
3. It was a 'test' of some kind for Frontier, a test of how they would introduce these missions later on (hence i fell for the DW 'invite' RP with another streamer on their birthday, so well done it absolutely 100% fooled me, not in a bad way i enjoy being fooled like that. The first time I saw Blair Witch was on a dodgy VHS pirate copy and had no idea how 'true' it was either, when it came out at the cinemas a few months later i realised )
4. The missions are supposed to be active now and not supposed to be pulled at all
5. Any other reason anyone can think of?

So why did it get pulled? If story got pulled or changed, meh, but fair enough, presumably we'll hear more in the future. If an accident it went on for a long time. If a test then from my POV nothing went wrong so why not continue? Did it create salt like the 'pure lore' stories ala Gan Romero, did players complain they were wasting their time?

Why did those missions disappear and what were they about in the first place?

Jorki Rasalas said:
which is NOT on the way to BLoop, but approximately at right angles to that route, back towards the bubble but missing the centre, so she must have been headed to another facility! So I think there are two Azimuth sites to be found, and one of them may have the wreck of the Hesperus after a Goid (Klaxian?) encounter

A few suggestions

1. They didnt take a direct route to CSN. Could be to throw off 'followers' or obfuscate their real destination. DB likes his ships and Navy so its the same as a submarine heading out to see in one direction and opening sealed orders to find their real objective or getting to a certain pre-set position and receiving orders by 'radio'. So it could be the same on the way back, they were going to 'dog leg' it back to obfuscate where they had come from. Assuming they were returning to same system they left from.
2. They were meeting another ship before heading back....maybe even the Hesperus, it left at a similar time according to GalNet. Maybe a transfer maybe just a refuel.
3. They were heading somewhere else, but that probably wouldnt be on a straight line unless emergency, which it wasnt when they set off, the FSD didnt start malfunctioning until later according to the logs. Or they were heading directly to another LP for further orders. The problem with this is that the auto-pilot brought it back to the origination system implying this was the pre-programmed destination all along.
4. They were running from something and just jumping any direction to get away before setting the right course.

We have to assume that they were getting refuelled along the way due to the initial 370LY range being well exceeded. That initial range and BLoop vector was purely to get us to the LP which was meant to point us to CSN, not to BLoop in my opinion. (tiny bit obvious so players know what they are doing applies to more than Raxxla, it must be solvable and they wanted / expected it solved a mere few hours later than we did according to the LS at the time, it was a Halloween mystery meant to be solved at the time....and lead into more mysteries and questions to be solved later on as part of the bigger picture, we didnt even know about the Hesperus sister ship until recently).

We (the players) solved it out of order due to the Stones message giving us CSN and a player being on the right planet at tick, and the LP not working at all for first 24 hrs then messing up the 8 code so it didnt make sense at first. It was meant to go

1. Go to system and find Adamastor logs and local GalNet pointing max 370LY in direction of BLoop - leading us to the LP specifically
2. LP to point us towards CSN by breaking the code
3. Logs in CSN and combined with original Adamastor logs about Star type to point us towards system where trouble happened
4. From that system back to original system where Adamastor ended up

Seen like that its a self-contained mystery with all destinations given and following on from each other logically in order giving us the story. The unknowns left are what happened exactly in that last system and what exactly happened to all the people and cargo. We can take educated guesses or speculate based on what we do know however.
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas, [PS4] Filthymick420, TrillClinton and 1 other person