Valyrin
Jul 27, 2020
#18,112
Vetinari said:
It may be construed that the implication is that Shin Dez DW is the bona fide DW, or why would it matter? It can be argued the opposite that real DW will pay attention once fake DW gets too much attention and system control....also the use of 'bona fide' implies there is at least one fake, something which has been speculated on but this could lean towards confirming it.

If the codex is to be believed, this should be correct.
Whenever someones tries to usurp the Dark Wheel name, sooner or later they get quietly shut down.

I think expanding the (has to be obviously fake) Dark Wheel faction will cause some sort of reaction from the real Dark Wheel. I think the rest of the codex entry proves that the faction in Shin Dez is not real:

It is futile to attempt to contact the Dark Wheel on one's own initiative, however - it is always they who initiate contact, initially in disguise, revealing their true identity only once a suitable test of courage and skill has been discreetly administered, and passed.

This shows that we won't get some message from "CMDR Dark Wheel Member" but rather some random NPC name or possibly the "Mysterious Stranger" who offers Tip-Off missions. But the test of courage and skill means it probably isn't any of the Tip-Off missions players have already been given. The real Dark Wheel, going off what the codex seems to insinuate, will initiate contact first and then discreetly give the test. Since we're able to make contact, do missions, and generally know off the bat about the "Dark Wheel" in Shin Dez, I think that makes them fake going off the codex.

Even if people don't believe the codex word-for-word, I think they'd be hard pressed to convince the rest that the powerful, secretive, legendary Dark Wheel is offering up all sorts of missions to any single-elite-rank pilot in the same system that the Pilots Federation has a presence in, or that a Dark Wheel member is saying "Good day commander, help us expand our influence" every time you dock at their station. That just sounds like the Disney Land version of an Indiana Jones mystery.
Reactions:
Fiera, Vetinari and Crimson Echo