Rochester
Mar 16, 2022
#25,727
Jorki Rasalas said:
TOP SECRET- RAXXLA INTELLIGENCE COLLECTION PLAN

Information requirements:
location information for Raxxla
Determination of what Raxxla is

Success criteria:
Localisation within 20 ly of actual position
If it’s not static then localisation of position over a period of time that will allow us to find it, say next three weeks

Potential obstacles to plan:
We don’t know it is, so we probably won’t know when/if we find it
There are no clues

Summary:
Ummmmmmmmm...........twiddles thumbs.......
Click to expand...
My point entirely, this is a tin foil thread, wild theory and assumptions are fair wind. Serious thoughts are welcome but we need to keep our tin bonnets ready.

If one took my own ‘half serious’ post and applied more realistic methods the reliability score would drop and one would get the following:

Assessment: There is a realistic possibility (=40% / <50%) that Raxxla (R) is in game, based upon the confirmative public statements made by FD. However FD operate a modus operandi (MO) of releasing content over time, due to this evidence the exact nature of what Raxxla is or where cannot be confirmed, there is also insufficient evidence in game for corroboration or information gathering.

Assumptions/Intelligence gaps: No additional informed assumptions can be made at present as the intelligence gap is too wide.

Recommendations: Play the game and gather any additional in game information (related or unrelated) for future analysis. If R is currently active it can be located either randomly by anyone, or via in game methods. If it is not wait until FD release the appropriate storyline as they will advertise clues at that time in line with the MO.

Which is why we tin foil.

On the same note, we just bought a new sofa, I had the chance to cut open the old one before taking it to the tip, and found the following:

Forty two crayons; 3 TV remote controls; 6 batteries; 1 handful of crumbs (possibly biscuits); 1 unknown relic the size of a child’s hand; 6 blocks of Lego including 1 Iron man figure, and £25 in loose change; no Raxxla.
Last edited: Mar 16, 2022
Reactions:
Adel, Jorki Rasalas and Macros Black