Rochester
Mar 15, 2022
#25,721
Thatchinho said:
I think the problem with this in terms of logic is several-fold:
There’s nothing to say that the rumour of Raxxla resulted from the discovery of Raxxla itself (there are certainly hints in the codex that it didn’t)
Assuming that the rumour started with the discovery of something outside of Sol, there’s nothing to say it was as a result of a jump that went right.
Similar, but for the following - it being discovered on a manned journey, it being discovered on a publicly acknowledged journey, etc.

Don’t get me wrong, I’m not saying it’s not an avenue worth considering, just that we can’t draw any definitive conclusions about the location of Raxxla based on it. It’s a good first cut of things though.

(Personally, my take on stuff like this is that the best approach to take is to look into it in its own right, with looking for Raxxla disregarded. Better to see what we can work out in general, and then see if that info tells us anything about Raxxla. Even if it doesn’t end up telling us anything about Raxxla, it might tell us about something else. And who knows, given what little we know about Raxxla, that something else might actually turn out to be connected with Raxxla.)
Click to expand...
A really good point. Totally agree.

My ramblings are essentially just an attempt at critical thinking, to challenge what we have; the assumptions I’ve made are just that, as such not enough to make a reliable assessment nor recommendations.

We must challenge our theories regularly, to improve our critical thinking and processes.

My current tin-fooleries only endeavour to see where information from the codex could take us if treated as reliable and trusted; in reality much if not all is technically an unknown.

What you propose is information collection broadly, which is sound, but in reality when setting out to gather intelligence one ought to set out the information requirements, based upon a simple set of questions. We ought to assess these IR based upon priorities, such as resources, intelligence gaps etc to provide focussed information gathering.

Technically there really isn’t enough information in game to warrant nor undertake this, unless reliable information can be obtained from the Codex or FD and even then one has to assess said information against a measure of reliability. The implicated danger is our institutional bias, which can cloud our information gathering.
Last edited: Mar 15, 2022