Thatchinho
Mar 16, 2022
#25,736
Rochester said:
A really good point. Totally agree.

My ramblings are essentially just an attempt at critical thinking, to challenge what we have; the assumptions I’ve made are just that, as such not enough to make a reliable assessment nor recommendations.

We must challenge our theories regularly, to improve our critical thinking and processes.

My current tin-fooleries only endeavour to see where information from the codex could take us if treated as reliable and trusted; in reality much if not all is technically an unknown.

What you propose is information collection broadly, which is sound, but in reality when setting out to gather intelligence one ought to set out the information requirements, based upon a simple set of questions. We ought to assess these IR based upon priorities, such as resources, intelligence gaps etc to provide focussed information gathering.

Technically there really isn’t enough information in game to warrant nor undertake this, unless reliable information can be obtained from the Codex or FD and even then one has to assess said information against a measure of reliability. The implicated danger is our institutional bias, which can cloud our information gathering.
Click to expand...
They might have been ramblings, but I thought they were good ramblings! More than enough to make me chip in with the info I had (and to revisit the sources and check them before posting as well ).

A lot of the last post was just me giving my thoughts on the matter as well.

I think the challenge on the intelligence gathering front is that, as you say, and as per @Jorki Rasalas ‘s post, we know so little that the information requirements are incredibly broad. Hence the approach of seeking information for the information’s sake, and then seeing what can be deduced from that broad set of info.

As an example, I went to Sol a long while back to see what the minimum jump range is to be able to plot a route to Achenar or Lave. Both are greater than 7ly - which of course is often cited as being the range of old hyperdrives. Useful info. Could very well just be that a very indirect route is possible which the route plotter wouldn’t try. Does it say anything about Raxxla? Possibly not, at least not directly. It’s interesting info nevertheless.

But I digress…
Reactions:
Rochester