Italianoblack
I
Jan 19, 2021
#20,402
So after my last post, there were good replies, pointing me to a lot of information that I could not possible pick up "on my own" by starting to play this game. But following the links has led me on a bit of a rabbit hole dive, and so to make sense of it all I stopped and said to myself, think like a software development company...

I've come to the conclusion, that FDEV have us on a current wild goose chase leading nowhere!

But I'd like to ask one serious question, to have serious answers without flaming, have there been any strong in-game evidence leads of Raxxla and/or other mysteries (e.g. Formidine Rift) in the last few years?

Why do I ask that, well, I have learned that a few years ago FDev pulled Galnet and the player contribution that went along with it. For example, from what I can understand the Formidine Rift story was being added by Drew Wagar via player allowed contribution to Galnet and as that story unfolded FDev would add to the game. Therefore there was a point to exploration. Now with a procedurally created world, an exploration mission is simply an FSS mini game inbetween loading screens.

Looking at EDAstro, the sheer number of permit locked regions across the galaxy is mind boggling. Probably reserved for future content and/or stories - but my point is that those stories are just not coming. I know you can argue through 2020 there was the Odyssey development, hampered by Covid, but that really only excuses the last 12 months, it doesn't address what was going on before that and the complete stop to player generated content and Galnet setting the environment.

So, I do believe David Braben when he says that Raxxla is in the game, but when he adds that Frontier know why we havent found it, I can only conclude that it's behind a permit locked region or one of the many permit locked systems near Sol, that you can not get a permit for yet. Seemingly if Raxxla was found tomorrow, a whole new piece of Lore would need to be created to keep the player base engagaed - so it is not in Frontier's interest to unlock the system yet.

What I don't understand though is why they seeminly shut down the Lore author's from the player contributed content via the old Galnet. For example, Drew's Fromidine stuff had a trail to Raxxla in there, and they could have used that to let us continue the search. Formidine was a rich story line up until the point it the trial goes dead... The only thing I can speculate is that Frontier want control over the Raxxla story, so perhaps something will come in Odyssey to move the story forward, and that was the main reason behind my last post.

Unfortunatley, I've reached a place where the game has become a big disappointment to me, and I would say the game promises a lot, and superficially delivers during the opening gameplay, but what that does is set up a fall from a greater height.

With the absence of the rich stories and player created content, the game is a repetitive piece of gameplay, interspersed between loading screens, visiting 200 odd Guardian structures, with the same purpose to shoot towers and scan an orb, or FSS scan a system to jump via a loading screen to the next system, knowing the best thing that you'll find is an ELW. (Unless of course you do the relog cycle to grind).

Without engaging stories and lore, whether that be by FDev, or by player added content, the game is a standard "Pew-Pew" shooter with no point. And let's be honest there is plenty of room for both player and developer added content, we've explored <1% of the galaxy.

I'll probably take a break from the game now.


(edited for typos)
Last edited: Jan 19, 2021