Louis Calvert
Nov 8, 2022
#27,747
Good day everyone I would like to present my latest insanity Idea. It's even stupiderly longer than my usual, so I've hidden the sections under spoiler tags so you can opt-in to them. Thoughts most welcome, this is my most insane and exciting idea yet.

The Dark Wheel and Raxxla are in Sol:
Our discussions these last few days made me really feel like the Dark Wheel/Raxxla was probably much closer to Sol than I've ever really thought before. Why not in Sol itself?
SPOILER: SPACE TRAVEL IS HARD





The Dark Wheel need to hide:
If you wanted to hide something you'd found off in some backwater system, you'd just... not broadcast it. Why the need for a space station and all the mystery right from the start?

SPOILER: WHY NEED TO HIDE?







The Dark Wheel needed a starport:
A space-station back in 2097+ isn't going to be some Brewer Corp beefy thing loaded with safety features. It'll be made of tinfoil and sticks - comparatively.

SPOILER: WHY A STARPORT?









Raxxla in the Sol system:
Assuming that all this is "from the early days of space travel". I find it difficult to believe that a small group of secret treasure hunters were able to mount any sort of venture to anywhere using FTL. What I can easily believe is that Sol was loaded with all sorts of ships, cargo transports, opportunities for adventure and treasure, non-FTL singleships slinging fusion drives around the system... Again, I'm picturing something like the Expanse here (for easy reference), tons of room for secrets and mystery without FTL travel.

Links to 2001: A Space Odyssey
SPOILER: 2001 A SPACE ODYSSEY









Decoding the toast of the Dark Wheel
SPOILER: DARK WHEEL TOAST CLUES













Evidence for this supported by the Raxxla Logo:
The Raxxla logo in the Codex is obviously a clue, but reading the symbolism of a graphic logo is near impossible... nevertheless...
SPOILER: RAXXLA LOGO















8th Moon of a Gas Giant:
As per the last few pages I've been trying to figure out why Saturn is missing a couple of moons...
Codex: "the original group was based in a disused starport orbiting the eighth moon of an unnamed gas giant. "

But Saturn only has 6 moons... (in ED)
SPOILER: SATURN'S 8TH MOON











Raxxla logo may link even further to Saturn:
SPOILER: SATURN AND 6 MOONS








I this is all I have for now. I've been looking at Saturn in Elite but the north pole is shadowed right now. (I think it's the north anyway, can't really tell!). From what I can see it doesn't have the hexagon, but I'm not sure that's really relevant since we already know and accept that quite a lot of astronomical features of bodies aren't accurately represented due to the tech used.

Iapetus also doesn't seem odd or strange, and I'm not sure how you go about finding a 'dark' station given how tiny it would be and we don't really even know if it's still in orbit?! - could as easily have been landed and converted in to, say, Bris Dekker's FSD lab (joking really, but... who knows?)

Obviously... this is heavy in the apophenia and making stuff fit after I'd already had the idea of Saturn, but.. I gotta say it does feel like it fits pretty well. If I were Fdev I'd love the idea of hiding Raxxla in Sol, all the people zooming off around the galaxy and it's always been "right under people's noses" so to speak.

Thoughts? Ways to test stuff? Things I (inevitably) got wrong that crash the whole idea to dust?
Reactions:
MrSuction, Rochester, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person