yelboc
Oct 31, 2021
#24,657
Emperor said:
"Students and commentators of Raxxla lore have noted that the legend of Raxxla is unusually influential, often leading Raxxla seekers to become singularly obsessed with it. This has been compared to the concept of "fernweh", which is experienced as an inexplicable longing for a place that an individual has never seen."

Why did they chose the word fernweh? it's always bugged me I had to google it when they used it too! ;-)

Such and unusual choice... anyone done any research?

"Most sources trace the word back to one Prince Hermann Ludwig Heinrich von Pückler-Muskau. A landscape gardener, Herr Pückler-Muskau also had been bitten by the travel bug and would end up publishing several books about his wanderings around Europe and North Africa (using the penname “Semilasso”). In 1835, Pückler-Muskau published The Penultimate Course of the World of Semilasso: Dream and Waking. In it, he uses the word fernweh several times, stating that he never suffers from homesickness, or heimweh, but instead suffers from the opposite affliction of fernweh."

"Prince Hermann von Puckler-Muskau wrote two travelogues using the pseudonym 'Semilasso'. Vorletzter Weltgang von Semilasso (1835) describes a journey through Germany and France, while Semilasso in Afrika (1836) follows the traveller to Algeria and the Kingdom of Tunis. The first book was not translated into English and received scant, mainly negative critical attention in Great Britain. The second was anonymously translated by E. W. P. Sinnett and Edward Ryan as Semilasso in Africa and brought out in March 1837 by the prominent London publisher Richard Bentley. The English text is largely faithful to the German and often elegant, though there are minor excisions and errors and some concessions to the tastes of British readers. The book was reviewed in many newspapers and periodicals, and its jaunty; anecdotal style and diverse subject matter prompted both admiration and censure. Critics commented particularly on Puckler's trademark sketches of scenery, his accounts of Roman and Punic remains, and the biographical and fictional narratives that stud his text. Semilasso in Africa went into a second edition in July 1837 and a third in 1839."
Click to expand...
Yes came up with Von Puckler Muskau along while back - his tomb, btw, is a pyramid in the middle of a lake.

Of all the words in the codex, its the only one that comes out the same in all translations (its untranslatable) so would make a good cipher key. But to what cipher..?
Reactions:
Rochester, Machina Ergo Sum, Emperor and 1 other person