CMDR Zulu
Oct 30, 2021
#24,649
A few things I considered to be of note with the whole Jokers Deck set of articles.
Disclaimer This is just my crazy and long opinion, don’t let it get your panties in a bunch.

Firstly, I believe “Joker’s Deck” in this context is metaphor for the Dark Wheel. They’re an invite only organization. They meet in secrecy in a secret location. They’re not criminal and have a strict code of honor. They offered a job to someone who infiltrated their veil of secrecy. Their leader is a fan of Galactic Mysteries maybe hinting at Legend Seekers. One thing I’m unsure of…is there something that’s of symbolic value to the founder of The Dark Wheel that’s been passed on to other members? I don’t think Salome’s dark wheel medallion fits this but I’m unsure.

The word “Wheel” itself is mentioned as well in these articles but it’s in French “Roue Mortelle” tables is “Deadly Wheel” tables. I guess the writer didn’t want to just use Roulette tables for some reason so used Roue Mortelle tables instead.

The specific characters mentioned as being associated with Jokers Deck seems significant as well but much harder to nail down.

Lexi October for example: October named for being the 8th month of the Roman calendar (I’m sure we’re all aware of the association of Thargoids and the number 8). I hypothesized over a year ago that she seemed to represent the leader of the dark wheel who came across the real Soontill after it had been damaged and brought it back from the brink. Back then I made the assumption that Supratech’s burned warehouse symbolized this, and now we have mention of another nondescript derelict warehouse that is palatial on the inside in this recent article. I don’t want to go back over Supratech and The Torc at this moment, so, on to the next few characters.

Duchess Rouncival: Rouncival possibly meaning Large, Monster. She’s associated with providing Onionhead to people at her decadent parties “that would have people in the Federation chasing unicorns.” There isn’t much to go on with her since she’s not mentioned often in Galnet.

Scorpio Devorrow: Scorpion 8 legged arachnid. Described his personal computer device the Torc (a circular metal collar) as cutting edge tech that “uses holograms to surround you in your own personalized world”. The Torc failed to impress at the Ultratech expo because it surrounded users in a disorienting array of colors and caused nausea.

Senator Leatrix: Hosted a party at her “Glittering mountaintop retreat” that she believed would be inspiring for people to see…outlandish and out of touch for sure. She’s also a fan of Onionhead for some reason.


Ambassador Rochester: This one honestly eludes me. I feel as though there is a hidden reference in all the articles pertaining to Aisling and Rochester but I’m not convinced enough to make any claims and there are tons of them.

Arch-Corsairs Trask and Volantyne: Another conundrum. I couldn’t find any mention of Trask but Volantyne was associated with promoting Onionhead, which I believe Onionhead’s story so to speak was representative of historical Thargoid persecution i.e. the bombing of Panem with a chemical that behaves similarly to the Mycoid virus. This new development of The Helix or Gamma Strain is making me think we might see a new type or more widespread Thargoid activity. Similar to how Gamma Strain is more suitable for mass production. I do find it strange that the Corsairs are “taking on” Zachary Rackham at the Deadly Wheel (Roue Mortelle Tables). Given that Rackham chose not to fund Supratech and chose the Duradrive instead perhaps Rackham is representative of The Dark Wheels adversary or just an off shoot that isn’t aligning with the rest of the groups interests.

“Calico” Zachary Rackham: (Why they call him Calico is a mystery to me) After going over the articles mentioning him I think he is representative of The Club leadership which would explain why he’s portrayed as an adversary to the Arch-Corsairs in the article and why he chose the Duradrive over the Torc. Possibly even representative of Sirius. An Article mentioning Sirius wanting to host the Galactic Summit also mentioned Rackham wanting to host the summit at The Galactic Zenith seemed on the nose to me. That article quickly stated that Rackham wasn’t taken seriously as if to say he’s a joke and not worthy of consideration. Rackham has also been to the “Rhea Archipelago” a place that has been mentioned several times and is usually mentioned in conjunction with missing celebrities.

Xiona: possibly hinting at the word Zion: Heaven or Utopia. She makes very rare appearances and came out of retirement to do a one off show but apparently her sound is unmistakable. She’s always mentioned last in the articles. This leads me to believe there’s some sort of amazing audio associated with locating what I believe is being hinted at here.

Okay so what the heck is lunatic Commander Zulu getting at with all this?

About a year or so ago I was going through Galnet articles particularly the ones focusing on Supratech, Lexi October, Winking Cat, Xiona, Onionhead, etc. and saying that they appeared to be alluding to something hidden. Well now a good portion of those articles characters have been mentioned again underneath the umbrella of The Jokers Deck and Wolfe is seemingly vaguely describing how she infiltrated them.

I think it’s trying to describe what to do.

Locate a mundane looking planet (probably ice) or station in an industrial economy system, possibly the 8th moon, given that Lexi October was associated with the system Rakapila I’d check there or in that vicinity since she’s “the host” or maybe even other systems where People’s Rakapila Progressive Party is present if there are any. (Just as a side note in the DJ Truth Sayer interview Michael Brookes wore a shirt with a tree on it and Rakapila is a sacred tree deity in Madagascar). Then comes the fake ID part, not sure about that one, maybe a Thargoid Sensor or Probe.

Then, idk…there’s the Winking Cat…I’m starting to think we have to emulate what the Winking Cat does and circumvent thermal sensors and defenses via stealth mode to steal something. Maybe if done successfully you get offered work like Wolfe was but from the actual Dark Wheel.

I’m hesitant to even share this because of how crazy it seems. Oh well.
Reactions:
Djidjel and simulacrae