Rochester
Dec 19, 2022
#28,564
‘political, demographic, socio-economic and environmental situations are major contributors to migration. These are the main drivers of forced migration, either international or internal, and largely out of individuals’ control.

Among the ‘meso-factors’, communication technology, land grabbing and diasporic links play an important role. In particular, social media attract people out of their origin countries by raising awareness of living conditions in the affluent world, albeit often grossly exaggerated, with the diaspora link also acting as an attractor. However, ‘micro-factors’ such as education, religion, marital status and personal attitude to migration also have a key role in making the final decision to migrate an individual choice. The stereotype of the illiterate, poor and rural migrant reaching the borders of affluent countries has to be abandoned. The poorest people simply do not have the means to escape war and poverty and remain trapped in their country or in the neighbouring one.’ Drivers of Migration: Why do people move? - Francesco Castelli p2018

Post colonial migration was in part driven by this same form of migration, driven by poverty and political / religious persecution and the ‘promise’ of a better prosperous land, owned by rich industrialists in need of a healthy workforce which previously was driven by slavery and prison labour.

The majority of current migration, not legal or enabled by charitable / organised forces, is actually enabled by modern day organised crime, extortion and follow on debt enslavement being the primary enablers (so no change there really).

Within ED little little to no data exists that I can find to explain the reason for migration of the Gen Ships. Other than ‘commercial’ entities establishing colonies; this is likely due to the desire to exploit resources and therefore they took their workforce with them. Or in the establishment of the Empire the desire of the wealthy to escape the Federation and establish their own political control mechanisms. Anyone with the desire to follow obviously felt there was a need to escape the current economic situation. Those that couldn’t - didn’t.

It stands that pre-WW3 Earth had likely used up much of its resources, and before the war attempted space colonisation to exploit the resources of the Sol System as well as better feed the existing population, before this was all obliterated by war.

So there seemingly exists a supposed void in this time line, but maybe there isn’t? I suspect certain statements may be misquoted, but I dont rightly know!

Gen-ships obviously being heavily reliant on resources and essentially highly risky would effectively outweigh any potential fiscal gain, unless they weren’t actually costly to manufacture.

Most vessels utilised in historic migration, returned, they being utilised for trade. Some early vessels could be ‘expendable’ being made either from an abundant material (at the time) or via a slave workforce (poorly paid lower classes of society / or outright slaves). Or the ultra-rich who owned them considered the cost of the vessels insignificant against the overall profits (to them).

Ships generally aren’t salvaged, many can be left to rot…or sold off cheap.

If so that would equate that resources were abundant, and that likely the early Federal society was more probably far more militant, so those who left sought escape from persecution, and / or significant over population.

Such a concept works if resources are abundant, and the economic forces a dictatorship. The crews likely paid for their journeys, hence paying the capitalists and covering the cost, but only if the vessels themselves were cheap to manufacture, it being a one way trip.

One can only call upon @Allen Stroud and seek some clarity around this potential timeline void! Otherwise I would side with it not being relevant, also this is going off-topic.
Last edited: Dec 22, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and Darrack