Han_Zen
Dec 19, 2022
#28,568
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Seriously? Cerberus, the three-headed guard dog of hell, wasn't enough of a hint that something was seriously not right?

They absolutely didn't scap it because both Cerberus Plague happened and the assasination of Dr. Joreb Innitu occurred. Dr. Innitu was not the target but was instead collatoral damage (the actual targer was an Android researcher who first noticed Mycoid). Both Cerberus Plague and Sohalia fever share identical symptoms and pathogen - specifically Mycoid. It would be really nice if the players had bothered to investigate Cerberus Plague because it absolutely was different than the interference in stations (which was due Thargoid sensors degrading metals and other structural materials nearby). Meanwhile, Cereberus Plague curiously only impacted modified humans (meaning part cyborg, had plastic impants, or were androids mascuerading as humans). The pathogen even had the triple structure from the INRA sites. It isn't like they were exactly subtle about what it was, either. Attached document covers all details and backstory for Cerberus and how it can be linked to past events.

It is getting really, really tiring having to extra work just because no one bothered to understand the story. I just do not understand why if something was provably in Elite Dangerous you wouldn't then familiarize yourselves with that individuals backstory if they had appeared previously in the series.

A first-timer (this is my first time playing the series) absolutely should not be having to explain this to folks that should have known better.

What part of this is an entire series that was wholly redone in a single game because they could finally give it the justice it deserved is hard?

Click to expand...
I remember Dr. Joreb Innitu. I killed him, my self.

He was targeted because of a series of articles called "The Thargoids -Truth and Fiction", where INRA's use of Mycoid were revealed.

This happened well after the ending of the Sohalian fever (a plauge inn FFE, similar to the Cerberus plague).

None of these plagues had any real impact outside the the affected systems. If there was a galaxy wide genocide on all androids between 3260 and 3300, it would require a bit more effort.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and Rochester