Louis Calvert
Dec 19, 2022
#28,565
This has become a fascinating discussion!

I can absolutely understand some pioneering spirited/persecuted people wanted to leave Sol, absolutely. A few Gen ships, I totally understand, maybe a few dozen even.

It's more the vast, vast industry that would need to exist to build the more than 70,000 ships that's got me stumped - remember the 70,000 number is just how many are thought to be still travelling, the actual number is presumably much higher. Finding people to crew them would be easy by comparison.

Edit: remember this is specifically Generation ships (not colony ships) - where the original crews would never live to see the destination. It would be their distant descendants that actually arrived. So you're not going to have Corporations moving out to the stars in Gen ships, they wouldn't be used as prisoner exile ships, they wouldn't be used as anything other than pure future colonisation ships to preserve humanity - not specific people, just humanity in general. That's literally the only purpose of a Generation ship.

The distinction is that colony ships came later (like Marlin Duval's colony fleet to Achenar in 2250, Sirius's colony ships in 2339, etc.). In a colony ship you have the same crew that got on the ship arrives at the destination, and the journey is fast enough for return trips making interstellar trade viable - that's when you get corporations involved.

SPOILER: GENERATION SHIPS ARTICLE FROM GALNET











"Most of these ambitious expeditions were funded by large corporations, and the penalties for interfering with them were severe, given the enormous cost of mobilising them. At the time of writing, there are believed to be somewhere in the region of 70,000 generation ships coursing through the galaxy."
More Research on Gen ships:
SPOILER: DETAILS OF WW3 (2055) TO A MASS EXODUS (2160) FROM THE ELITE DANGEROUS TIMELINE

In short. WW3 devastated most of the Earth, a billion people died, 100 years later 75% of the entire planet's GDP is poured into making Gen ships for 19 years.
From the Elite Dangerous Timeline it looks like the bulk of the Generation ships were actually built in an insanely short timeframe:
"From 2160 to 2179, almost three-quarters of Earth's productivity is geared towards interstellar colonial efforts."

The entire planet Earth devoted 75% of it's entire productivity into gen ships for 19 years on a project that won't benefit anyone on Earth at all (at least for decades or centuries)! That's altruism of some kind of insanely extreme kind that's never repeated before or after in Elite Dangerous, it's Star Trek levels of extreme altruistic socialism...

This is only a few years after results from the first interstellar FTL probes started coming back in. What might have been discovered?

Most importantly, what happened in 2179 that signalled the 'end' of this feverish project?

For 19 years the entire planet spent 75% of it's GDP on making generation ships then just stopped, and although there were (presumably) gen ships after that, there clearly wasn't another period of this level of extreme gen ship building.

Raxxla was discovered at some point during this early period in Earth's history. There's no way to know if any of this is related, but it seems like maybe something happened around the 2150s relating to interstellar discoveries that warranted a massive explosion away from Sol. It doesn't make sense that it was just a search for mineral wealth (there's plenty in Sol already).



Edit: Edit: removed additional thoughts.
Last edited: Dec 19, 2022
Reactions:
Sunyavadin