CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 19, 2022
#28,567
Han_Zen said:
The ban on sentient AI in the ED universe, is mostly practical. In FFE a large part of the federal, independent and alliance population were androids. They had the same rights as all other citizens. Many of them held important positions, like CEO of Sirius corporation.
In the Empire a similar portion of the population were made up of clones. Many of them were heavily modified, to do a specific type of work.

FD wanted to scrap this part of history, for ED. To our knowledge the clones and androids never happened. To help clarify this change in direction, the AI ban was put in.
Seriously? Cerberus, the three-headed guard dog of hell, wasn't enough of a hint that something was seriously not right?

They absolutely didn't scap it because both Cerberus Plague happened and the assasination of Dr. Joreb Innitu occurred. Dr. Innitu was not the target but was instead collatoral damage (the actual targer was an Android researcher who first noticed Mycoid). Both Cerberus Plague and Sohalia fever share identical symptoms and pathogen - specifically Mycoid. It would be really nice if the players had bothered to investigate Cerberus Plague because it absolutely was different than the interference in stations (which was due Thargoid sensors degrading metals and other structural materials nearby). Meanwhile, Cereberus Plague curiously only impacted modified humans (meaning part cyborg, had plastic impants, or were androids mascuerading as humans). The pathogen even had the triple structure from the INRA sites. It isn't like they were exactly subtle about what it was, either. Attached document covers all details and backstory for Cerberus and how it can be linked to past events.

It is getting really, really tiring having to extra work just because no one bothered to understand the story. I just do not understand why if something was provably in Elite Dangerous you wouldn't then familiarize yourselves with that individuals backstory if they had appeared previously in the series.

A first-timer (this is my first time playing the series) absolutely should not be having to explain this to folks that should have known better.

What part of this is an entire series that was wholly redone in a single game because they could finally give it the justice it deserved is hard?

Source: https://media.giphy.com/media/MCKyH7WE51leDrqDO4/giphy.gif
Attachments
The case for Salvation being brought to justice.pdf
677.4 KB · Views: 104
Screenshot_20220802-113440~2.png
299.5 KB · Views: 50
Last edited: Dec 19, 2022