Jorki Rasalas
Apr 30, 2024
#33,937
Rochester said:
Not read it myself yet. One of those I seem to want to, but never finding the energy towards actually engaging.

It’s evident to myself that the reference in the codex to Atlantis etc, is an example of a direct reference to the systems in game around Axis Mundi, which I designated as the Lost Realms, these are in my opinion a direct literary reference to the writer Robert Holdstock.

So we have a architect who seeds their galaxy, with literary Easter eggs.

One hypothesis is that the passage in the codex about Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars, is I believe is also another literary reference, to that of Brookes Elite Legacy.

Much like I suspect the title of the children’s story mentioned in the codex, is the actual book given to Legacy’s protagonist, Julia, and that Brookes was , in that clues to the location were seeded in .

Brookes paints himself into his own book of Legacy, as the character Hammer. That is a very bold move.

I suspect he is repeating that motif, by using the ‘official’ novella to give the location of Raxxla, but that it in part involves his other works too. Namely Sun Dragons and the Tau Ceti Mission, repeating this motif of self portraiture.

I’ve not read these. But the inclusion of Tau Ceti, and a story in another story about ’space dragons’ is so coincidental it cannot be arbitrary.

A question then is, do these Sun Dragons ‘spiral’? Who is the star lover of these three books? And what locations has Brookes referred to in these three separate books? Is there a common theme?

Again I find Brooke’s writing particularly dry, and focussed too much on minutia, so if there are clues, they may be difficult to identify, but on re-reading Legacy, only partially Brookes does in one short passage, reflect upon Norse gods, in the way he describes Hammer, like one of those old mountain men of myth, also he references in another section a system named after a river god…

So we might have various references to the Norse systems or Older Gods systems? Who can tell…?

I don’t believe he seeded his older works intentionally, but that Brookes is re-using them, this is a common trait artist do in their work, they reuse older work or contextualise it, alongside that of their contemporaries, and immortalise themselves through their characters.

I don’t believe it will be obvious, as I believe Brookes did this surreptitiously without DB knowledge.

It might not be so contrived.

The inclusion of the memorial of Brookes Tours begins and ultimately ends in Artemis, reflecting upon Legacy, by referencing Hammers burial.

That burial method has always read suspiciously similar to that of the in-game .

The Trinkets in game were linked as FD confirmed via a support request, linked to that story (dark wheel missions) but were at most a curiosity. What if the Trinkets have no real mechanical purpose, but are evidence of ‘environmental storytelling’?

Another question could be, is the reference to his book simply a reference to the character , are we supposed to look for Hammers grave?

Is Julia’s book, one of the trinkets placed in that grave?
Click to expand...
I bought Sun Dragon on that premise, but didn't find it an enjoyable read (too much dry detail), or helpful in this quest. And the Tau Ceti Mission reference is also an interesting possibility (read it online, also didn't seem helpful).

However in answer to the forum post "Legacy was billed in the Kickstarter campaign as a sequel to The Dark Wheel, however, I was expecting more of a direct follow up ...There was a throwaway reference to Raxxla near the beginning of the story but... " MB did explicitly respond “It was more of a spiritual successor than a direct sequel. We did look at a story involving Raxxla, but felt that was a story that should be played out in game rather than as a novel.”
(See my FD Quotes thread https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/fdev-ed-relevant-quotes-videos.553526/#post-8671776)

SO, I'm convinced that we have all the clues necessary to find Raxxla embedded in-game; anything external (like Legacy) is just a helping hand. The repetition in Legacy of the subanagram I found from the Codex clue, and the interesting appearance of the first discoverer, increases my confidence that I found the correct system. I'm reasonably optimisitic that the logo gives information on how to activate the solution, which is obfuscated....but it's frustratingly obscure!

I vaguely seem to remember (& Cmdr Koben also posted in this thread his recollection of the same conversation ) a very early livestream where DB commented in response to a question about Raxxla along the lines of:
DB: "It would be more likelly to reveal itself to a group of players."
Interviewer: "How so?"
DB: "If you are at the right place and you scan it enough..."
Interviewer: "Advanced scanner or the basic one?"
DB: "Basic scanning is enough."
Interviewer: "But you have to be Elite..."
DB: "You have to be Elite."

(Edit: the requirement for being Elite I initially thought was a hint that it was located in ShinDez, but in hindsight it may just be an additional location requirement as a nod to the original Holdstock novella phrasing (or just more obfuscation? or dangerous situation when "it" reveals itself?))

So the logo may be instructions how to scan for it? I was wondering while half asleep this morning if the three arcs might represent scanner honk directions...

The other semi-conscious thought I had was whether, given the rich variety of interaction tools FD have provided us (), perhaps we have to use our lasers to shoot at something to activate it...given the (IMO) likelihood that it is Guardian, then I'm reminded of the Guardian beacon activation, which IIRC requires shooting three things within a timeout period...must look up my PC videos of doing that...do any of the objects involved match the black area shapes of the logo??

(Edit2: mmm, just looked at the Guardian Beacon wiki and I can see some similarity between their outline and the six black areas of the logo!)

Edit3: that "It would be more likelly to reveal itself" does lend weight to the hypothesis that it is invisible until somehow activated!
Last edited: Apr 30, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae, Rochester, Han_Zen and 2 others