Rochester
Apr 30, 2024
#33,935
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Has anyone actually read Michael Brookes' "Sun Dragon"? I own it on Kindle but admittedly the books written for Elite Dangerous had been higher priority.


Sun Dragon
2012: NASA's Curiosity Rover lands on Mars to search fo…
www.goodreads.com
Click to expand...

Not read it myself yet. One of those I seem to want to, but never finding the energy towards actually engaging.

It’s evident to myself that the reference in the codex to Atlantis etc, is an example of a direct reference to the systems in game around Axis Mundi, which I designated as the Lost Realms, these are in my opinion a direct literary reference to the writer Robert Holdstock.

So we have a architect who seeds their galaxy, with literary Easter eggs.

One hypothesis is that the passage in the codex about Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars, is I believe is also another literary reference, to that of Brookes Elite Legacy.

Much like @Jorki Rasalas I suspect the title of the children’s story mentioned in the codex, is the actual book given to Legacy’s protagonist, Julia, and that Brookes was referring to his own work, in that clues to the location were seeded in his books.

Brookes paints himself into his own book of Legacy, as the character Hammer. That is a very bold move.

I suspect he is repeating that motif, by using the ‘official’ novella to give the location of Raxxla, but that it in part involves his other works too. Namely Sun Dragons and the Tau Ceti Mission, repeating this motif of self portraiture.

I’ve not read these. But the inclusion of Tau Ceti, and a story in another story about ’space dragons’ is so coincidental it cannot be arbitrary.

A question then is, do these Sun Dragons ‘spiral’? Who is the star lover of these three books? And what locations has Brookes referred to in these three separate books? Is there a common theme?

Again I find Brooke’s writing particularly dry, and focussed too much on minutia, so if there are clues, they may be difficult to identify, but on re-reading Legacy, only partially Brookes does in one short passage, reflect upon Norse gods, in the way he describes Hammer, like one of those old mountain men of myth, also he references in another section a system named after a river god…

So we might have various references to the Norse systems or Older Gods systems? Who can tell…?

I don’t believe he seeded his older works intentionally, but that Brookes is re-using them, this is a common trait artist do in their work, they reuse older work or contextualise it, alongside that of their contemporaries, and immortalise themselves through their characters.

I don’t believe it will be obvious, as I believe Brookes did this surreptitiously without DB knowledge.

It might not be so contrived.

The inclusion of the memorial of Brookes Tours begins and ultimately ends in Artemis, reflecting upon Legacy, by referencing Hammers burial.

That burial method has always read suspiciously similar to that of the in-game Trinkets of Hidden Fortune.

The Trinkets in game were linked as FD confirmed via a support request, linked to that story (dark wheel missions) but were at most a curiosity. What if the Trinkets have no real mechanical purpose, but are evidence of ‘environmental storytelling’?

Another alternative could be, is this just reference to one of his books, such as Legacy, and that it holds some clue in game? Is the codex simply a reference to the system Artemis, and of what happened the, are we supposed to look for Hammers grave?

Is Julia’s book, one of the trinkets placed in that grave?
Last edited: Apr 30, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Jorki Rasalas