Rochester
Apr 20, 2024
#33,922
selbie said:
This part definitely struck a chord with me:

Along with the conversation about Chaos and the 'ancient night' it definitely evokes the Lovecraftian mythos MB wanted to weave into the mix. The Thargoids fit that image of the fallen angels seeding new worlds - ie. seeding discord within a civilisation - first the Guardians, now potentially Humanity.
Alternately the Thargoids seemingly emerge, like eldritch horrors, from "the deep, dark illimitable Ocean without bound..." where "eldest Night and Chaos, Ancestors of Nature, hold".

Yeah - there are parallels. One can see the influences of Milton’s concepts upon Brookes and Lovecraft. It’s evident from Brookes own description that these were the core inspiration that seeded Brooke’s ‘the space in between’, and importantly I propose the in-game cosmological model, built upon their remains… is this the truth which Raxxla may reveal?

Milton certainly was the first writer to establish the context of ‘space’ relating to ‘outer space’ and it being expansive and unknown, this is a seed Milton cast in the minds eye, where before there was only the ’word’, in some opinion you could argue he introduced the concept of true cosmic horror.

Miltons cosmos exists of itself, granted formless, it evokes the Otherworldliness that Lovecraft later touched on.

In the text Milton does indeed identify the existence of ‘other Edens’ populated with other beings.

In regards Lovecrafts or Brookes ‘Older gods’; Milton’s fallen angels are certainly great examples of inspiration, being incredibly powerful beings, with abilities that enable them to shape and move celestial objects and traverse vast interstellar distances.

Miltons wider cosmos of Chaos, touches upon concepts of infinity, with our ‘smaller universe and the defined area of ‘heaven’ as places which are thus seen as accessible, beautiful and knowable, whilst the outer void, threatens to defy our perspectives, and establishes that we are not the centre of the universe, that our world is tiny and insignificant in comparison.

‘In Paradise Lost, Chaos is the primordial space from which God cut out Heaven, Hell, and our universe. This original, undifferentiated, infinite space didn’t just go away after the world was created, however, but remains a looming vastness in the backdrop—Satan in fact has to transverse that vastness in order to get from Hell to Earth. It is within this gargantuan ambient space that creation plays itself out: a small aberration, and perhaps even just a temporary one‘ Jarod K. Anderson.

In Milton’s fallen, we can see the various sources of inspiration for Lovecraft; evolving from that seed of cosmic horror that threatens to reveal - man does not hold sole dominion, is insignificant in comparison and that another, more monstrous ancient race, may one day reclaim what was once theirs!

John Milton's Influence on H.P. Lovecraft — Jarod K. Anderson
Lately, I've been revisiting the works of H.P. Lovecraft. I adore Lovecraft and I don't think I'll be saying anything terribly surprising or controversial if I refer to him as the father of weird fiction. He gave us elder gods waiting on the doorstep of reality, waiting and eyeing our sunl
www.jarodkanderson.com

A Bridge through Chaos: The Miltonic
in "Dagon" and Lovecraft's Greater
Cthulhu Mythos. By Christopher Cuccia.

‘Lovecraft looks back to the seventeenth-century poet John Milton, explicitly evoking the terrifying cosmos envisioned in Milton's masterwork, Paradise Lost (1667; 1674). The weight of Lovecraft's stark references to Milton and Paradise Lost in this crucial tale foreshadowing the very Cthulhu Mythos demonstrates that the Miltonic looms large over Lovecraft's oeuvre. Christopher Cuccia

A Bridge through Chaos on JSTOR
Christopher Cuccia, A Bridge through Chaos, Lovecraft Annual, No. 15 (2021), pp. 102-127
www.jstor.org

"The Essence of Cosmic Mystery": The Appeal of John Martin's Paradise Lost Pictures to H. P. Lovecraft by Christopher Cuccia.

‘H. P. Lovecraft harbored a profound admiration for the seventeenth century poet John Milton, drawing much inspiration from Milton's epic masterwork, Paradise Lost (1667/1674) (see Cuccia). Lovecraft also greatly admired one of Milton's most famous illustrators, Gustave Doré, who produced the masterful engravings for an 1866 edition of Paradise Lost, which Lovecraft's family owned, and which in turn inspired a Lovecraftian creature (night-gaunts)’.

"I began having nightmares of the most hideous description, peopled with things which 1 called 'nightgaunts," Lovecraft revealed in a letter of 1916, explaining, "I used to draw them after waking (perhaps the idea of these figures came from an edition de luxe of 'Paradise Lost' with illustrations by Doré, which I discovered one day in the east parlour)" (Letters to Rhenhart Kleine and Others 66).

Doré's gloomy engravings remain the most popular Milton illustrations to this day, but prior to Doré it was the English painter and printmaker John Martin (1789-1854) who could boast the most celebrated illustrations of Paradise Lost, and Lovecraft professed in a letter of 1928 that he preferred these’. Christopher Cuccia.

“The Essence of Cosmic Mystery” on JSTOR
Christopher Cuccia, “The Essence of Cosmic Mystery”, Lovecraft Annual, No. 16 (2022), pp. 75-89
www.jstor.org



So it’s confirmed by Brookes from his blog that his ‘The Space in-between’ was certainly a Lovecraft/Milton marriage.

I suspect Brookes concept, of the universe being created by beings older than the ‘Christian god’ formed the basis of the cosmological model in game, in the same way that in his text Brookes states their corpses were the building blocks, that in game their names are used the identity its shape and form.

Likewise Guardians and Thargoids alike can be aligned upon this concept.

This forms the basis of my overarching theory, that this is essentially the truth being Raxxla…. it being I propose a ‘philosophers stone’ which once discovered, will reveal this to all eyes.
Last edited: Apr 24, 2024
Reactions:
selbie, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, El Saico and 1 other person