Vetinari
V
May 6, 2020
#16,347
@Marbat - all from a an unreliable memory so will be innacurate on certain things.

At some point in the past (I thought original Elite but see disclaimer above) Lave was rumoured to have a 'missing moon' and this was speculated to be Raxxla as one potential solution. (I never read/played Oolite or had any knowledge of it so must have come from elsewhere into my consciousness, maybe a magazine article I did read, maybe something in an old game, I just don't know)
Current in game but cant recall where (GalNet?), Lave 2 is canonised as the 'missing moon', no explanation of how or why it disappeared/got forgotten/got mis-labelled at all or any kind of back-story I found, there may be one and I just haven't found it.

Then they permit locked it which just adds to the confusion/conspiracy/obfuscation

Some permit locks were requested by authors, presumably for future story content which may or may not ever materialise. Some are for known future in-game story developments and some are just locked in case they (fdev) want to use it for something and need a place to start ie they come up with a new idea in 10 years and need somewhere to base it. Some are for 'known' current lore reasons (eg The Moon in Sol). Some will therefore be unlocked or accessible at the right point in the story and some will remain locked for future content

Each permit is individual - try flying into the planets exclusion zone and you get a message saying 'This is locked by ABC' where ABC is different, they are locked by different factions/orgs just like permit locked systems.

@ everyone - Where did we get the 8th moon idea from? Its not in the Codex now, all that says is it is speculated to be something from an ordinary moon to a state of consciousness. Have I been wasting my time? Codex says earliest accounts all agree its a definite place but doesnt give any examples of these accounts just the apparent 1st mention which is dismissive of Raxxla as a real place and places it as a rumour even at that time, 2296. Codex also says that any idea its a gateway or stargate is long discredited but with the proviso for conspiracy theorists that there may be clues in the childrens story, which doesn't exist in game. Personally I think thats fdev removing that idea. Codex kind of removes or ignores a lot of old lore without actually adding any new lore, which may be the point of it.

Depends on whether you believe Codex is true (wrapping up old lore and setting the scene for the actual Raxxla today) or a further obfuscation (written in game by people trying to keep people away from the truth). The fact that its there means it is lore as is the DW entry but both are written as 'could be a myth'.
Edit: Books do credit DW as real organisation and their initial purpose was to find Raxxla.

has anybody actually joined the EPF? Is it automatic at Dangerous without any acknowledgement that its happened or is this what DB was referring to in that video by a 'secret' organisation, would make sense you don't get enrolled if you 'killed that policeman the other day'.
Last edited: May 6, 2020
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, Fi5hboN3 and [PS4] Filthymick420