Ughkoff
May 6, 2020
#16,350
Han_Zen said:
8th moon is from The Dark Wheel codex.
This codex on the dark wheel is needed for a new player who, for example, does not yet communicate or does not know about Elite, communities and forums, books, or his/her language does not allow, etc. This gives a certain goal that a player can achieve by getting the rank of Elite . With this rank, the player searches for the world of founders, and opposite the gas giant (the second star has no name, just a code), finds one of the offices on the eighth moon, and performing DW tasks, he has the opportunity to perform “special tasks” of this minor fraction (it’s even possible to play Role Play , developing this fraction), associating itself with DW is looking for riddles in the galaxy, etc.

as for the station ... unfortunately I was not in the Elite rank during the release of the game, so I don’t know, before the horizon - was there a station? Perhaps it is there, not physically, but in the Codex. and it looks like this: Player - "I searched everything there, but did not find the station!" FDev - "hmmm ... of course you didn’t find it, it’s hidden there and you can’t detect it, because it specifically uses little energy, does not include a beacon , etc. but it is there". It exists in Lore, but not physically. Observing the study of systems in a living bubble (it cannot be located in another place for many reasons), Players would have found it a long time ago. There are practically no places in the bubble that were not visited by players, unless these places are hidden or there is a restriction on access such as Polaris, Witches Reach, (by the way, need to check the theory and scripts, maybe a fraction gives out a pass, fraction does not have to be present in the system).

Lave 2. I do not remember, does this body exist in the first Elite (I played a very very long time ago and I do not remember already)? Is there anything special there? maybe text, goods, species, something that can be checked
Reactions:
Zimous and Machina Ergo Sum