Macros Black
Jul 23, 2015
#10
Zion Ravescene said:
I've seen pirates drop Trinkets of Hidden Fortune after pulverising them in my Python. I could never retrieve them though.

It is interesting that the Trinkets function as vehicles for transporting data crystals just like the SAP 8 Core containers.

Don Alvarez said:
Good luck with this commander. I really hope this leads you to something.

Thanks, Don Alvarez. It has already led to excitement;yesterday I lost Ryath for the first time, now she's outfitted with a Mirrored Surface Composite hull

Zion Ravescene said:
I'm not entirely convinced these missions themselves are the keys to unlocking something. What they seem to be, however, are hints that this story is heading in that particular direction, in the guise of missions accessible only to the ELITE players - further suggested by The Dark Wheel's association with the Founders World, a system only accessible by ELITE players or certain KS backers - something else might later present itself in time.

That said, it will be interesting to see where it all goes. The roleplaying Dark Wheel representative on this forum, its involvement with Drew, and the recent Galnet news seemingly announcing the closure of the Senator Loren storyline by tying it into The Dark Wheel, might be part of this.

- - - Updated - - -



This is interesting. I don't think I have seen this type of mission before. Are they available only to those who reached ELITE in all disciplines?
Click to expand...

Thanks Zion. The missions will definitely take me places, I would not otherwise have gone. I did not log the required rank, will be sure to log it next time. Have not seen missions that required multiple ranks...

PanPiper. said:
Good Job Cmdr Macros. i am sure this will lead to something. Dark wheel made some intresting reading last night and certainly fits with the mission descriptions.
Which leads to the legend the myth of Raxxala. Somehow all the pieces of a bigger puzzle will fit together when we work it out i think, the Sap 8 containers, the location of the door to a place thats not a place. possibly the UA may be needed there. The trinkets of fortune i am unfamiliar with.
Raxxala was a planet not the system i gather from the fiction.finding it wont be easy ( hardly likely to still be called raxxala ) and only the Elite would find it. If you havnt read the dark wheel , certainly worth a look.

some other supporting evidence i found Raxxala is real.



Michael's comment about the sequel to dark wheel.

Click to expand...

Thanks PanPiper. Yes, the comment strenghtens the possibilty for finding Raxxla. Good luck on your journey.