CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Aug 9, 2023
#31,169
Han_Zen said:
Zelada and Veliaze are to separate anarchies, in Frontier and First encounters. They aren't particularly close.

Acksoex and Bedaho are also separate systems. Bedaho is a democracy.

Ackwada and Arexack are corporate state in Frontier.

FrontierAstro Star Systems Page
Shibboleths my dears. Shibboleths will get you every single time.

The Federation had their ass handed to them by pirates in Veliaze, Amiay, and Ququve. As a consequence the renamed a system to save face from an entire battle group burning. That tale is recounted in Zelada. Nevermind the losses continue further out towards Oltiqu (now known as Gateway) where Federal officials sided with the locals handing the rebellious Frontier worlds a victory that would be made worse at Alioth. Quphieth and Alioth are the same system in Frontier but told from an Imperial and then Federal perspective (there is but one Donaldson starport).

There is but one Home planet in all of Elite. Planets didn't change names even when the powers the control the system did change. From the First Encounters journal:

ANARCHY HITS HAMMER’S FIST

J.J.

From Hammer’s Fist, Home, Acksoex, Lemuel M’Bono sends this report:

“Today the ‘Home’s Hepplewhite, home to a hundred and thirty hard-core journalists, was under siege when hosts of Imperial reporters, backed by recidivists from the local community delivered a barrage of missiles and insults at the hotel. Barricading ourselves inside, we returned fire and the situation might have deteriorated had not a courageous group of Frontier correspondents armed with ‘Sudorjuice Cocktails’ launched a rear attack on our aggressors from Mrs Doom-Parker’s Boarding House.”

The assault was eventually quelled by the newly-formed ‘Home Police Department’ (HPD), an ad hoc organisation composed of members of the Hammer’s Fist citizenry who have declared their intention of reimposing order on the settlement. Incensed by reports that the Emperor, Hengist Duval is dispatching a Naval war fleet to ‘protect’ his literary hacks, we are now petitioning the Federal Government to retaliate appropriately so that our faithful and hard-working employees in Acksoex may enjoy the protection they so richly deserve.

Ackwada: Please consult your history books and tourist beacons. Ackwada was retaken by the Imperials after a particularly ugly episode involving Rockforth Legal Academy. To quote the First Encounters journals:

ANARCHY REIGNS - GUN LAW ON ACKWADA

M.C.S

The results of anarchy are well demonstrated by this month’s destruction of the so-called ‘Legal Academy’ on Thompson’s Planet, Ackwada. Even in the Independent Systems, they make an attempt at a legislature and the Academy was designed to cover the illicit dealings of their controllers, the Rockforth Company.

Now the results of decades of corruption have finally borne fruit and those who set the wheels in motion are dead; dust and water vapour. Nothing more. In a System where lawlessness prevails, someone with more money and a grudge paid a squadron of fighter-bombers to attack and destroy the base and everything around it. With a disregard for human life that is the hallmark of the Independents, they fired dozens of missiles at point blank range in broad daylight, removing the Academy and all those in it from existence.

The only benefit to come from this monstrous act of murder and mayhem is that our sister journal, the Frontier News is, thankfully, saved from the threat of closure as the remaining Board Members of the Rockforth Company have dropped all legal cases in the absence of their lawyers and advisors.

We repeat the Empire’s offer to all those who would prefer to live under stable rule to defect whenever the opportunity arises.

You are free to enter any one of our worlds where the local Imperial Guard will ensure that its Hospitality Suite is at your disposal.

Arexack: The Church of Kumbyar has entered the chat. If you would like to debate them by all means. That has only been one of the bloodier conflicts in the Elite Universe.

I'd like to point out further that one of the founders of the Alliance, Meredith Argent, has a family originally from the Federation - her father being a Federal industrial magnate. Ayethi, too, has embraced the warm hold of Empire.

Language, coordinate systems, and history can mislead depending on who was telling the tale. Reality, on the other hand, does not have to give a damn about a particular group's feelings. You want the warm and fuzzies, go with fantasy.

To quote the Alliance on the Empire from the Codex:

"The common belief is the Federation will always pretend to be something it is not. At least with the Empire, you know what you are dealing with."

The Imperials may be snobbish and stubborn but at least they are good at it.