Jorki Rasalas
Aug 9, 2023
#31,180
NOTE- this is a General Comment, not aimed at anyone specific!

Either you believe Raxxla is in-game or you don’t. If you don’t then you must believe Michael Brooks and David Braben are liars and untrustworthy, since they’ve both said on multiple occasions it is in-game. We have also been told:
(MB) “It’s something in the game world (not text) and very hard to find”, “It’s not a random thing”, “Anyone can find it, and more than once”

(Allen Stroud or Drew Wagar) “it is a topic within the Alien lore book”


If you don’t trust the CEO and original Executive Director of a game then why are you playing it and why are you trolling this thread.
Note-this is a rhetorical question! I dont want any responses to this post. If you are such a troll I dont want to hear from you, I would report you to FD for trolling and permanently block you. By definition anyone posting on this thread believes in the existence of Raxxla and is interested in solving the puzzle of what and where it is. Because I dont think it will be anything like the description in Holdstock’s novella. As Han_Zen has pointed out above that would be subject to Intellectual Property Rights issues.

Rant over-I’m in a bad mood...today Ive vacuumed and shampood all the carpets in the house and have just finished cutting the lawn, narrowly avoiding skewering myself since I accidentally mowed a green plastic covered metal plant support lying in the long grass, which is now in multiple (sharp!) pieces...I suspect copawlot or visiting fox of trying to get rid of me!

It has become clear to me over the last month or so, since @Rochester pointed out the existence of the Underworld from classical mythologies and the leads to it from the Codex, how much obfuscation Michael Brookes has put into this puzzle, he clearly put a lot of effort into it. It has brought home to me what a genius he was! He was a master of saying something that meant nothing or everything, which is actually a very difficult thing to do! (Just watch any TV drama involving witness interviews). I suspect IRL he had an impish mischievous sense of humour & I wish I’d had the chance to meet him.

I think I see a reason why those early E/F missions were deleted. I suspect they were his first design of the puzzle and he decided to reinvent the clues to be more polished and make the journey more obvious and more interesting to those with an understanding of mythology. I suspect his unwritten book was also obfuscation.

Right, now for a beer!!
Who ate all the salted cashews???
Reactions:
Exekrator, Chris Cuttner, Darrack and 4 others