Han_Zen
Aug 9, 2023
#31,174
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Shibboleths my dears. Shibboleths will get you every single time.

The Federation had their ass handed to them by pirates in Veliaze, Amiay, and Ququve. As a consequence the renamed a system to save face from an entire battle group burning. That tale is recounted in Zelada. Nevermind the losses continue further out towards Oltiqu (now known as Gateway) where Federal officials sided with the locals handing the rebellious Frontier worlds a victory that would be made worse at Alioth. Quphieth and Alioth are the same system in Frontier but told from an Imperial and then Federal perspective (there is but one Donaldson starport).

There is but one Home planet in all of Elite. Planets didn't change names even when the powers the control the system did change. From the First Encounters journal:



Ackwada: Please consult your history books and tourist beacons. Ackwada was retaken by the Imperials after a particularly ugly episode involving Rockforth Legal Academy. To quote the First Encounters journals:



Arexack: The Church of Kumbyar has entered the chat. If you would like to debate them by all means. That has only been one of the bloodier conflicts in the Elite Universe.

I'd like to point out further that one of the founders of the Alliance, Meredith Argent, has a family originally from the Federation - her father being a Federal industrial magnate. Ayethi, too, has embraced the warm hold of Empire.

Language, coordinate systems, and history can mislead depending on who was telling the tale. Reality, on the other hand, does not have to give a damn about a particular group's feelings. You want the warm and fuzzies, go with fantasy.

To quote the Alliance on the Empire from the Codex:



The Imperials may be snobbish and stubborn but at least they are good at it.
Those news articles are not history. They are just reactions to the player in FFE doing certain missions. If you drop the mission, they never pop up. The Journal extracts are taken from the code of FFE and contain all the possible news articles.
If you do the missions, systems don't change government type. Even if some journalist writes that anarchy reigns.

If you play FFE you see that what the journalists write, is usually quite far from what really happened. The journals are sort of a parody on the British news papers, from the 90's. A little bit informative, but mostly just funny.
Last edited: Aug 9, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae