Rochester
Aug 8, 2023
#31,162
El Saico said:
Just took the time to map every underworld, otherworld, lost world or related entities that Wikipedia could point me towards.

Apart from a handful of them (Hel, Yama, Naraka, probably some others I forgot) they seem to form a half-sphere centered on Achenar. This brings me to two hypotheses:
this is just Imperial theme naming and we're chasing a false track
they point in the general direction of Raxxla... hopefully
Outstanding, wonderful to see others mapping these to corroborate my own.

O7

I believe certain systems in this area although relatively linked by an association with the theme of an underworld are in fact separate and represent certain themes which together paints a 3D story.

All of the systems with a Norse mythology link are in my opinion all part of the great ash tree Yggdrasil, and it is my assessment they collectively align along an axis with the heavens and hells.

There is a pantheon of greek gods (but suspiciously not all of them). Some these are relatively close to certain Norse systems, with a relative metaphorical shared theme (hell / harvest etc) but not all. But generally I believe they are in a specific tight alignment around the axis of Yggdrasil and represent the heavens.

In close proximity to similar Norse systems the Greek triad goddesses represent the cross roads, leading downwards to the axis based on the story of Persephone (which is very close to Axis Mundi).

From this area the underworld section directly below is made up of the main identifiers for the traditional Greek underworld.

Interspersed in this sector are other systems aligned with concepts attributed to - the cities of gold, sunken lands and mythical lands, which are as described in the Codex.

This is a direct replication of the Robert Holdstock book Lost Realms, which also describes the Greek underground and Yggdrasil all sharing a common link (this is a work of fiction) and it establishes Eden as another lost realm.

Around this sector I believe there are a variety of non pantheon gods, dispersed in a yet unknown pattern, and in the absence of any real logical link, except being random, are in my opinion potential Miltonian abstractions representing fallen archangels ergo demons, and I suspect but cannot confirm, only in tin foil, that they encircle the area or define it.

The reference by FD in their memorial is the first conformational link in my opinion, that Raxxla is the burning jewel of the codex, and the pendant jewel hanging from a golden chain ergo a Miltonian Eden.

Now in Milton’s Paradise Lost Eden hung from heaven, below it was hell. But the emphasis on a sector of lost realms indicates to me a reference to Holdstock, who himself attributes Eden as another lost realm!

Now Milton was very clear about this model universes dimensions giving the distance between heaven and Hellas ‘As far removed from god and light of heaven as far from the centre three times to the utmost pole’ JM.

So logically if you know what represents Hell and Heaven, and the axis in game you can calculate where Eden ought to be.

But only if Brookes followed the Miltonian model. The potential amalgamation of Holdstocks Lost Realms puts potential shade on such a theory because it shifts Eden into what is in game the underworld!

This is a work in progress but I believe this abstract 3D structure is Michael Brookes physical template for his ‘the space in between’ unwritten book, and in my opinion it’s an archeological remnant of his Raxxla narrative.

I believe Raxxla is, or something leading to it is within this ‘Lost Realms’ area. And is a Miltonian abstraction of the Paradise Lost’s Eden.
Last edited: Aug 9, 2023
Reactions:
Han_Zen, Jorki Rasalas, simulacrae and 2 others