CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Mar 13, 2022
#25,676
John [Panzertard] Stoutbeard said:
The missing letters was analyzed in this post: https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threa...etis-investigation.350810/page-4#post-9006404
Aka.


From what I can see, it is possible to get the anagram:
GALILEOST, as in either 'ST' for station, Galileo for name.



Abbreviations for 'TX' (transmission), 'B' for beacon and similar things have been used before in previous mysteries. For example, see notes at the end of the

What does this mean then?
I don't know.
EDIT:
3. Also noticed in that " (abbreviated ), occasionally designated 55 Cancri Ab (to distinguish it from the ), also named
However, this is not present in EDO with those names. can be found, which is
Click to expand...
Galileo station in Sol is kind of unique in that it is a palm tree station and an Ocellus (meaning it was made by Gutamaya). Research on this is still very, very preliminary but I think we aren't meant to pay just attention to the physical details but symbols and meanings, too.

Palm branch symbolism:
Palm branch - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

Who was Ocellus? Ocellus Lucanus:
Ocellus Lucanus - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

Ocellus Lucanus is attributed as writing "On the Nature of the Universe" - see attached. Short version: nothing is as it seems and we need to pay careful attention to small details (possibly including symbols) to get the whole picture. The Druze were practitioners of Western Esotericism (which is a means of hiding things in plain view). I believe The Dark Wheel uses the same method of hidden knowledge. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_esotericism .

I got started looking at symbols as a result of tracing down Mic Turner's birth system to Jones Colony, Yamatri (it is Sanskrit for "a daughter's husband" and there are a total of four Jones Colony in the game - https://www.wisdomlib.org/definition/yamatri). Look up Essafa, Syria and the group associated with it - the Druze in Wikipedia. It's hard to explain and understand without reading all about the Druze. They also are why palm tree stations are important. For the record, I will explain Yamatri in awhile, but understand you need to read the Druze wikipedia entry to for it to make sense.
Attachments
1831_Ocellus-Lucanus-on-the-Nature-of-the-Universe.pdf
2.3 MB · Views: 88
Last edited: Mar 13, 2022
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, Rochester and Adel