Italianoblack
I
Mar 13, 2022
#25,675
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
I think there is also a lot where they are partially developing the groundwork for a story arc for with the intention to expand on it as events unfold that will get people deeper into the galaxy (especially with the Deep Space Support Array (https://fleetcarrier.space/search/dssa) of regional fleet carries) and fleet carriers spreading across the galaxy.

In case you were wondering, there are lots of billionaire CMDRs.


I sincerely hope you're right. But whatever the "truth" is, I think FDev need to hit the community with a few of these open ends, to galvanize the player base, especially following the Console announcement. We could all do with a morale boost. Let's finish the Formidine Rift story, for example, let us find out what wiped the colony out, let us find what they encountered... And for f&4k's sake, let us finally know what the whizzing and spinning galaxy is above the Thargoid machine

What you have said about DSSA has made me think though. I can't remember where I read it, but somewhere, someone wrote on a forum that 10 years ago the story arc was for the Thargoids to take the bubble and push everyone into the black... which would now be possible without "ing us completely off" with Colonia as established as it is, some of the deep space stations/outposts, and the DSSA network established. As a player base we could coordinate a retaking of the bubble.

For me, fleet carriers kind of ruined the game, making it "easy" to get what you need while exploring, and starting a whole weird dynamic on mining as any decent systems is flooded by carriers etc. But what I would love to see, is an extension to the carriers, is that we can purchase our own ground buildings and establish our own bases on landable planets, after all surely that would just be "unmoveable carriers on a planet surface". That would be a way to get us to colonise the galaxy.

I also think that making the game more "multi player" would work. Some guys love "the grinds" for materials, data etc. Others love mining... why not let us trade? Let us trade Mats/Data etc with each other.... let us trade our configured ships, engineered modules, fleet carriers, (and surface bases ) with each other. For me that would be amazing - and better than the FPS Odyssey , but this is just my own opinion on Odyssey. I like a lot about it, but the FPS aspect and the further grinds around surface bacterial exploration is meh!
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian