Jorki Rasalas
Sep 9, 2018
#3,427
DrewCarnegie said:
Alternatively, we have a LOT of clues - we just don't recognize them as being associated with Raxxla.

Here's a list of unexplained weirdnesses:

Halsey's disappearance and reappearance babbling about 'angels'
Jaques and the 'singing'
The weird hyperspace lights and suicides in the Exodus logs
The original (there's something scary in the) Rift rumors
Superfast Diamondbacks

These could ALL be phenomena associated with Raxxla, but since they don't explicitly mention it, we discount them as being unrelated.

I'm probably giving FDev way too much credit, but it's nice to speculate.

I’ve tended to discount superfast DB as pre-engineers release hype.
The FRift weird lights, suicides and something scary I think was related to an original storyline where the goids were sited in Bovomit, but I think for some reason (unknown) FD changed the storyline & moved them to Col70 region, forgetting that the Cone Sector etc had already had some explorer visits prior to locking them. Might be related to DW’s Dynasty theory being too close to home? I suspect this storyline change resulted in Jaques’ misjump ending up in Colonia...for some reason

Halsey’s “angels” is suspicious and may be related to Raxxla, Thargoids, Guardians, blue fireflies or something yet to be found. As usual there seems to be no opportunity (i.e. insufficient narrative!) to explore this to gain further evidence for theorising.

Jaques’ “singing and then they find you” may be related to :
UA/goids (IMHO likely & makes that particular AI something to be monitored closely!),
Raxxla,
or maybe he was found by a Welsh Presbyterian Generation Ship who gave him first aid before being repelled by the alcohol and carried on with their journey.
iechyd da!

edit: @Microsoft - WHY is forcibly insering your windows 10 updates into my nicely working PC taking over 30 minutes??? I want to set off for Colonia!
Edit2: eventually, & this is the April 2018 update!!! :O

Edit3: one hour later- windows10 is updated but my dual tm16000 joysticks no longer work. Windows says there is a driver problem and since they are usb2 devices may not work in usb3 sockets, despite having worked quite satisfactorily for several months in those very same sockets. I HATE Microsoft!!!!!

edit4: well after 3 hours I recovered the joysticks; had to delete the usb controllers then restart to allow windows to rebuild the devices. But that puts paid to today’s gaming plans. Time for consolatory cheese, biscuits, brandy & Indiana Jones! I really hate Microsoft!
Last edited: Sep 9, 2018