Edelgard von Rhein
E
Mar 8, 2019
#6,436
Crassus said:
If you search for Beor, you will be led to CD-64 139, so it might be ingame, too.
Thirty of the systems build kind of a cluster - two are more off the path: Ra and Beor. Ra is kind of interesting: it has an Unauthorized Installation called "Steelhook Hold", orbiting the 8. moon of a brown dwarf - which is kind of a slightly bigger gas giant ;-). You normally will be immediately attacked by pirates, if you enter the site.
Beor returns that system because there is a planet in that system called Beorg (the Galmap search returns some planet names as well as system names and stations - searching for the system Ara was a nightmare!). It's unusual to have a named Ammonia World but the station orbiting it has a slightly different configuration of name, which makes me wonder if this was named by a backer. I don't think it's a re-named Beor.
.
This evening I manged to visit all the Galaxy 1 systems in the game, going one by one through the list and checking if they were in the Galaxy Map, except for some of the key systems which I fully expect to have been visited in 3.3 and scanned already (e.g. Lave, Reorte, Tionisla, Teorge). It's getting late so I'll edit this post tomorrow and fill in the details. Here are the highlights:
Two systems from the original Galaxy 1 are positioned well away from the Lave cluster: Ra and Erlaza. Erlaza is about 100 LY from Lave and in the direction of Ra, roughly half way between them.
One system is notably much closer to Lave than it was in the original Elite: Tianve (was almost 90 LY, now 24 LY).
The three busiest systems in terms of Megaships and Installations were: Ra, Ededleen and Zarece. In each case they had 4 Installations and 2 Megaships.
Preliminary checks for Galaxy 2 and 3 systems that I have made so far include only Atrius (~144 LY from Lave) and Rain (just over 100LY from Atrius). Interestingly, considering Lave, Atrius and Ran it almost looks like they are forming an arc around the edge of the Bubble (almost, the centre seems closer to Regulus than Sol).
EDIT: Full details (note that I have not checked the megaships or installations for logs, except where mentioned)
SPOILER



























































































Last edited: Mar 10, 2019
Reactions:
3navis, yelboc and Macros Black