Allen Stroud
Oct 10, 2022
#27,427
Jorki Rasalas said:
Ah, I stand corrected, thanks Allen!
But that’s also interesting. I had assumed the authors were independently working off the FD lore bible, but this means they were, though perhaps to a limited extent, cross-pollinating ideas?

Yes, it’s strange that the “Raxxla storyline” that MB mentioned, after failing to appear in his book, has also apparently failed to appear in-game. Unless I’ve missed something? I wouldnt say the Codex entry counts as a storyline; I consider it as an initial clue, but a storyline would require further clues, and they seem to be notable by their absence.

No worries.
The authors had a separate forum to discuss ideas and post questions. There were extensive email conversations as well. All final texts had to be submitted for approval and I'm pretty sure every text got rejected at least once. Feedback from rejections got worked into the way we approached different aspects of the technology and other 'Elite' interpretations of things.

There are many 'cross-pollinating ideas' as most of us had gained our licenses with Kickstarters, so some of the backers were the same people and wanted connected elements in each book. How individuals authors dealt with that is interesting. You can find the occasional odd cameo in the different stories. Some are a bit jarring.

Most of the publications were initially released under one (of two) publishers, so there was a level of co-ordination there as well. I was involved in one of those discussions until I dropped the publisher after a disagreement and went elsewhere.

What I would suggest in relation to this discussion is that Raxxla's location is not connected to any fiction. Looking back, I would say there was a clear strategy to avoid writers developing 'Skywalker stories'. The aesthetic of the Elite narrative is that we are all individuals in a vast galaxy and the hero could be anyone at any moment. 'Chosen One' narratives on a galactic scale can become pretty unbelieveable and I think Frontier wanted to avoid a storyline that would put their brand at the beck and call of any one specific writer. Makes sense really. They are a business, people's jobs should not hang on the pen or keyboard of one little licensee.

I never really wanted to tell a 'Skywalker story' anyway, Lave Revolution is very much about the Lave narrative and if I'd had (or ever get) the opportunity to write more, it'll continue in that vein.
Reactions:
Wotthe Dickens, Comandante, Ataxia and 2 others