Darrack
Oct 11, 2022
#27,435
Rochester said:
Everything we know about Raxxla and the Dark Wheel would indicate both are ‘in game’; and therefore discoverable, however we must keep in mind a healthy perspective of doubt, because much of this information is historical and potentially out of context, because we have collectively harvested it from various ancillary sources over time, and FD remains relatively tight lipped, certainly in regarding affirmation of its ‘temporal’ existence!

Such information must be weighed against other information, because such doubt lowers the reliability score of said information.

As I’ve attempted to assess previously; If we accept FD statements as true and accurate, in the sense they are accurate to this date, then Raxxla has at least a 50% level of probability to be in game and accessible - but that does not rule out it is not, as in, it equally could be locked behind some permit or narrative.

Because this same logic has identified that the Dark Wheel missions (note not the assumed station) are certainly not in game.

One can assume the Codex does identify this itself, yet it’s message is inherently garbled and potentially read as , which only introduces a higher level of doubt towards FD modus operandi.

I continue upon a line of enquiry that Raxxla and the DW station ‘are’ in game and ‘accessible’ because FD has by its own inclusion used the Codex to them as such, and has not used concrete language to players to the contrary. However, I remain aware of the significant probability that they may not currently be accessible, but that’s just me, I work with probabilities in RL so happy to view information in different states.

Raxxla is a little like Schrödinger's cat, its both accessible or not, we won’t know until we observe.

ED certainly suffers from a problem of utilising ancillary sources to describe how it works, this in part IMPO is due likely an evolutionary approach to a problem that FD did not originally foresee and have adapted to over time.

I presume at the beginning Raxxla, was linked to the DW missions, at least some part of it was.

The use of ancillary references at that time not knowingly present in game, such as references to the ‘silent song of the spheres’ etc indicates the possibility they led somewhere else, that was either physical (as an in-game location, does this identify the Tau Ceti 2296 sphere of influence/ Yggdrasil?) and therefore utilising a language befitting such a reference) or it was simply poetic license and indicated a larger journey to be unfolded; this again was proven to be true (to some extent) as FD confirmed there was an archived ‘story’ linked to the DW and the ‘trinkets’, which they may/may not turn back on…

We shall never potentially know, much of this may simply identify a divergent development time line, and Raxxla etc nay now lay elsewhere…?

Our strongest evidence is the Codex I believe. External references are only useful if they help interpret information presented in game…

But we search, and whatever we find, that might be our Raxxla.

Click to expand...
These are wise words
Im not a Raxxla hunter but i love reading these threads and its remarkable that a game has something that can inspire such deep discussion.
When i started my exploration life i like everyone else had a list of first discovery's to complete, first BH first ELW first ringed ELW etc, half of me hopes i never complete the list.

Im sat out here in an extinction level event crater drinking coffee whilst catching up on this post and thought about a real life Raxxla, there was an artist i had never worked with and thought i never would, our paths crossed at various places and it was like my holy grail, one day i got a phone call, i was like a middle aged kid and grinned through the whole year but after that i felt deflated.

Point being finding Raxxla may be the worst thing that can happen, its not the Kill................

Seriously keep up the great work, i love a good mystery!

O7
Reactions:
Rochester