Jorki Rasalas
Oct 11, 2022
#27,433
Cunder said:
So do we start looking for info in game then looking for it outside?
On the forum (old, somewhere, probably lost a couple of years ago due to forum clearout) in response to question
“Legacy was billed in the Kickstarter campaign as a sequel to The Dark Wheel, however, I was expecting more of a direct follow up ...There was a throwaway reference to Raxxla near the beginning the story but...”

Michael Brookes (who wrote Legacy) responded “It was more of a spiritual successor than a direct sequel. We did look at a story involving Raxxla, but felt that was a story that should be played out in game rather than as a novel.”

Therefore, since we believe Raxxla is in-game and findable (otherwise you wouldn’t be participating in this thread), there logically should be a storyline in-game related to it. However I’ve not seen for a while any reference to anybody finding anything like that. But be on the lookout!

Though I suspect FD’s definition of “storyline” in this context differs significantly from mine! I think the codex entry is the initial start point for the search. But with a storyline there should be further clues and developments as you progress in that search, as the story unfolds. It seems highly likely that the old Elite/Founder missions in Shinrarta were part of that storyline, possibly the next step (though I my personal belief is that they were red herrings and the real story was elsewhere), but we finally got FD to acknowledge those were removed from the game. We’ve never had any information to suggest they were replaced with something else. So I think we’re on a treasure hunt with only a set of initial clues, no additional information or storyline, we don’t know what that treasure is (though likely to be little more than a chocolate easter egg) and I believe the Thargoids are about to invade en masse which will probably make quest travel a trifle hazardous...so find it soon!
Last edited: Oct 11, 2022
Reactions:
Rochester