Louis Calvert
Nov 13, 2017
#1,029
DrewCarnegie said:
The problem with trying to extrapolate distances from previous versions of Elite is that they weren't set in the Milky Way galaxy. This meant that distances were essentially arbitrary since they didn't have to correspond to any 'real world' scale. Any calculation that tries to square this circle is going to put Raxxla well inside the Bubble, with the result that you're limited to looking for a system that doesn't contain a body called 'Raxxla' - as somebody would already have found it. Theorycrafted reasons for it not being called Raxxla fail on two counts - firstly, it would be lame and secondly there is no mechanism by which the 'real' identity can be uncovered.

Simplest solution is that Raxxla is several thousand LY out and nobody has stumbled across it yet.

I don't think it matters trying to map one to the other, since we didn't know where Raxxla was then (it wasn't), it doesn't help locating it now.

However building a picture of what Fdev thinks the past looked like is useful - as in, we know certain parts of Elite 1 have been translated into ED (GalCop, Quirium, Thargoids, Jameson, ship types, Lave & the Old Wordls, etc. etc.). So, we can say that in ED, the general setting of Elite 1 most likely took place in the Old Worlds area, GalCop space essentially.

Fdev are good at things like this, they will have sat down and worked out what makes most sense for Raxxla to be and where it is, why no-one found it (or why the people that did, did,) and what's going on right now on/in/around it. If you really want to find it, then trying to replicate that thought process is probably going to help at least narrow it down I'd imagine.

They got an astro-biologist to consult on Thargoids, they got an astrophysicist to help build the Galaxy... Fdev cares. Wherever Raxxla is, it'll be really cool

I don't personally think it's reachable right now. Just because, as I've said before, I don't think they could do it justice right now and so they're leaving it for end-game content. But, if it is in-game, then currently the hardest-to-get-to and most interesting place that's accessible to any player is Founder's World.

Jorki Rasalas said:
He’s a penguin, he wants a herring 5 parsecs long!

LMAO!