[Diplomacy] Carnegie
Nov 13, 2017
#1,025
Moribus said:
I guess it's perspective differences regarding ranges and things. I don't imagine there was many people travelling from Achenar to Sol back then, going a few jumps of 7ly each was pretty far even by 3125. The histories of each superpower don't mention GalCop and barely mention each other (except when they fall out). I can totally imagine that there would be traffic that did go that far, trade lanes and the like, diplomatic missions, spies, etc, but the era of single-ship jump drives really started around 3100 - and even then it took a while to cross space.

I don't know if you ever played FE2, but even then it was pretty hard to go that far outside known space, your ship started to break down and things... Imagine that, but several hundred years before, with shorter jump ranges and each jump might scatter you through time

While explorers and pathfinders would have been out there, we know hyperspace was risky and commercial traffic used the Faraway network until just before 3100, which was basically roads in hyperspace.

Given that, if you then imagine that you've got the Federation centred on Sol, GalCop centred on Lave and the Empire centred on Achenar, each of those would have a bubble around them of Faraway jump routes, and some links between them. Then you'd have some, but not many, single-ships travelling on their own exploring and things. I think there's plenty of room to have a bubble around Sol of say 50ly, and a bubble around Lave of 50ly, that's still hundreds of worlds in each bubble and you'd still have "the Outer Rim" and even "uncharted" (technically) space bubbles that travelled, but would have been considered the frontier and probably only saw light traffic.

So while I agree that if you look at the map, in an era where anyone can go anywhere at will, places within the bubble are close and easy to get to. But I think back then, lore paints a picture of a much more dangerous place, where hyperspace jump was pretty dangerous. The Faraway network was like driving on roads and that was pretty safe, but the majority of people probably wouldn't ever leave those - so it would be easy to have Raxxla in the "frontier" between the more settled areas - On the outer rim, as it were.

As each bubble expanded, the Elite could easily have decided they needed to protect Raxxla more directly and moved in, making it just part of the Bubble, rebranding it as a retirement planet for the Elite and laughing as people searched further and further out into the galaxy for a planet that was relatively close.

The problem with trying to extrapolate distances from previous versions of Elite is that they weren't set in the Milky Way galaxy. This meant that distances were essentially arbitrary since they didn't have to correspond to any 'real world' scale. Any calculation that tries to square this circle is going to put Raxxla well inside the Bubble, with the result that you're limited to looking for a system that doesn't contain a body called 'Raxxla' - as somebody would already have found it. Theorycrafted reasons for it not being called Raxxla fail on two counts - firstly, it would be lame and secondly there is no mechanism by which the 'real' identity can be uncovered.

Simplest solution is that Raxxla is several thousand LY out and nobody has stumbled across it yet.