Jorki Rasalas
Sep 28, 2019
#12,537
Vetinari said:
Yes its Adam Bourke-Waite, obvious now I know it...but seriously, turn them microphones up, I can turn the Volume down if its too loud at my end!

However see my earlier post, don't go looking specifically for it as may have been a dream or misheard by me. By all means watch the vids for their pure information and if you come across it, fantastic, but dont get wrapped up in it until theres a second source at least.

Too late! In my enforced game-free time (actually I did do the planetary scan mission yesterday, largely one-handed- difficult, painful & not again! The radio message about it lasts 30 days but the mission itself only had 4 days before expiry) I have watched all 52 FD progress/fiction diary vids etc. Last night while eating a take-away (can’t drive to the shops) I watched Beyond chapter 4 and chapter one release livestreams and chapter one content vid. In the latter Adam B-W talks about Wing missions which were introduced then. I think (& seem to vaguely remember) he talked about missions in a much earlier livestream, maybe 2.2? I will continue my search!
Nothing significant found so far relevant to the Quest, but some points to note from the FD YT videos:
#17 Development Plan, DB Around 7 minutes some mention of locked/reserved areas.
#23 Fiction Diary 3 MB mentions 250ly bubble with 50 to 100ly border & again reserved areas.
#24 Progress Diary 4 DB around 6 mins 17 secs mentions missions/givers/“trustworthiness”, though I interpret this as Allied status.
#42 The Orbis Starport. This one is interesting. It seems to me to show (at 1:51 & 2:15) a station homing light arrangement that resembles the Raxxla Codex picture. This reinforces my hypothesis that TDW station will be named “RAXXLA”. I am musing whether this whole video is just a marketing item showing off generic Orbis stations and the game video achievements to that point, or a genuine clue to TDW station all along (just a little bit obvious)..
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, simulacrae, Vetinari and 2 others