Ozric
Volunteer Moderator
Friday at 3:59 PM
#35,647
Macros Black said:
Alllied with all factions yesterday, haven't seen any data theft missions yet (was it in your in box?)

Also tried to get just outside the Asire Dock instance, but no comet instance shown on the HUD.

Maybe @Ozric has some tips?
I can only really offer the same advice as I gave Nezzie.

You need to fly around until the sphere of influence changes from the closest station to say 'Pareco Comet 2'. I would suggest making sure you have one of the stations targeted as that will slow your Supercruise acceleration a bit.

Unfortunately the Comet's sphere of influence is only 50Km wide, which means you can pass it in the blink of an eye, which then makes dropping out within it even harder.

It might be worth recording your play and fly around a bit to see if you can then review the footage slower. If you manage to notice the SoI change then you can see how far away you are from a station, and that might help you notice it in real time and plan when to drop out.

I did ask Alot if he could remember any more and he said:
"I think I basically just pootled around at minimum SC speed right at the edge of the Asire Dock sphere of influence, then when I saw comet just went beyond the 1Mm range and dropped quick as I could"

As he remarks in the thread he only really saw what it was by recording and watching it back.

To answer @Zimous I haven't landed on it since Odyssey, it was enough of a pain in the backside trying to get it the first time There may be some out there, but I doubt they're on the forum and even less likely to be reading this thread.

As has been noted a few times though the chances of the comet being linked to Raxxla is virtually non existent in my opinion. There is no visual representation of it, and there wouldn't be one hidden away waiting for you to meet certain criteria for it to suddenly appear.
It's still a really cool thing to do if you can nail it, especially with others because you can fly outside of the sphere of influence in normal space, suddenly be kicked into a new instance, and watch the others zoom off into the distance as they travel with the Comet's instance
Reactions:
Ataxia, Han_Zen, Emperor and 3 others