CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Mar 31, 2023
#29,692
Rochester said:
I hope Cmdrs aren’t clones, oh how original (Eve), I hope Cmdrs (and galaxy) aren’t part of some Matrix VR reality, again how original (NMS)… be better ED!

Personally I feel it lessens the whole endeavour, why explore if we’re clones, just send a telepresence probe; why fight or kill or defend or explore, it’s not actually real (in the not real real sense).

I think there is enough in the lore to hint that this is not applicable, but…it’s the easy way out.

Ultimately I don’t think these apply in the bigger picture, I suspect it’s just background flavouring.
If I could reassure you I would, clones are a little too easy to provide multiple escape routes. The weird thing if you go by the old saying "the eyes are the window to the soul", the Holo-Me is rather revealing but doesn't bring clarity to the situation. You have your normal sorts of human eyes, two enhanced variants, and two cyborg eyes. The Feds despite the fact they ABSOLUTELY SHOULD KNOW BETTER, appear to have gone robotics and human, the shattered remains of GalCop (Independent and Alliance) pivoted hard in direction of cloning and normal humans, and Imperials, of course, canonically needed clones to support their society. Clarity is not something I can offer but there are A LOT of genetic research facilities all over human space (settlements, installations, etc).

Despite the ban on AIs which was mentioned in Project Bulwark GalNet, the degree to which each follows it to the letter varies. Alliance appears to follow it better than the other two superpowers in both spirit and letter of the ban. Based on the totality of the lore, The Dark Wheel's influences are tilted very heavily in the direction of the Marlinists and the people who forge Old Worlds Coalition and later GalCop, breakaway Federation systems that either form Independent Worlds or the Alliance of Independent Worlds, pirates (see CMDR Khanguire and her son Ji from "Wanted"), Judas Syndicate, The Consortium, and bounty hunters (technically similar to pirates but the lawful side of that coin-flip).

Given all that backstory, I'd still vote the the Federation or a breakaway Federation colony found Raxxla first (especially with the hints on the codex about a pirate cache). That said, Marlin Duval walked off with a hell of a lot Federal Black-ops INTEL on her way out of Sol. Don't know who developed supercruise first but it was explicitly mentioned on the Venusian generation ship (probably pre-2275 but may have to listen to that again) and First Encounters journals strongly hint the Imperials developed supercruise to counter generation ships.

"Hell is a democracy, but Heaven is a Kingdom." -unknown origin (and oddly applicable to Elite Dangerous in that the Club wanted to forge a united Bubble under the Imperials)
Last edited: Mar 31, 2023