Rochester
Oct 18, 2023
#31,788
Satans Journey: Direction in Paradise Lost by H. F. Robins p1961 an analysis of ‘Millon's Ontology, Cosmogony, and Physics (Lex- ington, 1957), Professor Walter Clyde Curry’.

Satan's Journey: Direction in "Paradise Lost" on JSTOR
H. F. Robins, Satan's Journey: Direction in "Paradise Lost", The Journal of English and Germanic Philology, Vol. 60, No. 4, Milton Studies in Honor of Harris Francis Fletcher (Oct., 1961), pp. 699-711
www.jstor.org

Found this an interesting read, because it reminds me that Milton does in fact give the positions of various locations relative to each other.

The context here is that if FD had utilised Miltonian aspects, they ought to know that the Gates of Heaven and the Pendant World, would have been located specifically. But this text reminds me, that said text is very abstract, as such said locations are very open to interpretation.

In game there are various / sometimes contradictory, systems which depict compasses. It’s my assumption that at least one of these is an accurate reference, and it gives us a shifted axis, a west, east, north and south that’s alternative to that of galactic orientation.

If that’s true, where do certain locations fall in relation to these compass points, what does this say, what does it confirm. Is there the possibility such references if true were entered correctly!

How likely is it that some elements might be in game, but placed incorrectly! How likely said references were placed without a clear academic understanding of the context or equally how plausible would it be, such correspondence is totally irrelevant?

This is the problem, there’s enough information in game which historically has detail pinpointing them, or ascribing a direction, sometimes due to their shared origins, these are the same or similar.

I feel we are dealing with contextual information but it’s shared context is missing, I used to think this was intentional, but now I feel this is due to a lack of insight; or bias, or the author disregarded them and has applied their own logic, which only makes it harder when we stumble upon them.

In my tin-foil about the triad goddesses, we have the example of Sopdu being very close to a system Michel. Sopdu was the guardian of the East?

St. Michael was like other archangels in charge of a cardinal point, which for him was South….

However, if you look at the Greek wind compass in context with the position of Michel, the same relative alignment is towards the South East…then in Paradise Lost Milton has Michael escort Adam and Eve from the Eastern Gates of Eden!
Last edited: Oct 28, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian