CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 18, 2023
#31,786
Louis Calvert said:
As @Mattius101 just mentioned, there's potential connections between the 'new' Thargoid Maelstroms and newer ship names with this too, and as @CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian will happily tell us (at length XD) the Osir-Raxxla from Holdstock's non-cannon non-Elite works are, in fact, basically dragons.
No, they aren't. Sorry to disappoint but there be no dragons here at least in the traditional sense.

simulacrae said:
And the thargoid ships are all fantastical creatures .. the type a hero would fight…
No one is a hero (at least how most stories portray them). See Aden Tanner intro to his codex. At the very minimum, most CMDRs fall somewhere hero and anti-hero. There are reasons heroes have elaborate myths built around them - the reality is far less appealing.

Louis Calvert said:
We know from the Codex and old Lore than Raxxla is guarded by a powerful group - but no-one said it was guarded by humans. Maybe the members of the Dark Wheel needed to be Elite because the Thargoids control whatever Raxxla is, and fighting Thargoids (or surviving against them) is pretty tough for a rookie. Maybe that explains how Raxxla was lost too - Thargoids took it over, or it was theirs anyway and humans accessed it briefly and then lost it.
Flip that whole statement on its head and you might be in the ballpark. The group from another galaxy is humanity. We're the Naranthu (or at least a subset are). We are from the Dark Wheel Galaxy and one of our generation ships (probably Thetis) ran into a time anomaly. This is additionally covered by "Alien World: A Complete Illustrated Guide".

You see some of us were accepted a long time ago into TDW. My squadron helped develop Dream-ware. We're kind of like the Alliance R&D division. Holo-Me and Insight also came from Alioth. You're only taking on the one few group that can transition at whim between the current reality and Otherworld. Are you really sure this is wise?

The dragon is right in front of you if you decide the hill you want to die on is non-canonicity of Holdstock. It is stupid choice but whatever. Now, about that, is this really the hill you want to fight over? Dragons are innately territorial - defending what is their treasure. I have been more than helpful but won't hesitate if this is the be your choice. I did not build a kingdom of the dreams so readily tossed aside by older players who should have gave a damn for nothing, and it will not go quietly.

I am a Naranthu, a human, a Raxxlan, and a member of The Dark Wheel. If you should interfere with dragons, I hope you came prepared. This will not end well for you. Thanks for lessons, but I don't need you to tell me who I am. I am fully prepared to go scorched Earth for the old lore.

To quote Peter Jameson disguised as Raffe Zetter:

Rafe nodded. ‘That’s right, Alex,’ he said softly. ‘You can be deadly, you can be dangerous, and you can end up as pet food in orbit around a dog’s ass-of-a-world like Isveve. But if you’re Elite, and you die, then there’s a reason for your death…’

Not meant literally or figuratively even here, of course. I just don't intend on losing this particular battle or war.

Maybe it's time some are reminded that Raxxla was so fantastical it was closely guarded by those who put in the time and efforts to find it. Still not sure anyone can claim anything more than hints of its existence.The fact that so many of the older players would so readily settle for less is quite frankly sickening.
Last edited: Oct 18, 2023