CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 18, 2023
#31,782
simulacrae said:
Storm / wheel of fate god?…ya he is an intriguing character… The fact that they are all storm gods has made me wonder - has the story been reversed? Are we the snakes / jotun/ asuras ? But im still plodding along under the premise that the thargoids are the snakes protecting something (lets call it the chalice) associated with the tree….
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
We're the only ones with snake ships: Asp, Diamondback, Sidewinder, Adder, Viper, Fer-de-lance, Cobra, Keelback, Krait, Mamba, Python, and Anaconda.

I think we must be the Asuras. There is even a human system Adityan. Additionally, in 3008 (a century or more before first game) everything is centralized under the Empire in deal signed between Emperor Hengist Duval and President Tyrell Biggs (see Hengist Duval codex and TB "Tyrell Biggs Election" in Sol). This is further reinforced with the Olympic Pantheon symbolism in Sol yet they have seemingly been secretly serving the Empire but maintaining an fake appearance of separation. TDW appears to be a rebel organization loosely organized behind the Revised Catholic Mission in Aymiay, Beta Hydri, Sol (Mars). They have further bases throughout human space (the stations or Nostrum stations mentioned in the Brewer Corporation codex).

From Wikipedia entry:
Ananda Coomaraswamy suggested that Devas and Asuras can be best understood as being similar in concept to the Twelve Olympians and the Titans of Greek mythology; both are powerful but have different orientations and inclinations, the Devas representing the powers of Light and the Asuras representing the powers of Darkness in Hindu mythology.[22][2]:  20  According to Coomaraswamy, "the Titan [Asura] is potentially an Angel [Deva], the Angel still by nature a Titan" in Hinduism.[23][24]

---
Loosely this would parallel God vs Devil except with the caveat that Lucifer doesn't rebel but serves more as an enforcer for the rules set by God. See relationship between Zeus and his brother Hades who is the enforcer for Zeus.*

* - This is loosely the logic behind my INARA and forum profile being CMDR Corr "Morningstar" Felian . Hecate (my forum icon is Hecate's Strophalos) similarly rebels against the Titans opting instead to enforce the Olympians claim of supremacy and sides with Zeus while working with Hades to trap the remaining Titans in Tartarus. The Olypian Pantheon owes it's supremacy to Hecate and Nyx who side with Zeus. Both are highly honored by the Olympic Pantheon.



Asura - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

List is not believed to complete at present..
White/Palm Tree Stations and Frontiers gazettes
docs.google.com
Last edited: Oct 18, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae