Louis Calvert
Oct 18, 2023
#31,784
I can't help but wonder if the Thargoids are "the dragons" of this story. Despite early indications (possibly abandoned storyline) of potentially two Thargoid 'sides' to the story, it seems like they're firmly set as the antagonists now, something to be defeated and fought; like dragons in mythology.

We've talked about Brookes adding in the line about the children's story "Princess and the star dragon" to Elite: Legacy, the links with Greek Myth relating to the "princess and the dragon" - the fact that it's (AFAIK) the only reference in Elite lore to any children's story, and it happens to specifically mention a princess, and maybe the children's story mentioned in the Raxxla Codex is the same story (e.g. a version of Andromeda and Cetus).

We also all know that a common interpretation of some of the Raxxla Codex leads us to Delphi in the Pleiades - hotbed of all Thargoid activity up until the invasion. And the Oracle station sits above the first world with a Thargoid surface site, which displays a map of "spiralling stars" when activated. And that Thargoid offspring are literally called "Princesses" in the Thargoid Codex.

In my old post I go over the links between the Thargoids and the Raxxla Codex, and I still feel like Raxxla being linked to the Thargoids is a strong possibility purely based on how the Codex interpretations line up with Thargoid things relatively well.

SPOILER: THIS EXTRACT FROM MY OLD POST EXPLAINS THIS CONNECTION











My old post here goes over the very, very obvious links between parts of the Raxxla Codex and the Formidine Rift logs, again very much leaning towards a Raxxla-Thargoid connection - given that the Formidine Rift was possibly being set up to be a Thargoid-related area early on, from what we've been told.

As @Mattius101 just mentioned, there's potential connections between the 'new' Thargoid Maelstroms and newer ship names with this too, and as @CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian will happily tell us (at length XD) the Osir-Raxxla from Holdstock's non-cannon non-Elite works are, in fact, basically dragons.

Actually, @Rochester has been considering an interesting interpretation of an "otherworld", and there's actually in line with Thargoid lore too - Thargoids are thought in some myths to be from another universe or another galaxy entirely.

We know from the Codex and old Lore than Raxxla is guarded by a powerful group - but no-one said it was guarded by humans. Maybe the members of the Dark Wheel needed to be Elite because the Thargoids control whatever Raxxla is, and fighting Thargoids (or surviving against them) is pretty tough for a rookie. Maybe that explains how Raxxla was lost too - Thargoids took it over, or it was theirs anyway and humans accessed it briefly and then lost it.
Reactions:
Han_Zen, Rochester and simulacrae