CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 19, 2023
#31,793
Mattius101 said:
Try to look at it from the human point of view. The real people, not fictional characters. How the originator's of this legend would of wanted it to be. What influenced them as teenagers or young adults.

Influences run deep in everyone's lives, as does inspiration.

As you may or may not know, puzzles such as this where a big thing in the late 70s early 80s in the UK, the book masquerade was one of them.

I suspect this type of thing would if been right up holdstocks, Brabens and MB's Street. They (FDev) are drip feeding us facts as time goes on in order to keep interest in the topic. It's what makes this game unique.

I also think they did not lie per say about raxxla being in the game, they just where economical with the truth, after all look at the community and the way humans work in general, if it was accessible from the start we would of found it by now,data mined for it or some insider would of leaked it to his friends. Its the way we work as a species. They had to have had safeguards in place to keep this going, after all its all just about making money and being successful in what you do, nothing wrong with this.

It isn't a mathematical problem you are trying to solve, nor is it based in real life. Any and all subject is valid, if it follows the path that the devs may have left for us.

8
Well put. This is part of why I find rash dismissal of old lore troubling. There is a whole lot of it there for those who look. Read Pilot's Lounge profiles, read the items you're trading, materials mined, engineering materials. If you pay attention, there is lot under the surface. I used to hate orbit lines, but you know what they help spot anomalies. GalNet may be cryptic but small phrases can have a big impact. I have seen too much to blindly dismiss rumors. Investigate them. The truth is out there, if you are willing to pay attention. Nature doesn't like secrets. The true nature of things always eventually is found. It's a dystopic fictional universe. You're not supposed to take everything given as if it's the Gospels.
Last edited: Oct 19, 2023