Thatchinho
Mar 21, 2019
#6,935
Garand1987 said:
Something I just noticed that may give is a better idea where or how far to look for TDW, and therefore Raxxla. There’s an Ad at the stations for Brewer, apparently the manufacturers of the Orbis style stations, and it says “Brewer, Looking down on worlds since 3100” with a very odd,possibly early Orbis station as the picture (looks much like the one in TDW codex entry). So if they’re in an Orbis style station left disused by someone else, as seems to be the case, that would mean they couldn’t have been in it before 3100 yeah?

Jorki Rasalas said:
This sort of info should be documented so it’s a little more obvious, thanks! But the Raxxla rumour has been around since before that date so it can’t be an Orbis.

However it might be an early Ocellus. Wiki says “Modern Coriolis stations are cuboctahedrons with a 2-kilometer diameter. When it was first introduced by GalCop, the design had a much smaller diameter of 1 kilometer, but beginning in the 3200's the size was increased.” Galcop was the era of the original game, so way back; I’m sure someone else can put a date to it. “Modern Coriolis” implies there was at least one earlier version. This might fit the design shown in the Raxxla codex entry.

I think TDW hidden station is an orbis “having originated during the early years of the Federation and persisted over the centuries with minimal changes”. It is clearly a wheel shape

Garand1987 said:
Oh yeah Raxxla is much older than that for sure. Jason Ryder was told of it by his dad and even then it was a fabled mystery that seemed old. So the story of it predates the formation of TDW by a bit. But, TDW was originally formed in the station, that’s no earlier than 3100. So either they moved into the station later or they formed later than the 22nd century and the historian quoted in the codex is incorrect.
I don't think you can take the date of Brewer's incorporation / start of starport manufacture as a limiting date.

The TDW station is just said to be a Toroid.

In the no-artificial gravity ED universe, the Toroid is pretty much the most effective station design if it's intended for long term habitation:

- The spin is stable
- No contrarotating parts are needed to maintain the stability of the spin
- Much less wear and tear as a consequence.
- Full effective gravity at the habitation sections
- Zero grav docking, and zero/very low grav loading/unloading
- Day/night can be created via the spin and orientation

It'd be very surprising if Toroid stations weren't in use from very early times.

(Just going to add for clarity that it's not the optimal design for all types of station. The optimal design will change depending on what a station's purposes are.)
Last edited: Mar 21, 2019
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein