Han_Zen
Mar 21, 2019
#6,940
Edelgard von Rhein said:
I've been considering taking another trip to Colonia and maybe then onto The Void, so I thought I'd visit one or two highlights around the Bubble I hadn't yet seen - the Jameson Crash Site (HIP 12099 1b) and the INRA base on the adjacent moon (1a). It revealed a couple of difficulties searching for hidden things that might be relevant and an odd symbol (see in the spoiler below).
.
The Jameson Crash Site and the INRA base do not appear in the nav panel until you have left orbital cruise. The Jameson crash showed only as Other (1) after the FSS scan and mapping the planet did not reveal the location. I happened to drop out within 25km because I had made a note of the co-ordinates first, so I don't know how far away you might see it. The INRA base showed as Human (1) without their being any settlements on the moon but mapping did not reveal its location either. I hadn't made a note of its co-ordinates but when I dropped out of orbital cruise it was shown on the nav panel as being about 415km away (it remained when I jumped back to orbital cruise to get closer). It was dark at the INRA base and without night vision I could have flown right over the base without seeing it!
.
This INRA base is called Stack and has logs about procuring a live Thargoid specimen for experimentation, so perhaps the mycoid was developed into a weapon here prior to being deployed on Jameson's Cobra - crashed on the next moon. There is an octagonal 'loading bay' that looks large enough to accommodate a Thargoid Scout, with strange corrosion and cranes overhead for manipulation and a symbol that looks remarkably similar to the Raxxla Codex symbol in the centre. This symbol also appears on containers around the base but it is not the Biohazard symbol, although it does seem to represent a hazard symbol of some kind.
Maybe this is just a red herring but it makes me wonder about the origin of the Raxxla symbol in the Codex. Is it really part of a clue to the nature or location of Raxxla - or is it something else, like a hazard warning or even a symbol of ownership!? It is only the scarcity of information that makes me want to think it is a clue (I had been thinking that, in Guardian system description format, it was referring to a moon ABCDEF 1a, where planet ABCDEF 1 had three rings). If I ignore that wishful thinking, it seems more like a logo of sorts.
Click to expand...

Good comparison!

I’m pretty sure that it is the symbol for Mycoid.
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein