Thatchinho
Mar 21, 2019
#6,924
Jorki Rasalas said:
Middle of the 23rd century = mid 2200s, as Han_Zen & Thatchinho said.

If hyperdrive invented early 2100 that gives around 150 years for improvements to be made, so 140ish ly should have been quite practicable for Marlin Duval et al to move to Achenar.

Raxxla is a little more hazy; codex says (do we believe this? could be more obfuscation) earliest rumour around 2296, so say it was found circa 2250 to provide some 45 years for the rumour to spread bubble-wide. So 150 years- around the same time as Achenar was first colonised. Is this a hint that it’s in or close to Imperial space?

Am I misremembering because I thought the early jump drives were capable of 7 ly jumps, & once a week does ring a bell. IF (!!!) this is correct that means a dedicated exploration team could travel 52*7 = 364 ly per year of expedition time. 150 years total, so 75 out & 75 back could mean it was located anywhere up to 27,300 ly from Sol, if there was an organisation dedicated to explore for new mysteries (e.g. TDW).

I remember Jason Ryder was setting up an expedition to search for Raxxla based on his research but was first taking a break with his son when he was killed. How far does that imply for Raxxla location? Say 10 weeks of travel each way for an expedition of tough spacers? What was the jump range then??

edit: of course this discussion is just trying to explore where Raxxla might have been originally found based on lore; FD may not have felt constrained by lore when siting it, or Raxxla may have been moved as the bubble grew (depending on whatever it is!) - presumably by TDW since they are said to have lost it (pretty careless if you ask me, not like losing your car keys....unless Raxxla is the name of the key fob carrying DB’s ship keys ).
Click to expand...
2296 is just the earliest reference to Raxxla on public record. The point in the Codex is that it's already a myth at that point. Swap 'Raxxla' in the quote for, say, El Dorado or King Solomon's Mines for example...