madbilly
M
Oct 23, 2017
#880
Fyrd Judge said:
Any one noticed in Shinrarta Dezhra, Jameson Memorial, Pilots Federation faction has moved out two days ago. I sent a bug report in to see if it is a bug, or a planned move after the main patch and after the last fix patch nothing changed. If it was planned, it opens the door for The Dark wheel to take control, may be what FD are pushing for. Have to wait to see after the next fix if anything changes to confirm this is a planned move.

Jorki Rasalas said:
I just picked up a delivery mission at Merope5C (cant see any differences from2.3, other than the barney is surrounded by bright green goo) to meet aguy in Maia, get some data from him and deliver to Darnielles Progress... in Maia. Odd I thought, then found the Pilots Federation there.

madbilly said:
Has anyone tried to get extreme negative rep with a faction(s) in Shinrarta Dezhra to see if that triggers the scripted dw missions? Maybe enemy of the Pilots Federation?

Drat I wish I was there to try this myself and not on the other side of the galaxy.

clavain said:
Not sure how feasible that would be if it is the faction controlling the station. You'd just be vaporized every time you tried to dock? I think Pilot's Fed are still in control?

madbilly said:
FDev never said this would be easy
Even as an enemy of the Pilot's Federation there are two other stations in that system which are controlled by the DW. Yes they are planet-based, so you could argue that this would lock it out from Mac users and therefore it cannot be anything to do with Raxxla. Or we could try it and see?

Alternatively try and get the DW to usurp the PFed in Shin-Dezh and take control of Jameson Memorial. That would an interesting BGS war

clavain said:
It would lock it out to non-Horizons owners as well - that said we have no indication that Raxxla would be accessible to owners of only the basic game without expansions.

I think someone did try the BGS with the Dark Wheel at Shinrarta at some point (can't remember who now, a year or two ago) and they did not have much luck as I recall.
So apparently the PF are no longer a faction, they're a super power!

I don't know how this affects the BGS in Shinrarta Dezhra, I suspect that it is locked like Sol. But does it now mean that the DW can easily become the most influential faction there?

So where else do the PF appear, now they're no longer a faction? This may give a clue to where Raxxla is.