Merlin StWahgwaan
May 27, 2020
#16,793
rOmiLaYu said:
I guess I just don't understand why the devs need a system to "test" things in the live build....much less as many as they have blocked off. COL 70 Sector comes to mind. Obviously they have ways of replicating the existing servers, so why not an internal dev beta? I'm not a programmer so there may be advantages to having "locked systems" but in an MMO, I just think it's odd. Imagine playing Elder Scrolls online and there being large swathes of the map that you can travel to. If it genuinely is for later development/story....I just have my doubts. Five years in and they are still locked?

As to the two systems, yes, they are mentioned on the Unihabited page. SCHEAU BLI NB-O D6-1409 & DRYIO FLYUAE IC-B C1-377. Below is a reddit post from a few years ago when they were discovered.

Click to expand...

all good points, i agree I dont really understnd why they would need the systems either, my only guess would be they use them as a final test, just before the beta or new material go live. Just as a final double check that the assets will work as desired... if not, im at a loss....

Edit: the reason for multiple systems could be for testing different things at the same time, like FC's might have been testing one system while other fixes and additions were tested in others... and then they put everything all together and go live.... just an idea

And as for 5 years in, I believe that Fdev said in the begining that they had planned 10 years of support and features, so to assume its for future release DLC content or ect, isnt too far of a strech to me....

And yea, those two systems are on the Uninhabited permit list... so yea, no idea why, but its always fun too see what happens in the future with those systems and if Fdev ever does unlock them... they could also be for end-of-life release, when they are finally going to stop developing them game, they might unlock the final locked regions and systems.. no idea what content would be in them, but its still a possibility....

Either way, we'll never full know what the reason is unless they same somthing or unlock them...
Last edited: May 27, 2020
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420