Edelgard von Rhein
E
May 26, 2020
#16,783
rOmiLaYu said:
I've had this rattling around my head for weeks, months now. I guess I finally feel like I need to say it. The alleged Dark Wheel toast? I think it's meaningless as far as in game clues. I know this won't be popular, but I really think we are wasting our collective time, however interesting all the mythology surrounding it may be. Here's why. For starters, the Dark Wheel is also searching for Raxxla. They also do not know where it is. So how could there be clues to its location in a toast given by an organization that doesn't know its location? Also, if indeed there are clues to be found in the toast, that feels a little meta-gamey to me...using NPC text to speak to players? The game has never done that before, so why now? And lastly, weren't we told "no clues?" I don't know...to the guys carrying on the research and who are commited to the cause, by all means carry on. I've just gotten so stuck in the "it's in a permit locked system" rut, I can't get out. Even the Potato Hunt thing I've been (poorly) contributing to, seems a fool's errand.
I agree there are valid concerns about what the 'Alleged Toast of The Dark Wheel' actually is:
It is in the Codex section on Raxxla, not The Dark Wheel. If it had been placed in The Dark Wheel section, would we really think of it as pointing us to Raxxla?
How can TDW point us to Raxxla if they have never found it and, if they have, why would they make any clues public and not reserve them for their own members?
Why would anyone with knowledge of Raxxla's location share information so cryptically and widely? It could just as easily be to keep people from looking in other places! Nothing about the toast can be confirmed as accurate/valid unless the whole is found.
When does the toast date from? Was it written just for the Codex? Who wrote it and how did it come to be public?
Why use the Alleged Toast to introduce the Raxxla section in the Codex in the first place?
In short, the Alleged Toast is a poor starting point to go looking for Raxxla. There are too many questions, too much ambiguity. You have no way of knowing if you're really on the right path until you get to the end. However, it might make more sense as a stepping stone. If you already have some pieces of the puzzle, this might provide a framework to fit them in to. Perhaps getting TDW invite provides one or two and gives clues where to go for the rest.

Maybe there are clues, just presented in a way that they are only revealed as such to someone actively interested in the Raxxla myth. Now that we have these Codex articles, I think the 'there will be no clues' quote may now be obsolete: it's a question of noticing and understanding the clues, in the Codex and elsewhere.
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Rochester, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 5 others