Jorki Rasalas
Nov 9, 2020
#19,665
Vetinari said:
Shame they never gathered so alloys from the barnacles and built their 'cage' out of them, probably have fixed the whole problem.

Did realise that we 'learned' that Thargoid ships crashed before Mycoid or human interference, if that was ever in doubt as such, never really thought about it, all ships can crash surely, but tinfoil extrapolated to Guardians but no evidence...yet, I shall be keeping an eye out just in case.

Ah, I now see the source of the confusion- I read your “crashed thargoid ships” as meaning the ones we have known about for some time out in the Pleiades...

As I understand the latest mystery the expedition led by Prof Carver set up a settlement on Musca Dark Region PJ-P B6-1 3 in the Coalsack region. They first found space barnacles and then a crashed alien ship with some artefact which they took back to the settlement for study. It caused equipment malfunctions so likely a UA (but could feasibly be a probe or link). Adamastor megaship returned & took the object, deploying soldiers via Sidewinders who started “sanitising” the site, but thargoid ship(s) returned and sucked all but one person up (Dr Derek Murphy, the geologist “stone watcher”) who was left behind in an srv which was later found crashed. There is no indication given at all as to why the alien ship crashed, there was no weapon or biological damage visible on those in the Pleiades from what I remember and none reported for the Coalsack wreck (yes, this expedition (3111j predated mycoid development (thargoid-human war started 3125, Thargoid War ends 3151 with mycoid delivery) but there might be naturally occuring organisms or substances which damage thargoid ships) according to the Canonn data archive; given we are soon to see real thargoids on the ground (with Odyssey) and the available lore descriptions of them (leaked FD pix and Out of The Darkness text) bear no resemblance to anything at any of the known thargoid crash sites then I hypothesise that the ships are piloted by some form of AI rather than the goids themselves, and that it can fail (never trust a computer, especially if it has windows ).

This Coalsack expedition was indeed well before mycoid, INRA etc, from the lore we have had up until now. The fact that the organisation (Azimuth Biochemicals in the Chukchan system) quickly deployed military force to wipe out the expedition members is interesting. Clearly they wanted no information leakage about the find, which suggests they might already have known about these aliens etc. I suspect Azimuth was operated by The Club and this incident led towards the later formation of INRA.

Afterthoughts:
1) thargoids had human bodies/subjects from this incident well before the war. We know they utilise tissue from alien species in their technologies.....

2) we are told that thargoids are insect-like. In bees the males (drones, however we are also told in the current lore that all goids are female - this may be false!) fertilise the queen then die. It could that this also applies to thargoids, with the drones, before dying, going off to spread barnacle spores. It may also be that this task is given to any/all goids near the end of their life. This would explain crashed goid ships, near barnacles, with no apparent cause.

3) ant societies are divided into various specialities-worker, queen, warrior. Might be goids are similar. Perhaps one speciality is barnacle seeding and harvesting.
Last edited: Nov 9, 2020
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Hanerib, Vetinari and 1 other person