Jorki Rasalas
Nov 9, 2020
#19,664
CMDR Kachkeis said:
Hi there, I am new to ED since August and since September I am out in the black. I was really interested to discover the lore and Drew Wagar's videos about ED and Raxxla. So, since the day I heard about that I spent my time exploring and visiting DSSA-carriers going south from the bubble to Kepler's Crest, Formidine Rift, Errant marches, and now I am in the Perseus Arm and most of the time 35kLy away from home (Ehecatl system). I would not bet my grandma on the idea that Raxxla should only be looked for in the bubble, so I kept my eyes open for Raxxla and Dark Wheel hints. But hey, I am new and it's exciting. The thing with the "8th moon" triggered me and whenever I could, I scanned that one and/or took a screenshot of the undiscovered/unmapped system's map, even if there are many systems with 8th moons AND that do not fit the famous image with the station and the sun as background. As time goes by you just do the necessary, after wasting too much time with scans lol, but I have the screenshots and I will go on with that, don't ask me why, it's a new addiction ("well, now that I am here, why not take a pic...and if it fits the clues, why not scan the surface?").



P.S: And no, forgive me, I haven't read all of the 986 pages.........yet
Click to expand...

Welcome!
I also have an awful lot of screenshots, including system maps, from 5 years of galactic adventure. You never know, you may stumble across a new mystery (e.g. there are probably still Guardian sites etc to be found). Play it the way you want, listen to other ideas then make your own mind up, explore your own ideas. Personally I’m not at all convinced by the “8th moon” hypothesis-there’s enough doubt cast in the Codex wording about Lyta Crane that I think it’s a red herring, but you never know until you know!

We’re always interested in anything you find, or any ideas you may have- stay in touch by ftl comms!
Fly safe Commander!
Last edited: Nov 9, 2020
Reactions:
CMDR Kachkeis, [PS4] Filthymick420, Macros Black and 2 others