Jorki Rasalas
Aug 8, 2020
#18,260
Ok, I’m getting somewhat bored by Raxxla hunting of late, so here’s my current hypothesis.

From Codex:
Several versions of the Raxxla story mention an alien artefact, the Omphalos Rift, described
as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed. These details,
however, were later shown to bear a striking resemblance to the children's story Princess
Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars, and soon lost credibility. Undaunted, some Raxxla
seekers insisted that the story's author had cunningly concealed facts about the
mysterious locale in his book as hints for those with eyes to see.

We know of no such story, so it seems that may be an FD clue. It led to much discussion in this thread of Astrophel & Stella, Sir Phillip Sydney’s sonnets about his unrequited love Stella. In those sonnets IMO there are some significant phrases:

Astrophel and Stella sonnet extracts by Phillip Sydney circa 1580
(This is inferred from the “Astrophel”)
“When nature made her chiefe worke, Stella’s eyes, In collour blacke”
“onely those two starres in Stella’s face.”
“The windows (her eyes) through which this heavenly guest Looks at the world, and can find nothing that can lay claim To being the best when compared with them, are made of touchstone” (a touchstone is a dark stone like slate used by geologists in assay testing).

Inference: Raxxla (Stella) is a binary Black Hole.
Reasoning- Stella’s two (stars) black eyes; also binary black holes lose energy in the form of gravitational waves, spiral together and will eventually coalesce; DB has a keen interest in astronomy and would be aware of this fact since LIGO was often in the media when ED was in design. MB’s “you have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious...There's nothing to be revealed at this stage”, well BH singularities are tiny and BH absorb all light so reveal nothing!

You can deduce BH binaries form Spansh bodies search, selecting subtype BH and checking their distance from the system entry point. Then check on EDSM. I had a list of about 30 within 2kylies from Sol.

I have investigated the BH binaries at HIP 38114 & HIP 63835 with negative results. The next on my list was HIP 18442, 621 ly from Sol near Pleiades, no discovery date reported. Might this explain the Thargoid-Guardian conflict? Fighting for control over a galactic superjump point (as I said previously, I suspect the sysmap anomalies spotted by Han_Zen are the exit points from Raxxla).

Just in case the Omphalos Rift mention was a hint that an alien artefact is required to open the gateway I took a holdful of Guardian (much more likely BH engineers than Thargoids) artefacts (Key, Orb, Relic, Totem, Tablet, Urn, Casket) and dropped these individually, then together, near the BH binary barycentre and at exclusion zone barriers within each BH, then tried looking through them and also charging them with lasers. I suspect the key is the most likely (“place that is not a place”= BH, “door that is also the key”->”key that is also the door”->ancient key).

But there’s only so much frustration a Jorki can stand, especialy since it’s so hot I’m not getting enough sleep!


Now must walk copawlot before we both melt!

Edit: well I melted! How the hound can look so bright & cheerful in this heat while wearing fur pyjamas I do not understand
Last edited: Aug 8, 2020
Reactions:
Fiera, Cmdr SpaceMerlin, John Stoutbeard and 7 others