Thatchinho
Mar 4, 2022
#25,531
Rochester said:
Such a pity FD never thought of implementing such ‘content’ themselves.

It asks the question, why FD had such a limited scope of the imagination at launch, because it does supposedly go against the perception presented, through much of the ‘proposed’ concepts, which were, prior to launch, far more interesting than what we were eventually given.

To launch a game with SO much astronomical content (some not fully implemented) and not provide tools (relevant to the future technology). Speaks to me of a very pragmatic methodology of thinking.

Which is why I have always held onto the impression that if Raxxla is accessible, then it will be relatively close to Sol and discoverable via normal means, and nothing truly Herculean is required to find it, expect for us to simply ‘look’ in the more simplistic of methods.

This irks me, as it too challenges theories, such as DB saying (allegedly) that it would take multiple players to find?

What mechanisms exist (existed) in game that required multiple Cmdr’s to activate?

The only thing I can think of are community goals… when did these first raise their heads, was it after the older DW missions?

Were the older DW mission some unconfirmed silent community goal mechanism, which simply required enough Cmdrs to ‘unlock’… but it was bugged, or players simply didn’t play in the way FD wanted?

I am still bruised by how FD simply removed the older DW missions. So much inconsistency really bakes my noodle.

Why would FD not want to confirm those missions were removed from game?

I was only able to get that confirmed I suppose as a fluke, or just asking the right question….

Those missions were going somewhere. Why not tell players they were removed! What does that reveal???

I am of the impression FD didn’t really put a great deal of effort into Raxxla, that MB had set something in motion but it was broken, or got broken, or overlooked, but then removed and then put back in but, somewhere else…which doesn’t really change anything I know, just an old Cmdr having a grump, looking for some sign this isn’t just part of their 10 year narrative.
Click to expand...
With regard to the Founder/Elite missions, my personal take on it is that FD likely severely underestimated the rate at which people would become Elite, and the sheer volume of people doing so.

I mean, it’s been a joke for ages how easy it is to get Elite ranks and it’s only been getting worse. I had to go out of my way to avoid getting Elite in exploration from activities that, frankly, aren’t exploration. And that was pre-3.3.

The problem in many ways is that the rank has become heavily disassociated with actually being good at it, and has instead become about riding on the back of other people’s hard work (following guides, using out of game tools, etc, etc.).

I would argue that it has gone so far that the rank has had its meaning inverted and the probability is that if someone has an Elite rank then didn’t really earn it, and they’re not actually very good at that thing.

The point is that anything that was originally designed around Elite meaning Elite, and it being something that very few people achieved, will have needed to have a fairly major rethink.

(What it would be replaced with is a whole other matter of course, and a lack of immediately viable options may well explain why the Founder/Elite missions never seem to have be re-instated.)
Reactions:
Rochester