Rochester
Feb 5, 2019
#5,759
Eckee said:
Still wondering what’s Guru doing. He still hasn’t posted any proof or apology, do you think he’s trolling (or trolled) us?

I'm currently testing various situations within that system.

I can understand their superstition as there are a lot of references to 'the path' what with various npc names, nods towards the waters of Lethe and the such and of course my favourite 'Slow Bull' agricultural station.

That alone would indicate this being all humbug.

There are lots of what seem at first glance to be 'clues', for those with eyes to see, but really it’s most all likely pareidolia. You can find meaning in anything out here in the void.

On my first 3 visitations a 'Child' would constantly appear, or they would show up circling the station...now she hasn't appeared for some time, there simply isn’t any consistency.

It’s a nice theory, however if it were true why hadn’t FD applied the same coding to the rest of the game? Would seem a shame to expend it only to just one area of the game...

There is no conclusive proof of what Raxxla is or where, all we know is the FD say it’s in the game, but in what format? It can be found by anyone apparently, but so can permit locked systems... FD have scrubbed the lore concerning this so all bets are off, it may have been lost but who is to say it wasnt first hidden.

For all the drama I like his idea, this is how I would hide Raxxla, in plain sight or through a path of initiation. I hope we dont find it soon and its not just another rock x light years away. There is a mechanic in game where certain stars dont appear in Galmap but they do appear in the skybox, a naming issue I think. If I wanted to hide something thats how I would do it, pay off the one agency that can pin point it and erase the records of its location, you then have to physically eye-ball its location...

'If thou gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will also look into thee'.

However the Lesser Mysteries here may well just be balderdash and hokum I'm sorry to report. Who knows maybe its time locked, the mysteries were an annual event over a period of days...again a good grindy way to hide something.
Last edited: Feb 13, 2019
Reactions:
Eckee