Mr House Wins
Feb 5, 2019
#5,749
Eckee said:
Still wondering what’s Guru doing. He still hasn’t posted any proof or apology, do you think he’s trolling (or trolled) us?

He was definitely trolling us. If someone pops in here claiming to have discovered Raxxla or some path towards it but won't provide any sort of solid proof like pictures or locations and only speaks in cryptic riddles, they're flat out lying.

People know that Raxxla hunters are so desperately starved for any substantial clues that we can sometimes be easily led into wild goose chases. My policy is simply "pics or you're full of crap."


Thatchinho said:
Ok, lets take that piece from the Codex as being accurate.

How long has the TDW faction been up and running for? The real Dark Wheel has been round for a long long time. In that context, what's the timescale for 'not for long' and 'sooner or later'? Given all that, how can we make any inferrences based on TDW faction still being in existence?

I operate on the assumption that the faction was put in SD for a reason. The Dark Wheel searches for worthy pilots to test for skill and courage per the Codex entry; what better place to set up shop in that search than SD? It's literally the mecca for all Elite pilots in the galaxy. The faction in SD is not the home base of the Dark Wheel, but an outpost of sorts. Even if it's not the "true" Dark Wheel, it is definitely the most "tiny bit obvious" place that the quest to find Raxxla would start. That being said, I'm triple Elite and Allied to the Dark Wheel faction and they have yet to give me any mysterious or clandestine missions or messages yet. Probably because Raxxla is permit locked somewhere out in the Col 70 Sector and not in a state ready to be found.


Noobilite said:
Just got a glimps at this in the picture thread: https://forums.frontier.co.uk/showt...raphy-Thread?p=7400468&viewfull=1#post7400468

I'm waiting for a reply on where he saw this. I'm not sure if this is in game or an edited photo. If it's real that is really interesting.

Yeah, that's a skybox glitch. You start to see it as you get closer to the Galactic Core where star density increases. Pretty cool looking though.