Jorki Rasalas
Feb 5, 2019
#5,757
Mr House Wins said:
I've come to believe that the Dark Wheel group in the Shinrarta Dezhra system is indeed the actual Dark Wheel, and I believe the first paragraph of the Dark Wheel Codex entry lends evidence to this assertion.

"Oh, they're out there alright. I've never met them, but I know they're out there. Think about
how well known the stories are. Now think about how easy it would be for some two-bit
band of hucksters to pass themselves off as the Dark Wheel and start trading on their
reputation. Doesn't happen, does it? Not for long, anyway. Whenever someone tries to
usurp the Dark Wheel name, sooner or later they get quietly shut down. And that's how I
know"

- Felicy Farseer, explorer

Simply put, if the Dark Wheel organization present in the Shinrarta Dezhra system was not the actual Dark Wheel, then the true Dark Wheel would have shut them down long ago. Even if the Dark Wheel lets them operate only to serve as a front or a ruse, I believe that the search for Raxxla will start with them, as Frontier has stated that they do have to make it "a tiny bit obvious" and nothing is more obvious than having a group calling themselves the Dark Wheel out in the open.
Click to expand...

Well, it has been hinted that we should not necessarily take anything we hear via galnet etc at face value, characters can lie.
So either this titbit from Felicity is just galnet window dressing, or it is intended to deceive us, or it is true.
Can it be corroborated? Does it tie in with anything else we know?
We have a scene in ch15 Elite Premonition:

“You understand who I represent, I assume, Commander Thorn?’ ‘I’ve seen you run missions out of Shinrarta Dezhra,’ Thorn replied.
‘Shinrarta Dezhra?’ The woman laughed, her scorn plain to hear. ‘You think the Dark Wheel advertises on a station board in plain sight? That we need rookie pilots to drag a couple of tonnes of thrumpberry flavouring across to Hutton Orbital? A trivial ploy to keep the Founders off our backs.’
‘I’m gratified to hear it,’ Thorn replied. ‘You had me worried for a moment.’
‘It was a little too obvious,’ Lestenio agreed.
‘It keeps the treasure seekers and wishful thinkers occupied,’ the woman said. ‘They believe they are onto something. They have their uses for occasional menial activities. The truth is far more subtle than they will ever suspect. Shinrarta is merely a front.’
‘So …?’
‘You should not consider the Dark Wheel a single organisation, gentlemen. How could it survive for so long if it were? The Wheel has many levels, many hubs, cogs, gears and spokes. It is more akin to an affiliation of organisations that share certain common goals. Interlocking in purpose. Consider yourselves now spinning on the outermost rim.”


Excerpt From
Elite Dangerous: Premonition
Drew Wagar
This material may be protected by copyright.

So, I suspect DW in SD is part of TRDW but it’s a front, and possibly a recruiting mechanism. It seems to be a common find that they offer assassination missions, as a follow-on to other elite-rank missions (I was offered one after ferrying a party of businessmen only some 15ly for several MCr). It could be these are part of the recruitment process, they are supposedly interested in the best pilots, who clearly must be ruthless. That fits with the lore, whether it is canon for ED or not.
The last sentence is also, I think, illuminating. I suspect FD asked DW to put this phrase in to resolve the original SD mission hint that Raxxla is “obfuscated on the outer rim”. That is just a little bit obvious.

I had an hypothesis which I mentioned a while ago but didn’t get taken up. If TRDW is a conglomerate then it should be possible to join it by getting allied with various (half a dozen? a dozen??...) of its affiliates. What type of faction is DW in SD? The background flag in the mission-givers’ photo is repeated across the game, looks like there are four flags or so-is this another clue?