Han_Zen
Feb 25, 2020
#15,402
Ravenl0ft said:
Ok i searched and followed this lead alone for so long. Maybe its time to go public with it.
RAXXLA
this is the key. This is the compass, this is the map indeed.
This very word describes it.
but i didnt realized it before i read the Astrophel and Stella.
View attachment 163380

This is a page from that Astrophel and Stella. what do you see?
first thing i noticed was the roman numbers.
And thats the moment i realized it.
RAXXLA
is actually
RA XXL A
Right ascension 10 10 50
Now the last A is bit in fog for now.
but i believe it stands for "align"
you have to align something with that coordinates.
but what?
the SOL of course. The cradle of humanity.
If you go to sol, and from there you select REGULUS, (which has the Ra of 10 10 58), you will see that trajectory aligns with the gamma cassiopeia projection on the galaxy map ceiling.
I know its hard to believe and comprahend, so i wait until someone sees that.
YOu just need to go sol, Plot a direct route to REGULUS. about 78 ly away so u need the jumpaconda. From sol you look at regulus, there is that tiny little dot in the backstage, which i thought was a pivot point of galaxmap camera, but it isnt.
It is indeed, one of that five stars. Its the gamma cassiopeia projection which is floating in the ceiling of galaxy map
If you slide your cursor to the edge of map, you can see it clearly.
This video should help you to see it.



Please share your ideas about this. What do you think? Does it make sense? Or is it bullsht? If someone is willing to cooperate, i can share further things i found around this idea.
Click to expand...

It's a fine idea. One that has been experimented with, quite a bit. Both RA 10 10 50 and RA 20 50 are interesting options.
The main problem is that without a declination, there is no direction. There is a 180° sector of directions. This sector forms a plane.
If you have a declination as well, you get a vector. If you have a second plane, you also get a vector.

Regulus is on the ecliptic. If you define the ecliptic as your second plane, the hypothesis is worth testing further. I've never tried jumping directly from Sol to Regulus.
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, [PS4] Filthymick420, Machina Ergo Sum and 2 others