Edelgard von Rhein
E
Feb 25, 2020
#15,412
Sparklepaws said:
An interesting concept that's been passed around a few times has been that Raxxla is in a Lagrange Point. It could explain the "movement" mentioned.

Some thoughts to spark conversation:
TDW in Shinrarta Dezhra is a fake front run by the real Dark Wheel. META.
Raxxla logo looks like the panel inside stations at the back (this tinfoil is heavy). Platform 9 and 3/4 anyone?
Old theory about logo: It's a map; travel from a starting point to the 3rd closest system and then to the 33rd location in system. To my knowledge this has not been tested from Delphi (If my calculations are right, using Delphi as 0 lands you in Pleiades Sector IH-V c2-7 while using Delphi as 1 results in HIP 17692)
Speaking of Delphi, might be significant: The Greek "Omphalos stone" (assuming the Omphalos Rift is related, of course) was considered the center of the universe and it supposedly allowed communication with the gods. It was also known as the "naval of the world". Zeus sent two eagles to fly around the world at equal speeds and then placed the stone where they crossed paths at Delphi. This stone became the symbol of Apollo. So, find the "center" of Delphi? Or 5a? Or maybe theorycraft two unmodded Eagles and see where they end up?!
Click to expand...
I think the part about class Y 'stars' counting as the gas giant for the location of The Dark Wheel station is a good call. Systems with a brown dwarf / gas giant primary used to be called 'dark systems' in the lore and were not always well recorded (Elite: Reclamation talks about them in this way) so it would make sense as a place to build a hidden base.

Since The Dark Wheel's hidden station has, from the Codex entry, been around for a very long time, there might not have been that many 8th moons around which to have constructed one at the time but the number of available 'dark systems' was probably much higher.

To some extent, I think 'The Club' would have checked the obvious places for The Dark Wheel home base. People, both friendly and otherwise, have been looking for them for centuries but no such base has ever been found. I doubt permit locks would be an issue for some of these people. A permit lock would only attract the attention of the wrong kind of person. After considering this point, a 'dark system' still seems like a good place to hide a home base.
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, John Stoutbeard, Kungfumaniac and 4 others