RaNaketh
Feb 26, 2020
#15,418
Han_Zen said:
Pluto is always interesting, in the context of the Michael Brookes tattoo.

The top left of the image probably display(top down), Triton, Charon(ferryman of Hades and moon of Pluto) and the river Styx(another moon of Pluto. Not in game) .

Pluto is of course the same god/place as Hades, located at the other side of the river Styx.

SPOILER: MB TATTOO

It may seem strange both mythologically and astronomically to put a sea god like Triton, with that bunch of underworld characters. There may be at least an astronomical explanation inn the fact that Triton is believed to ba a captured moon(it's to big and orbits in the opposite direction). Many astronomers thinks that Triton was originally a Kuiper belt object, like Pluto and it's moons.
In Greek mythology the sea gods were also gods of the rivers.

In the tattoo there seem to be two rivers merging into one. The other one(not Styx) is most likely Archeron, the river of woe.
Archeron is Galactic region 23.
Click to expand...
Oh ho, that reminds me, I was looking into the comments that appear for the mission providers. Specifically the intro ones to see what was common, or unique and noted the 'Haylcon Days' on an occasional comment.

It could be another completely random comment, but seems on anedotal evidence to be a comment tied to a few specific organisations.

NOUN
halcyons (plural noun)
a mythical bird said by ancient writers to breed in a nest floating at sea at the winter solstice, charming the wind and waves into calm.

Halcyon days. A tranquil period of happiness, especially in the past. The phrase refers to the period around the winter solstice that is associated with calm weather, which in Greek mythology was attributed to the power of the fabled halcyon bird that was said to calm the wind and sea.

So if people can keep an eye out for that in the text and let us know how widespread that comment is that would be helpful.

Fly Dangerously,
/ Ra
Reactions:
simulacrae, Vetinari, John Stoutbeard and 2 others