Jorki Rasalas
Nov 6, 2019
#13,150
Vetinari said:
The EFP was set up to carry out Elite missions, DB example is a diplomats daughter needing transport, so the diplomat would contact the EFP to get an elite pilot. That's all it is, an introduction agency getting the best contracts. However the EFP allow us rl players to join without being elite as its just a kill counter not a test of skill in their eyes so we can do the harmless missions that they don't want to waste an elite pilot on. For combat that is, assume other ranks work the same, we get different ranked trader missions after all. DW was originally an offshoot of the PF and I still think its different or separate to the EFP but may have been ret-conned...No idea who the Club actually are, what their intentions are or where they fit in but if they are the new DW that's a sell-out to me, Ill just have to live with it.

At least that's what I understood from it.

What is the point of the defaced flag? Is it a ship that will be commandeered if needed first above ones not flying the flag? Or is it just a 'supporters club' flag but obviously they cant fly the real one as its restricted to Royal Navy vessels only? Does it give extra 'protection' at sea somehow? (Roman citizens had rights all across the Roman Empire type of thing and officials were less likely to mess with them than another traveller) I get the feeling its just a rich boys toy to display their arrogance and probably a hangover from a distant past where they could pretend to be more important. - nice side issue DB, now we have a mystery we might actually solve
Click to expand...

I interpret the defaced flag comment as meaning the EFP are the real elite military outfit, PF is a “subsidiary” of lesser qualified individuals. IRL a white ensign can only be legitimately flown by British Royal Navy ships and shore establishments, members of the Royal Yacht Squadron and by ships of Trinity House escorting the reigning monarch, and a couple of exceptions.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420