Machina Ergo Sum
Dec 7, 2019
#13,855
Filthymick420 said:
what I'm saying is a friend of mine Colonel_scouse is quad Elite and he has also been seeking raxxla for a long time and so far quad Elite means nothing to him either.

Also im pretty sure cqc wasnt something available when the game first came out based on this
View attachment 154338
Considering the state of cqc disrepair, If it was seriously connected to anything thats taken as seriously as raxxla it would have been fixed or at least acknowledged. After everyone went looking for Gan Romero they decided to stop making galnet fluff to prevent people wasting their time. Wouldnt it make sense to make sure the path everyone must travel for theirselves is actually able to be traveled by anyone? Which it presently is not in its currently far from it. It just seems like common sense to me but hey.....

Just to be clear, my personal stance is that Quad Elite isn't needed because I personally do not believe in triggers as triggers are not needed to hide Raxxla (which is another long theory in itself).

What I was talking about is that someone who has the conviction for triggers must necessarily eliminate CQC as one of the trigger. He must logically and necessarily take the step to eliminate all possible suspects. And I know at least 1 player with the conviction to do that, attain CQC Elite because he understands this. It is inconvenient yes but logical. To do anything else prior to attaining CQC Elite and yet believe in triggers is irrational.

Quad Elite doing nothing for your friend is anecdotal and irrelevant. Not everyone knows everything and CQC Elite is largely a function of time spent. For example, for all major paths in game, there are not widely known mechanics in each of them which even veteran players have no idea about. (Whether they are bugs or intended as a function of the Stellar Forge is another discussion.)

And the logical error you are committing is that there is only 1 way to Raxxla and that CQC wasn't updated for a way in. For all we know, there might be 6 ways to Raxxla, 2 paths for every profession. (For those that believe in triggers anyway )
Last edited: Dec 7, 2019
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420