Machina Ergo Sum
Dec 7, 2019
#13,854
Thatchinho said:
You know when you see people talking about their journey from being unhealthy to healthy, that they're not talking about an actual voyage yeah? That a journey of self discovery does not necessarily mean a voyage? So on and so forth? The people who say that stuff in a non-voyage sense aren't being deceptive or disingenuous.

(For the avoidance of doubt, I'm in no way implying that you don't know that stuff. The point being made is to question why a common metaphor is being treated as an unquestionable literal statement in this particular circumstance.)

From 1 side you can use Occam's Razor. The simplest solution is to take MB's words at face value that it is a literal journey because he prefaced that sentence with a physical location: Its in the Milky Way. From the other side, due to the esoteric nature of the riddle, one would think its a metaphor. The problem is with using it as just a metaphor because if you extend it long enough, then everything can be a metaphor and there really is no need for a physical McGuffin. I know at least 1 long time player who had lost faith and dropped out because of this. My personal belief is that MB's statement is used both ways, literal and metaphorical and that there is a mechanic which fulfills both requirements.

Thatchinho said:
So who is it that's trying to spin things here?

No offense intended. When I say "you", I meant the metaphorical "you", not you per se.

Thatchinho said:
Cool. So presumably then with regard to the statement that was made that "The above is not in question unless you don't believe fdev " we're both in agreement that it actually is in question, and it's not a matter of not believing FD, and what we're actually talking about is the degree to which it is in question. Excellent, we're getting somewhere!
No. What I mean is for point 5. I neither have evidence for or against it hence I can only disagree the OP Darth Ender.

Thatchinho said:
3. Is inferral on your part.
4. Is also inferral on your part but appears to be an inferral built on an inferral.
Again with reference to a literal vs metaphorical journey and MB's words "It's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves."

Its just ironical to me that you want to be logical about it but given 2 choices, you rather not take things at face value (the simplest solution) but take the other choice instead, whether its the choice of the metaphor or the choice that MB is being disingenuous.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420