BluWolve
Dec 7, 2019
#13,858
CMDR Zulu said:
My take on “Cora” is slightly different but I believe there is indeed a journey to be had here. I’ve researched countless topics over the past few weeks that I’ve been looking in earnest into this mystery. I can say that, were it not for Raxxla, I’d have never looked into those topics. From Garden Cities, to random scientists, pioneers, and countless mythologies.
I’m enjoying the journey thus far and if I can retain it all, I’d say I’ve learned a lot.

So back to Cora; I think Cora relates to an indigenous group of people in Mexico, named the Cora.

They meshed the beliefs of the Spanish conquerors into their pagan beliefs and created the own brand of Christianity.
One of their Chief Dieties was named Tayau the sun God who also went by the shortened name Tau (like Tau Ceti). Tau would traverse the sky until he sat in his throne at noon.
I believe that’s what we’re supposed to gather from Cora and Tau Ceti in this instance. A sun like deity, that moves on a set path and schedule and “sits down” periodically so to speak.

Art Tornqvist on the other hand...I believe is a reference to the Tornqvist index; an economics index that is calculated for consecutive periods.

Im no statistics professor so I can’t say for certain what the specifics are but I think the gist of the clue there is to use Art (Winking Cat) to find out time frames or periods.

Economy may also be a factor as well. The Raxxla logo is green similar to the vision for Garden Cities. Could Raxxla be moving to systems that are only Agricultural?

Do we have regions identified as “green belts” in the bubble?
Click to expand...
Cora for me, is a potential hint to the Core worlds.

Art and Winking cat, agreed.

Agriculture economies, such as the core worlds recently hit by the blight? The same blight caused by EX7 fertiliser being contaminated with a suspicious pathogen?

I know of another suspicious pathogen - yup you guessed it - Mycoid.

Aren’t we lucky INRA had also taken the time to create a vaccine for Mycoid, before the blight spread too far? Unless you believe the news and prefer to think that the “radical methods” suggested by Neomedical Industries was nothing to do with Mycoid.
Neo- (prefix) Neo– (from the Greek: νέος, neos meaning "young") is a prefix that is used with nouns, to emphasize the word's revival–in the sense of a revitalized movement that takes a newer form.

It is all too coincidental for my liking. Are we being guided towards the Core Worlds?

This has got me thinking. I wonder if Thargoids would react to EX7 fertiliser, or Agronomic Treatment? We know they react to Guardian and Thargoid related cargo.
Hmm. That might be better discussed in the Thargoid thread.
Last edited: Dec 7, 2019
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420