Garand1987
G
Dec 6, 2019
#13,843
Hadn't heard of the winking cat until this week honestly and it intrigued me so I took a look see. What stands out to me is this. The paintings they stole and the one returned basically and what their meanings are. First is the Rembrandt self portrait. The circles being significant and generally taken to be a representation of Aristotle’s “perfect form of the world”, which in the painting is curiously blank.
second is Picasso’s Guernica which is an anti-war painting. With Facism and darkness represented by a bull and the trampled people represented by a horse.
third a 23rd century painting that has a title meaning “without earth” or “in earths absence”. Followed by contemporary works that are representative of the Federations “new dawn” and a painting that comes to express the owner. They also gave back to the federation a painting called Penance Street.
According to GalNet the winking cat has become somewhat of a common mans hero. With their symbol turning up in art, books and music.
Their thefts come for the first three in 3 century blocks. 17, 20, 23rd followed by two works from the 3300’s.
Seems to me their not stealing paintings for the heck of it, or for monetary gain. They have a common theme. They’re taken regardless of power affiliation and they are, in order, the worlds perfect form, anti-war pro people, without earth and penance being given to the federation. And a work taken to themselves that becomes what the owner is. What’s left then? They’re up to contemporary works. I’d think their next move is their own magnum opus. A cap on whatever their message is to the powers.
If I had to place my money they’re not working alone, but are backed by an organization. Hard to believe that one person would have the skills and funding to pull all this off.
Since they’ve gained a popular following and seem to be sending a message that resonates with the people, I’d bet their trying to be disruptive to the powers in a very public way.
Which reminds me of Salomé’s final message. That to expose the club (not just their plan but who they are specifically) that we must be disruptive to the powers. Rise up, and they will have no choice but to come out of the shadows and expose themselves.
If I had to place a bet. That’s their end game.
Reactions:
Fiera, [PS4] Filthymick420, SpaceGoblin and 1 other person