Han_Zen
Dec 6, 2019
#13,848
CMDR Zulu said:
Based on the Garden City Winking Cat reference I’m changing my theory.
At first I was under the impression that the stolen art from earth meant that the windows were 3 day intervals. I believe that to be false now, my apologies.

To clarify: 3 pieces of art were stolen Rembrandt 17th century, Guernica 20th Century, and Terra Absentia 23rd Century. 17, 20, 23. I believe the number meant to be taken from this was the total of the centuries, 60, so perhaps 60 days.

The most recent piece of stolen art that was returned, Penance Street, was referenced to have been missing 60 years. Again I believe this to mean 60 days.

Mars was stolen from twice within a 60 day period. 1 January - 14 February. Meaning it was somewhere near Sol during that time frame. Rembrandt (Dutch) Guernica (Spanish) so perhaps it was somewhere between Vega and Van Maanen (completely guessing).

The Garden City diagram breaks the city up into 7 nodes of population.

So if we apply this to the bubble can we get 7 unique population centers? I believe so.
Federation, Empire, Alliance, Sirius, Utopia, Grom, Delaine.

Perhaps it’s moving in the vicinity of population centers, centered on the core worlds but always near the frontier. That’s a wide search area BUT with attention to Galnet I think the locations can be narrowed down.

Unless there’s another way to divide the bubble into 7(I’m open to suggestions)? Regions perhaps? I’m not looking at the map at the moment so I don’t know.

If we look at the theft on 31 August and add 60 days it would be 30 October. The fertilizer issue took place during this time frame while attention was being drawn away from the Upaniklis region. Then on 5 November the Golconda was hinted at (via Galnet) because the coast was already clear. It would have left the region by 30 October.

There was another 60 day window near Eotienses. I wonder what was occurring within 60 days of that theft and where it occurred.

I’m going to return to digging now to see if I can discover the order the regions are visited in. Wish me luck and sanity.
Click to expand...
Sounds to me like a description of the Raxxla logo:
60 degee angles.
Two circles by Rembrandt. One complete and one incomplete in the logo.
Guernica with triangles an a central ligth source (Sun).
Three streets
Six outer garden cities.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, CMDR Zulu, BluWolve and 2 others