[PS4] Filthymick420
Feb 16, 2020
#15,258
Jorki Rasalas said:
There are several permit-locked systems with zero population in the bubble & no known permit
(https://ed-board.net/en/?m=permit)
Witch's Reach (2 G type stars, one planet named “Cauldron”)
4 Sextantis
HIP 54530
HR 4413
LFT 509
LHS 2921
Polaris

There’s a system near Shin Dez but I can’t remember the name. Spotted it on the galmap ages ago, maybe it was your HR4413.

And of course one locked planet- Sol/Triton.

We’ve discussed these before. They be FD-reserved test systems, though I think that unlikely-can’t see why they’d need so many. So they could be part of the “personal journey”, this hypothesis is reinforced by the release notes that said Witch’s Reach contains military convoys (which used to carry strange cargoes, including UA), hence a permit be obtainable in order to gain access to that gameplay (otherwise FD wouldn’t have expended the development effort). If this hypothesis is correct then clearly there must be a way to gain the permit(s). I think it’s logical to hypothesise that these permits will be gained during endgame play via TDW (since TDW is a subsidiary faction of PF) and possibly from Thargoids/Guardian AI for Polaris (since earlier games had Polaris as a Thargoid base with related mission)- it would make sense for FD to give a nod to the earlier games with this system. I think endgame play because TDW entrance criteria seem (to me now) to be leading to that-personal journey with large amount of systems visited & goods traded, high combat/trade/exploration ranks, possibly top ranks with Feds &Imps, large number of Thargoid kills perhaps? What criteria would be attractive to TDW- a band of adventurers, myth chasers and treasure seekers?

As for the large locked regions, clearly Thargoids are in Col70 area and I think that lock will come down this year with their major invasion (it’s started-look at damaged stations on the galmap, there’s never been so many before), and there is at least one other species that we have been told about-the Guardian AI; though I suspect some of the original Guardian refugees/ark ships will be another. I think those locks will come down in due time, it supposed to be a 10-year gameplan; we’re now about halfway through
Click to expand...
How many of those can you view the system map for? I posted the system map of a permit locked system in which the permit is an unknown unlock. I only just learned not all of you can view this system' map. Im not suggesting this is the one. But it shouldn't be so easily shrugged off either.
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Machina Ergo Sum, Six6VI and 1 other person