Rochester
Aug 4, 2023
#31,080
simulacrae said:
I feel it might be good to bring up "The Space In-between" again....

Brookes was fond of Drabbles – there was a thread early on dedicated to them here in the forums somewhere.... On his blogspot he wrote this back in 2014 under a drawing of Yog-Sothoth.

SPOILER: THE SPACE IN-BETWEEN







Later he comissioned a drawing which he ended up getting tattooed on his back... It was also called "The Space In-between". I think we are all familiar with that drawing.... I bring this up because while he might have structured his maze using Milton.... I think it was filled with Lovecraft....
Within the various reflections on that image Brookes does confirm it was inspired directly by Milton, but is likewise a mixture of Lovecraft references.

Lovecraft is not something many have looked into. Lovecraft did utilise a number of real life stars in his works but these IMO are too physically far away from the concentration of events potentially depicted in the Codex around the Axis Mundi / Pandemonium systems.

But it is a key element which deserves more scrutiny I agree.

I suspect during his research in to Holdstock he came upon various references (Yggdrasil etc) which he drew from and coalesced. There might not be any direct outside or academic link, it could all revolve around Holdstock IMPO…

I do suspect Brookes image to have been ultimately painted large upon the stars, in game, and many of the characters represent actual locations around a central Axi Mundi Yggdrasil - many are probably metaphors, the two figures I suspect are actually Adam and Eve, but notice how they are depicted in Greek fashions!

In Paradise Lost Eve is not the meek character perpetuated by the Church, nor is she evil, she is intelligent and Adams equal, the fall is actually linked to ‘knowledge’ and ‘growth’ as Gods love is effectively ‘being’ ergo stillness in perfection - knowledge is forwards momentum and evolution…

Time literally stands still in Eden and only begins moving forwards after the second fall.

Anyway - digressing.

Eve is depicted in Paradise Lost as a huntress. On the tattoo she she dressed as a huntress with a spear.

I suspect this is a metaphor for ‘Artemis’. Artemis in game is literally right next to Yggdrasils central column!
Last edited: Aug 4, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, simulacrae and Jorki Rasalas