Han_Zen
Aug 3, 2023
#31,070
Jorki Rasalas said:
If we assume Legacy is giving us clues about the Quest, then we need to examine the duplication of “children’s story”. In codex it’s entitled “Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars” whereas in Legacy its “a book about a young man’s quest to save a princess from an alien dragon”. So it seems logical that these are one and the same, in which case how is an alien dragon relevant? Is it a Guardian/Thargoid reference? Or mythological reference to Satan as a dragon (in Bible/Revelations) and thence to Paradise Lost? The princess is evidently Astrophel (a Strophel reference to Hecate’s Wheel?) . Is it a reference to Draco the constellation? How are spiralling stars relevant? ...is there a black hole/NS pair in Draco? Is it a planetary disc? (Afterthought: is this a hint that the alien dragon is after Raxxla and it must be protected?)

Julia’s father Darik lived with a nomad gang for several months recuperating from severe injuries. So does this imply Thargoid Scavengers are relevant (e.g. where scavengers are repairing a crashed goid mother ship) or does it mean Scriveners? Or irrelevant?

Julia as a girl “dreamed of being the first pilot to discover Raxxla” & hoped to keep her Eagle as she’d grown accustomed to its idiosyncrasies...”whether it was a suitable ship for travelling all the way to Alliance space was another matter”...so is that a hint that Raxxla is in Alliance space? I thought MB made out the Alliance to be “evil men”? See him say in Elite: Dangerous Fiction Diary #1 7mins30 “When you’re travelling in Alliance space make sure you’re not accidentally smuggling something illegal” with big grin and fixed look for several seconds. He also mentioned the Martian alien artifact (about 10:21) in the context of other sentient species in the galaxy (Guardian?).


Could the “something illegal” have been a reference to Trinkets of Hidden Fortune which are and which seem to have originally had some involvement with TDW/ Raxxla

One of the characters is Lina Mater (trader, cobra mk3) fourth generation descendant from a Jameson, who was a mother figure to her, and as a Jameson most likely a Dark Wheel member.
You might be on to something. If Draco represents the underworld / Hell / Satan, I would say that up is down and down is up.
If we drop Polaris as up (or down for that matter) because the polestars shift over time, we need an axis (mundi) that is more constant. Both the ecliptic north pole and the lunar north pole are in Draco. The lunar pole shifts a little bit, but it's always in Draco. The ecliptic pole and the lunar orbital pole does not shift in any significant way.

If hell is in Draco then heaven is in Dorado. In the right part of Dorado (about 70° declination) , we have the large Magelanic cloud. The LMC fits well with Gan Romeros description: 'an area of space, not black but radiant…glowing like heaven,' and Milton saying that the outer shell of the universe is black, except for the part that touches Heaven.

Hecate is of course a moon goddess and the Raxxla logo has these three crescents around the Sun symbol, so the moon could be the key?

Perhaps the Ompalos rift leads to Melnick 42? After all the answer is always 42 and the dolphins(dorado) must have gone somewhere, when they left earth.
Last edited: Aug 3, 2023
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas, simulacrae, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person