Rochester
Aug 3, 2023
#31,069
‘As far removed from god and light of heaven as far from the centre three times to the utmost pole’ John Milton Paradise Lost

In regards to FD recent inclusion of the Brookes Galactic beacons I believe helps a great deal to establish a key and possibly pivotal information gap.

For a long time we’ve considered Sol to be our centre, so it is within John Milton’s Paradise Lost, Earth/Eden/Paradise ergo Sol being the centrepiece.

Paradise was held by a golden chain off the walls of heaven.

The recent text shifts this perspective, as in my opinion now establishes Raxxla in the same context.

Raxxla is Paradise Lost = Eden/Paradise. Raxxla is the jewel!

Now in Paradise Lost Milton does not give any fixed locations for either Heaven, Hell or Paradise. But Milton DOES give dimensional measurements which identify the distances between them.

We actually now know where Hell is in game, it’s centred around Axis Mundi, that’s where the capital of Milton’s Hell resides - Pandemonium.

If we now ignore Sol, we can ask the question… what else in game could the axis align with?

If you understand that you can extrapolate and potentially find Heavens Gate (or what Brookes established as a potential metaphorical comparison) as that is where the chain is attached. If you do that you can then calculate where Paradise / Raxxla might be.

I’ve touched on this before but my calculations were solely focused upon Sol being Paradise as I was looking for Heavens gate, not Paradice!

If we accept FD currently new information and the jewel being Raxxla, then this changes everything and we have 1/3 of the puzzle solved because I establish that the codex text is descriptive of the ‘underworld’ sector centred around the system Axis Mundi and Pandemonium… we therefore know where Hell is, where to plant our axis!

So what else does this new information provided by FD tell us….


The Astronomy of Paradise Lost by Thomas N Orchard MD, p 1913 gives a great breakdown on this theory.
Last edited: Aug 3, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Han_Zen