Rochester
Aug 3, 2023
#31,072
This Pendent World

‘Cosmos and Character in Paradise Lost’, by Malabika Sarkar

This is a very good description and explanation of the abstract nature of this particular text.

Seeing a lot of interpretations flying about trying to apply simplistic examples to fix this in game. The reality is it could be far simpler and in my opinion more in line with either the original text, or it’s been abstracted further in line with Brookes other influences…

It’s worth noting that Milton sometimes utilised practical ‘for the time’ descriptions to convey vast unknown distances, but these are interchangeable, at some points these seem smaller than corresponding larger entities and visa-versa, the point was not to be so scientifically accurate, but to convey an aspect of cosmological wonder and of dimensions outside our (then) comprehension which might defy description, or dimensions which were at that time considered vast and measured and understood, or comparable.

Example - celestial beings are noted as being enormous yet mutable, and unknown yet physical, matter may be an entity (eg Chaos is both an entity but also not).

My point being one cannot simply apply logic to this text, it is very much a work of creative and imaginative abstraction.

Also many of the allusions meant something completely different during that period; when referring to something it may be an allusion to something classical (Greek) or a feeling (the colour black had various meanings not all of them negative) and of course a great deal of the text was metaphorical, referring to political aspects apparent during that period.

For instance demons were described to fly like bees - an in joke about the church….

Fascinating…

IMPHO I believe the quote is effectively saying is that parasite (our universe) hangs as from a golden chain (also transformed a golden staircase - which is retractable), the reference to the moon is to indicate that in comparison to the heavens which were the source of Devine light, our paradise looked like a star, in comparison to heaven - if heaven was the moon.

Eg you look to the sky and see the moon the brightest object in the night sky, a star beside it would be bright but not so brilliant.

You also have to take account that in the book there is no other source of illumination outside of our universe, except heaven, everything is in absolute darkness, not even the darkness is illuminated by heavens light.

So paradise hangs as if from a golden chain, like a star in comparison to the brilliance of the moon, of the walls of heaven, the most brightest thing to behold.

Raxxla is as brilliant like a star but in comparison to other stars about it does not equal them?

“This Pendent World”: The Cosmos of Paradise Lost
At the end of his long journey from hell through chaos, Satan arrives within sight of “the empyreal heaven, extended wide / In circuit” (2.1047–48) and sees “fast by hanging in a golden chain / This pendent world” (2.1051–52). As...
link.springer.com

Source: https://youtu.be/L1v7hXEQhsQ
Last edited: Aug 7, 2023
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas, Darrack, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person