Jorki Rasalas
Sep 10, 2023
#31,562
Rochester said:
Pondering the section within M Brookes book ‘Legacy’ which FD replicated in the memorial beacons, and which I suspect hold some similarity with Trinkets of Hidden Fortune…

‘For centuries there was a spacer tradition that if a body couldn’t be recovered, then an empty coffin would be filled with small tokens by those attending. The coffin soon filled with patches, glasses and a whole range of small items which provided some connection between the mourner and Hammer’

‘At the suggestion of the engineering chief, a cargo pod was transformed into an oversized coffin. The mementoes all fitted inside and a memorial plaque laser-etched into the surface. Lina wept openly as the pod launched into space’ - Michael Brookes Elite Legacy.

Now the pod was jettisoned in Artemis, but with the proliferation in game of Celtic references, and this being a very unique burial theme, I wonder if this tradition had a particular origin?

It also feels to that such references do pull particular focus upon Legacy. With this in mind, it too falls into likelihood, it may be the same book as the ‘children’s story’ alluded to in the Codex, simply due to the existence of various descriptions:

’

‘

‘’

‘‘ - Michael Brookes Elite Legacy.

(*)

In the absence of any other book without so many oddities and links to extrapolate from, what references could be pulled from Legacy?

I’ve re-read Legacy, and it does seem evident there’s a link involvement related to Artemis, Hecate and Demeter. An obvious ‘leap’ from there ought to be Persephone… but where from there?

There are a number of systems in the Lost Reslms with links to Persephone, especially a few with bodies, factions and a persistent NPC?

Something is missing here, there’s nothing necessarily in Persephone that’s glaringly obvious, so what else could there be the ‘Legacy’ what else could it hold - or does this collectively just take us the area of the ‘lost realms’.

Currently not in game, but when next available I may just try and grind my way through every system in that area… but I’m sure there’s something more we’re missing which ought to refine our search.
Couple of thoughts...

While Legacy clearly isn't the book about a “young man’s quest to save a princess from an alien dragon”, I think it is extremely likely that MB wrote it to provide clues to Raxxla questors. The description of Hammer just makes me think he was based on MB himself! One thing that nobody has suggested-perhaps Raxxla (or rather the Omphalos Rift device to take us there) is contained within a floating cargo container? That would make sense of the burial scene of Legacy and the description of Trinkets of Hidden Fortune-“these trinkets have a much more valuable prize hidden within”...but just one specific cargo container rather than them all!

Now the other thing we have is the extensive tattoo which MB had, which clearly depicts a journey through the Underworld to Paradise. He said it was for a forthcoming (but apparently never written) book “The Space Between” which IIRC would be loosely based on a mix of HP Lovecraft and John Milton mythology. The game codex clearly hints at mythological references and an Underworld and @Rochester has identified many of those in-game. That tattoo must have been a very painful experience, and it was done over several sessions, so it clearly meant a lot to him, yet that book was not written? I am sceptical of its existence. He had plenty of time to write and publish it....

So what if the tattoo was another hint to Raxxla and was meant to be interpreted in conjunction with Legacy and the codex?

@Rochester I couldnt open the spoilers in your recent post for some reason (probably my ageing iPad).
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester