Edelgard von Rhein
E
Sep 10, 2023
#31,570
Rochester said:
Yes I totally agree. There are a large number of discrepancies in the book that don’t align with the game.

Eg: ‘Bring up the Beaumont insurrection from 3294. A map of a star system appeared from the holo-projector. The Beaumont system was a frontier world far below Achenar’ - Michael Brookes Elite Legacy

An initial search shows no system named Beaumont in game, interestingly it’s French for beautiful mountain - coincidence?

Generally my hypothesis is based upon only the presumption Brookes established the location of Raxxla at the same point of writing the book. It’s possible it’s actually a red-herring because certain points in the codex sound like they cast doubt on these rumours.

...SNIP...
The Milky Way as it is now in-game did not exist until the procedural generation received its final modification to create what became the gamma build, which debuted a couple of weeks prior to the game's full release in December 2014. It was not until then that players could explore the Milky Way, having previously been confined to the beta 'pill' that excluded many key systems.

It is possible to make 'overrides' for systems to change what is in them but I don't know if it is possible to add a system in a given place. When TRAPPIST-1 was implemented after Earth-sized (presumably) rocky worlds were discovered there, an existing system that the procedural generation had placed in almost exactly that location was modified to better represent what was found (very optimistically!).

The clues that have been laid down by naming of systems in a coherent manner, along with some bodies within them, could have been planned well in advance but, if my understanding is correct, the final implementation would have depended upon utilising assets that the procedural generation had placed, with carefully-chosen handcrafted elements (e.g. making certain planets Earth-like Worlds) and possibly reworking some systems completely (although Sol was apparently a lot of work, so something like the Avalon system, which has few bodies, would be easier for one person to do).

Therefore, I suspect that the planning phase would have allowed for Raxxla to be placed anywhere in the lost realms region but that the final location could not have been known when Elite: Legacy was written.

The final location chosen may well have depended upon picking a system matching certain criteria, like having a bright star appear close on the skybox to Andromeda or another visual navigation marker. Clues from the Codex or events in-game (e.g. Jaques mis-jump) would have been laid with the knowledge that Raxxla was in a particular location, so may lead to a more precise location. In-game searching of a system is likely to be the only way that such a navigational clue can be seen - you can't see the skybox of each system in EDSM!
Reactions:
El Saico and Rochester