Allen Stroud
Jun 11, 2023
#30,640
Jorki Rasalas said:
Thanks Allen!

Edit
I think the problem is that I (& I suspect many others) have from the outset viewed the game plus books as a single “multimedia experience” & so expected them all to be congruent and canonical. I am getting the message that is not the case, with only the game as canon and the novels as “flavourful entertainment”, intended perhaps to expand the game experience but not to define it.
Define it however you choose. I wouldn't describe the relationship that way though. "flavourful entertainment" sounds a bit too much like "fluff" for me.

Every major SF franchise has a different relationship between texts. Star Trek is particularly interesting with many of the earlier novels completely caveated out of the continuity, but providing more stories about characters, etc.

Elite Dangerous is not like that. There have been many critical readings of the books looking for clues to Raxxla. I am sure (the late Michael Brookes aside) every writer would love their book to be the pathway to Raxxla. But ultimately, these are writers who have a finite story to tell in the pages of their novel or other official text. The limitations on each story during the approval process were, in part, to prevent engineering debt in the game design. For example, I have an old Krait and old Vipers in my story, the latter are described as 'coffin rockets' which gives an indication as to why they were decomissioned. These elements were accepted because they added to the general story and didn't require Frontier to create these ships. The new versions (in game) weren't announced when my book was finalised.

By all means, investigate the books for clues. But, if those clues lead to Raxxla, it is because someone at Frontier made a decision to connect the narrative of the game to the narrative of one of the books, not because the author (writer of the book) encoded it there.

With regards to Michael. He wrote two SF novels during that period. His preferred one was the non Elite novel, Sun Dragon. The approval process for Elite: Legacy occurred some time after the rest of the books (I'm pretty sure he and David Braben dealt with that). It doesn't really contain what many of us believed he was going to write - the actual sequel to The Dark Wheel.
Reactions:
simulacrae, Darrack, yelboc and 3 others