Louis Calvert
Dec 23, 2023
#32,728
selbie said:
The Landscape / Siren Signal is revealing even more secrets...

A repetitive sound akin to a heartbeat can be picked up in the low frequency range of the signal. Once you delete the audio above 200Hz and focus on the deep hum you start to hear something repetitive amongst the rumbling static. Once I filtered out this noise it showed clear as day there is a repeating sound buried in there.

View attachment 379101

My heavy bias is hearing a heartbeat pulsating sound. Naturally this can only be heard once you speed up the audio by about 2x - 3x which I want to say links it to my time dilation theory, but regardless of what is causing it, there is clear evidence now that it is something regular and cyclical. You can also see it takes around 20 seconds to build up to its full strength (around the 2nd 'A' shape).

The first time I cleared up the noise I genuinely felt a shudder of excitement hearing it. I know it was just my mind playing tricks on me, but there was also a sense that this could be more real than just a faint breath amongst the sirens and static. This thing might have a heartbeat!
Click to expand...
This is cool What are you going to try next? I don't know if you're working off Canonn's recording or you're out here too, but if you want any specific recordings made give me a shout.

Got me thinking: I'm curious if you removed the normal background sound of the universe?

I'm at the source of the Landscape Signal, so I've been able to record audio from all directions, the Galaxy itself has a 'default sound' that pulses in slow waves. To me it sounds a lot like the 'spooky' sound from 2001, a long chior-like droning hum that sort of curl around each other, plus a lot of static and random noises. If you record straight "up" or "down" relative to the plane of the Galaxy there's significantly less signal distortion, but it's got the same sort of base structure.

In the example below the top two rows (A) are the Landscape signal recorded from Stuemeae GG-Y C4801 looking towards Stuemeae JM-W C1-5825 (where Canonn claim the signal is very close to). The bottom two rows (B) are looking in the exact opposite direction, which from this perspective means it's "up" at about 30degrees relative to the plane of the galaxy. The next two rows (C) are looking towards Sgr A* (about 12ly away). The next two (H) are looking directly "north" along the Galactic plane. H is basically the same as you see looking in any cardinal direction along the plane when the Landscape Signal isn't in the way.

SPOILER: SPECTROGRAM IMAGES



If you zoom out on the recordings (I record each for about 10 mins), you can see this regular rhythm pulse. Below are the same as before, A,B,C,H but now you can see all 10mins or so at once. B and C ("up" and "centre/East-ish") are very similar, whereas H ("north") has a lot more signal noise - presumably from all the stars and dust and junk. A is even more noisy, but those large blue peaks are the Landscape Signal and the more intense pinky areas included the singing, which you can see overlays the more 'normal galaxy sounds' and bridges a lot of gaps (which is why you can hear it).

SPOILER: SPECTROGRAM GALACTIC "PULSES"



So... I'm wondering what would happen if you (somehow) removed the 'normal' galactic sound from the Landscape signal. Like... minus H from A here, what's left should be the 'pure' landscape signal (or at least the bits that aren't mushed together with the normal sound?

I wonder what would be left over?
Reactions:
selbie