Rochester
Dec 24, 2023
#32,738
Philip Coutts said:
Michael's choice of words is interesting in particular "Journey". For me that adds to the potential that no-one has visited the system where Raxxla is by accident as per the persistent rumour. I definitely think you have to make some kind of journey, following a path of clues to get there rather than just accidentally stumbling on it.

Sadly I believe much of what was promoted historically, has supposedly lost much of its context since we know from confirmation, that the DW missions were bugged, because case in point Brookes identified they ought not to have spawned everywhere, only close to Shinrarta Dezhra.

Then FD removed those said missions, completely.

I believe any previous references to any ‘journey’ made during that time was potentially a portent for a directed route. The logical, simplistic and ‘obvious’ conclusion ought to have been via those missions.

David Braben of FD did say generally (not in relation to Raxxla) “we got it wrong” - ‘“There are missions out there I know almost no players have seen,” he said. “But we haven’t communicated it properly. There’s so much in there, and what we see from play patterns is that many do the same thing over and over. In that cycle, they just don’t get to see some of the variation. I’m not blaming players. We got it wrong.”

A journey is an act of travelling from one place to another; if one does not have directions one is roaming; to go from place to place without purpose or direction.

Ergo Brookes indication of a journey I believe, identified there was a direction at that time.

The definition of a direction can be identified either through the use of prominent landmarks, waypoints on a map or instructions from another person or source of information or in our case ‘missions’.

If the directions were part of the DW missions system then FD had deliberately deleted those directions. Unless it’s very obvious and it’s linked to the landscape signal, an aspect not promoted anywhere by FD.

The Codex which came later, is an allegorical text that paints various references. These I suspect describe an abstraction of those original directions.

The most obvious parts I feel have been decrypted, namely Cora comes home and Prestor John, which I believe direct us to the zone filled with references to Robert Holdstock… directionally I cant currently link the signal, except for the journey of Jacques… otherwise everything seems to focus inside the bubble?

Either way, I would advocate that when we talk of any historical statements, we try and reiterate they are in the past-tense, and whose context may no longer be relevant and as such no longer be reliable.
Last edited: Dec 25, 2023
Reactions:
Darrack, Edelgard von Rhein and Philip Coutts