Allen Stroud
Oct 28, 2022
#27,557
Andrew Gaspurr said:
Hello Allan,

I really appreciate you taking an active part (again) and taking your time to explain important concepts like canon, retcons and primary text work to us ED zealots.
I think more often than not, we (sorry, for the generalisation) just "want" old stuff to be true in ED also and therefore start constructing our ideas in a way that makes it all plausible for us. It's good to have some grounding every once in a while.
No worries. Nice to have an Elite 'thing' to drop into occasionally that isn't too taxing. My life has moved on, but I do like to stay on the edge of stuff.
Andrew Gaspurr said:
I have often wondered if anybody at Frontier does have any idea about what TDW or Raxxla should or could actually be. When you say "it's in the game" it's true, because we actually place it there with all our theories. But I doubt Frontier actually designed a "Raxxla entity" for the game because they just don't know what it would be or look like in the context of the game.

Well, Michael did say it was in game. If you are musing about the collective knowledge of the current team, I'm not sure. I do occasionally see some story ideas appear that are clearly well researched and coming from prior knowledge, but then I also see some ideas that clearly aren't and that muddle the aesthetic and aim that was discussed way back.
Andrew Gaspurr said:
Sometimes I also wonder if it's about royalties Frontier would have to pay if they expanded on Holdstock's ideas so they just keep baiting players with the illusion that there will be something happening.

Again, in all this mess it's encouraging and very welcome to see you writing in here, so many thanks for that.
I doubt very much this is an issue. It continues to fascinate me that Holdstock's work on Elite is remembered so profoundly by Elite players and pretty much ignored and forgotten by anyone outside of that community. I recently discussed some of this with Paul Kincaid, who has written critical studies on Christopher Priest, Iain Banks and Brian Aldiss. He's just done (September 2022) a book on Holdstock's Mythago Wood, the novel he is most well known for. I would expect The Dark Wheel novella was a 'work for hire' as it was included for free. In fact, the British Science Fiction Association has a Holdstock novella that was donated to us for free as well. There are no issues with that, so I would think the same situation applies.
Last edited: Oct 28, 2022
Reactions:
Andrew Gaspurr, Han_Zen, Zieman and 2 others