Andrew Gaspurr
Oct 28, 2022
#27,556
Allen Stroud said:
A variety of different canons approach consistency and story in different ways.

(...)

So, the Elite Dangerous narrative.

The game is the primary text. Any official text endorsed as being official, derives from the game. The game is the main source.

Previous games should be viewed through the current game first. So, any valid links and connections will appear in E: D. If they are connected to anything else () that's great, but you can't substitute as a primary text because it isn't.

If you scratch at the narrative of looking to see a consistent timeline and background through the lore of all the games, interchanging the primary text as you do so, you'll find anomalies. The temptation is to creatively reconcile them, but recognise that by doing that, you're creating your own canon, not anyone else's.

My advice is to accept that is the primary text. Once I do, then seeing links from previous sources (for me) becomes a pleasurable experience in nostalgia. It also allows for the changes that have been made to not become a jarring issue for me when following ideas in that narrative.
Click to expand...
Hello Allan,

I really appreciate you taking an active part (again) and taking your time to explain important concepts like canon, retcons and primary text work to us ED zealots.
I think more often than not, we (sorry, for the generalisation) just "want" old stuff to be true in ED also and therefore start constructing our ideas in a way that makes it all plausible for us. It's good to have some grounding every once in a while.

I have often wondered if anybody at Frontier does have any idea about what TDW or Raxxla should or could actually be. When you say "it's in the game" it's true, because we actually place it there with all our theories. But I doubt Frontier actually designed a "Raxxla entity" for the game because they just don't know what it would be or look like in the context of the game.

Sometimes I also wonder if it's about royalties Frontier would have to pay if they expanded on Holdstock's ideas so they just keep baiting players with the illusion that there will be something happening.

Again, in all this mess it's encouraging and very welcome to see you writing in here, so many thanks for that.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian