Jorki Rasalas
Jan 9, 2020
#14,563
Vetinari said:
Ive heard both versions as well, wish there was a definitive answer from fdev or someone but I probably will never know the truth.

I was too late to that party so even that info is confusing as Im not sure what happened, how it was reported or what the lore about it should be. I do wonder how much info fdev is expecting us to find as new players about the game and where it is now and why or whether they re-refer to anything important (permanent record in the codex and certain logs in Archives) theres no way to go back to day 1 in GalNet in game for example to see all the background stories about Halsey. to me they are a non-entity in my game, they mean nothing to me. Should they? (rhetorical question for fdev maybe)

A lot of it comes down to, what journey/game is fdev expecting me to have and do they have the same 'input' today as in the first few months or years when a lot of the galaxy was being written seemingly with the players direct experience in mind? Or is that a mis-perception of a newer player hearing all the stories of the old days and hunts and chases across the galaxy? Blaze your own trail, yes, but how much are you wanting me to do certain things, you encourage me to visit thagoid space and sites via Felicity Farseer, Guardian through Ram Tah, Colonia even through the Codex and Engineers. Nothing so far points me to any gameplay history, no signpost to Tionisla or Salome or Halsey for example, or am I missing them? What story journey am I expected to be on compared to a player 3 years ago? Do certain things just happen and not need remembering and others need every new player to be more aware of for some reason, maybe just gameplay not role-play? I don't know but I have become comfortably numb.
Click to expand...

Well, I wasn’t in from the start either, only started playing November 2015. When I started I thought what a wonderful new experience, with books to read linked to events in-game, with daily galnet news to keep it running smoothly and hint at underlying stories for us to explore, then that last hypothesis seemed to fail...

But have a sneaking suspicion that an analysis of the books might reveal somethings in-game...

It sounds like you’re expecting a linear narrative & I don‘t think that is the basis for everyday play. The Tourist Beacons relating to Salomé and Rebecca are still in-game, the book Elite:Reclamation that started that storyline and the related galnet posts as it progressed are available as historical records (e.g. http://ed.frank-heinrich.net/index.php?title=Main_Page), but that particular linear storyline has ended. However I think FD have designed the game for non-linear play, and the “personal journey” that MB referred to is just that, so the journey to find Raxxla will depend on your own actions & nobody else's; their other linear storyline is the “overarching 10-year plan” one that was disclosed by some livestreamer after a visit to FD- the clash with Thargoids will have a skirmish phase, then a full blown war (I expect with the major release this year when we will encounter swarms of them on the ground) which they will win and humanity will be pushed out of the bubble and the game will turn into a guerilla warfare campaign to regain lost territory.. But I think that this is where the removal of frequent galnet posts has detracted from game immersion- we don’t actually know anymore what (if anything) is going on anywhere.

I think you hit the nail on the head a couple of posts back (https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8233304) ; there are only a few ways of achieving/affecting things in-game. Hence the path to find Raxxla (& TDW station) must somehow involve a sequence of those. The problem is that the codex “clues” (if they actually are clues) are so ambiguous.

There clearly are still things to discover in-game. We know from old release notes that a permit-locked system (Witch’s Reach, unknown permit, zero population) was updated to include military convoys, so there must be some gameplay relevant to that. In the past military convoys were related to UAs, so has this gameplay been retconned or does it still exist in-game? How can we obtain a permit for a system with no population, hence no factions? Unless the permit is somehow obtainable from Pilots Federation... Witch’s Reach has a red subdwarf and a single planet that might match the picture in TDW codex entry. Is the aforementioned military convoy related to TDW?

Edit: and I’m sure someone from FD said the old Elite/Founder missions (that we assumed related to Raxxla) were still in-game. Have they been revamped and merged into the updated mission scheme, so they are no longer highlighted as such?
Last edited: Jan 9, 2020
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, simulacrae, Han_Zen and 1 other person