Jorki Rasalas
Apr 18, 2023
#30,045
Macros Black said:
Link please.
Edit: For the summary...
Cant find the post, so Here!

Raxxla-everything we know
All we know about Raxxla (everything else is supposition!):

FD quotes

(DB) Drew Wagar reported “ I talked with David Braben at bar after an award ceremony. I asked him "Is Raxxla in the game?"

He answered with "Yes. And we know where it is." (I assumed the "we" meant Frontier Developments).”

It was Tuesday the 8th July 2014 at about 7pm David Braben was giving his presentation which was called "My other car's a Cobra Mk3." at the Bafta Games Showcase (building was near Piccadilly in London):

A variant on this:
(DB) Raxxla...? Well - "It exists, we know where it is and we know why people haven't been able to find it..."
forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-day-i-met-david-braben.25158/post-536632



(MB) “It’s in the Milky Way” and “you have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious so people know what they’re doing”

Q: founder's world name?...Shinrarta Dezhra... I'm a tiny little bit disappointed they didn't call it Raxxla - A: (MB) “Raxxla is something different”

(MB) “FD did look at a story involving Raxxla, but felt that was a story that should be played out in game rather than as a novel”

(MB) “It’s something in the game world (not text) and very hard to find”

(MB) “It’s not a random thing”

(MB) “Anyone can find it, and more than once”

(Allen Stroud) “it is a topic within the Alien lore book” that we have no insight into

(DB) Does Raxxla exist? There’s an interesting one. What a silly question, of course....You don’t know what it is though!
On second thoughts that might be differently punctuated...
(DB) Does Raxxla exist? There’s an interesting one, what a silly question! Of course! You don’t know what it is though!


Raxxla Codex entry

"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!"

- Alleged toast of the Dark Wheel

The legend of Raxxla has been circulating, in whispers, for centuries. The quest for this mysterious place, the location of which is a deadly secret, was said to be the principal aim of the Dark Wheel, a putative fraternity of legend-chasers from the early days of interstellar travel.

The earliest recorded mention of Raxxla dates from 2296, from the journal of Art Tornqvist, a shipboard mechanic based in the Tau Ceti system. He writes: 'Cora comes home soused and raving with wild stories, a new one every night. She claims she's found a map to some pirate stash, and all I have to do is loan her my ship so we can go dig it up. Maybe we should go find Raxxla while we're at it!' Although Tornqvist's account is the first known attestation of Raxxla, it is clear from the text that the myth was already in circulation.

It is extremely difficult to find consistency among the various fragmentary rumours of Raxxla. Much like the ancient myths of Atlantis, El Dorado and the kingdom of Prester John, interpretations of the story range from the sceptical to the outlandish: Raxxla has been suggested to be anything from an unremarkable moon to a state of cosmic enlightenment. The earliest documented stories tend to agree on several points, however: that Raxxla is a definite place and that it holds a mystical secret.

Several versions of the Raxxla story mention an alien artefact, the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed. These details, however, were later shown to bear a striking resemblance to the children's story Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars, and soon lost credibility. Undaunted, some Raxxla seekers insisted that the story's author had cunningly concealed facts about the mysterious locale in his book as hints for those with eyes to see.

Students of Raxxla lore have noted that the legend exerts a strangely potent fascination on the minds of seekers. Commentators have compared this sensation to 'fernweh'. the unaccountable longing for a place one has never seen. More than one interstellar treasure-seeker has become obsessed with Raxxla to the exclusion of all other dreams, and spent his or her entire life in a futile search for it.

Raxxla also plays a role in several conspiracy theories, most of which attest that it has already been discovered by some kind of sinister cabal (or sole tyrant), which has leveraged its power to establish covert dominance over humanity.

Whatever the truth of the matter, one thing remains irrefutable: the legend of Raxxla continues to inspire explorers and conspiracy theorists to this day.

Logo

Last edited: Apr 19, 2023
Reactions:
BluWolve, Lac, Macros Black and 3 others