simulacrae
Apr 3, 2021
#22,633
Vetinari said:
Cant find it, maybe archived. Not under Allen Stroud or Thargod or Thargoid123 anyway. Hope you have better luck.

All - remember DW wrote the whole Zuara mystery and doesnt know where Raxxla is, but almost certainly added some tinfoil to mean it could be read as linked to Raxxla somehow, misdirection or just good writing to create mystery. It was more about the Club's previous solution to the Thargoid Invasion before FSD iirc and to build into the bigger plot about the next Thargoid Invasion which may have been postponed (out of his control, it was written in good faith at the time). Follow his Lore Tour and youll see hes not even certain anymore what has been left in and what has been retconned or postponed or chucked out completely. And that Tour was in the middle of the GalNet strike so it may have changed again....as in the Thargs may be back in 2 years and its back on course or it may be something else entirely now.

Found it (in part of a Q/A), Sounds like he is saying it was true at time of writing .... however......

The second scene on the Behemoth confirms the FFE main storyline and that the Dark Wheel didn't find Raxxla.

WHILE AT THE TIME OF WRITING THIS WAS TRUE AS PER INFORMATION PROVIDED BY FD, THE FIRST ENCOUNTERS STORYLINE WAS LATER REDACTED.

https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threa...heel-may-contain-spoilers.402645/post-6366667

I also found the remains of his old website https://www.andherethewheel.co.nz/the-novel/ in the WaybackMachine....
He added a section on lore that would have loved to have seen - But sadly a copy was never archived....

Lore

I developed a lot of backstory during the process of writing ‘And Here The Wheel’ Much of it would have appeared in an appendices to the novel, but this hasn’t happened and I am now making some of it available here:
New Aderdeen – Homeworld of Protagonist Robert Garry
Skardree IV – Desert World
Tarlac – Trash Planet.
Click to expand...
Reactions:
Vetinari and clavain