Cunder
C
Dec 21, 2019
#14,279
Has anyone here discuss the certain similarities of both codex for instance it claims that both Raxxla and the Dark Wheel existed at the same time in the very early times of interstellar travel? Which in some sense in a short amount of time they both simultaneously were brought up as if they were one entity of information.

So 2100's was the year interstellar travel was establish and humanity started exploring the Sol system at the same time. By 2150's Tau Ceti was the first established human colony outside Sol. Followed by Altair, Beta Hydri, and Delta Provanis as humanity started spread fast making Feds take action of rapid migration leaving alien life extinct in the process.

2296 was the earliest recorded talks of Raxxla which describe it so far as a myth but for the Dark Wheel are considered unknown organization still hiding in the void of space with no indefinite source of creditable information other "here say" other then established so called Dark Wheel in Shinrarta Dezhra and LFT 926 (which I don't understand why this system is never mention) are possibly fakes implemented by the Circle to control and intercept possible real Dark Wheel candidates.

by this time Mars was already Terraformed for the 2nd time with success. A short amount of time an alien relic found and possibly in the hands of the earliest known Feds Galnet didn't exist then mostly we are getting half truths based on they can't erase the truth of Beacon that got established sharing such information.

Real question was did the Feds of that time look to reverse engineer the tech by a 3rd party tech corporation which imo is possible. Seem like their is a gap in the timeline some where that fits everything together.

Edit: Also forgot to mention between the time of the birth of interstellar travel and the colonization of humanities of the mention systems. Probes were made using the new hyperspace tech to find more planets.
Last edited: Dec 21, 2019
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420