Noobilite
Dec 21, 2019
#14,280
I think TDW was originally stuck in SD but players managed to get them out to LFT 926 via player actions. That is why it is never mentioned outside of SD. That is part of why it may be seen as mysterious in relationship to the whole EFP owning the mysterious location of SD itself hidden via misdirection according to the SD tourist beacons. TDW was completely concealed until player action got them out. This possibly gives more signifigance to the stuff in the SD tourist beacons about TDW given the wording of both it and surrounding information.

The codex information probably is from a standpoint of it being in a hidden PF locked location. That makes the information make more sense potentially.

Compare the name of the beacon like THE ELITE and other uses of elite and other words in the game to the information inside. I think they are carefully choosing words to give hints. Those tourist beacons seem to be strongly suggesting things. Compare to the pre elite 1984 references to Raxxla in the original art books. They seem to have taken those qualities and split them up between several faction or part of factions. there also seems to be a strong use of inside vs outside information. We are all on the inside. The information is often stated from the outside. Is TDW the dark wheel or is the true PF the Dark Wheel... The use of words describing either EFP or PF are similar to the original definitions of PF and seem to be hinting at something. The description of the Dark Wheel seem to fit the financial information and other aspects of the Federation of Pilots. The wording is very peculiar and is purposely similar for one reason or another. Might be remembering details in a fuzzy manner though. They describe both the PF EFP and TDW in quite good detail in those beacons. Still not sure how much the other beacons describe. I don't have enough of them to find important details that might go into this. The more the better though as it may widdle out possibilities or help connect important things to give details. I'm in the opinion they simply added things in a way we have to put work into obtaining at this point to find out. That is why they simplified things like beacon information and gave us the archives etc. Those are the hints. Anything given to us as a mechanic we should probably follow.
Last edited: Dec 21, 2019
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420