Cmdr Shijima
Mar 22, 2018
#2,003
Thanks for the responses guys. I realise now I should have asked this simple question about the emblem BEFORE embarking on an insane journey of tin-foilery the likes of which the galaxy has never before seen! Would have saved myself some wasted time, but I enjoyed the fun of chasing possible leads, even if it's obvious now that they can't possibly be true (although it's the kind of way the hunt for Raxxla SHOULD happen, imho).

To briefly summarise for the curious, I was toying with the idea of the emblem containing clues to the possible location of Raxxla, if we are to assume TDW knew it's approx. (or definite) location. After all, it seemed significant to me that Salome wore it about her person (not knowing then what I do now). I pursued two main avenues of investigation: one pertained to the emblem being an overlay on the galaxy map (fig. 1 below) as the three circles seemed significant and suggested to me a system with three stars of descending size or class. You could play around with scaling and rotating the emblem to fit the galmap in various ways but I figured that where the three circles lay corresponded to the region of interest (in the example, out near "The Ascendance" or even "Viatori Patuit" depending on scaling used). I did also consider this was supposed to symbolise Shinrarta Dezhra as home of TDW, but I believe that only has two stars in the system. Equally I wondered if the nature of the concentric circles were supposed to represent different arms of the galaxy, to inform the correct scaling and rotation. Ah well...

fig. 1
SPOILER

My second idea, which I had a lot more fun with, was that the ouroboros was representing the constellation Draconis and where the dragon's legs touch the three circles is where in the constellation Raxxla could possibly be located. I compiled a list of reference sites for the stars of the constellation and was pleasantly surprised to find that most of them exist in Elite (e.g. Thuban, Etamin, etc) even though the constellation itself does not appear to. I also considered the three circles could relate to magnitude of stars in the constellation, but that seemed more tenuous (ha!). Anyway, I won't bore you with an exhaustive account of my investigations, suffice to say there were candidates I would have explored that seemed to be conveniently located somewhat outside the bubble ("obfuscated on the outer rim"). I went very far down a rabbit hole on this one, investigating Greek legends and ancient myths relating to the ouroboros, Draconis, star names and even why Thuban was the pole star in ancient Egyptian times.

The Egyptian connection was particularly intriguing for a short while because the great pyramid points to Thuban on the North side and Orion's belt on the South side:
SPOILER

Incidentally, I did come across the possible source for the ouroboros used in the emblem on my travels, hehe:

SPOILER

Of course, I do feel slightly stupid about all this now (see first line again); I just wanted to feel a part of something in this game. I hope you all have a good chuckle at my expense and let it be a lesson to all...

EDIT: I should also add that I have been following the forums for quite a while now but must have either missed or forgotten previous discussions about all this in the FRift threadnaught, sorry! I did also try searching for posts about this previously but nothing obvious was ever returned. The search tools on this forum leave a lot to be desired...
Last edited: Mar 22, 2018
Reactions:
roryclague, Jaiotu and Scytale