Rochester
Oct 20, 2021
#24,558
Cmdr Unknown said:
My two cents...
I get where your trying to go with this but there isn’t enough evidence to support such a diagram.

I agree in principle with many of these assumptions but that’s all what they are.

The probability ratios are pure guesswork and the relationships are not based upon tangible evidence (key findings) they are assumptions.

Because our level of ‘reliable’ evidence is minimal we cant draw many conclusive findings other than what are presented on page 1.

It’s Ok to voice such assumptions, hypothesis, but call them what they are, don’t use a link analysis chart like this, it doesn’t support your assumptions.

I’ve avoided the application of real-world intelligence analysis on this project for some time simply because of the time requirements and sheer level of unsubstantiated evidence.

Such a relationship chart that you have drawn is a good step towards, but you need first to develop a direction, to set yourself at least 3 basic questions which you believe you might be able to answer based upon your available resources, then collect your information into an evidence collection matrix; a huge list of all known facts, and classify them by reliability.

Then you need to undertake a comparative analysis of this matrix; looking for actual real relationships between each bit of information eg similarities which link them together.

Then you can begin to build a relationship diagram.

Then you have to open said evidence to critical thinking; comparing it against other hypothesis, or insight from other people/ experts.

Then and only then can you draw an assessment using a matrix of probability (eg % of possibility of being true; hint nothing is ever 100% and maybes are a 50%) and then provide recommendations and develop assumptions.

I’m not dissing your work, just a few little helpful insights… you look like you can handle it and maybe you have the time to do it; here’s a few pointers online (not definitive): https://www.app.college.police.uk/app-content/intelligence-management/intelligence-cycle/

Personally this is how I came up with some of my wilder assumptions; but I did them all in my head not on paper (because it’s kinda fun and as I pointed out I’m not taking this too seriously).

I did build 1 link analysis chart around ‘Acadia’ before I hit a wall and realised the information was too unreliable and couldn’t be corroborated.

Truth is any intelligence product could present an answer, but to back it up we need evidence.

I also go off my experience (which I won’t go into here), but there’s a saying which goes something like ‘this intel smells’ which basically translates as - something is not right here (not enough reliable evidence, too much conjecture / possible counter intelligence) which immediately makes me biased - hence my slant towards it being narrative locked - or behind Polaris but still that’s inconclusive I have no evidence other than guesswork.

I may be drinking wine…

This is tin-foil, so anything goes here, no one is wrong. It’s critical thinking with a creative slant, a bit like jazz.

O7

Source: https://giphy.com/gifs/reactiongifs-nice-LCdix2ZGzI2ty
Last edited: Oct 20, 2021
Reactions:
Macros Black, Felix DiCestria, Emperor and 3 others