Merlin StWahgwaan
Mar 11, 2022
#25,614
Unfortunately at this point I also agree Raxxla has been narrative locked and will be Odyssey only content.... Unfortunately -_-"

It's somthing I've been worried about since ED officially said space legs were coming with Odyssey..... though I was hopeful that Odyssey was coming to Xbox One and PS4 as we were basically led to believe until yesterday, so wasn't too concerned about the loss of not being able to find it until the content came....

Anyways... hear me out, I'll try to explain my horrible theory that I hate that might be true...

If we make the assumption, based on the codex entries being added at the same time, that the DW and Raxxla 'narratives' are at the very least, connected in some way, especially since they reference each other... then we can make some more assumptions... (one big one that kinda has to be made for this to work, is the DW have indeed found Raxxla/know how to locate it when needed/have a massive clue required, but this is the only shaky part)

If we assume the DW is a required link to Raxxla narratives, then we have the Odyssey problem....

It's been recently discussed and 'confirmed' the DW station is not/has not been, in game, thus far... Well.... If the DW Station, specifically, is required to continue the Raxxla narrative... and the station has not been ingame, there are 2 fair assumptions we can make.
1) Raxxla, even if in game, is inaccessible due to narrative lock of DW Station not in game, or is only accessible thru the complete randomness of stumbling upon it with the correct requirements met, but no direct clues are available without the DW station, so effectively its inaccessible
2) DW Station has not been in game BECAUSE of the lore that goes with it. The Station requires Odyssey and Space Legs. The lore says they have artifacts that can be examined to proove the DW are the real DW, since the first time I read that, I've believed space legs would be required to do it... how else other than random stuff floating in orbit around or inside a station, or just sitting on the surface of a planet out in the open, could you have inspectable artifacts, if not on foot with Odyssey within a Station?

So, if the DW Station isn't in game because of the need for Odyssey, then Raxxla as well would be locked to that game fork. ALTHOUGH, once the narrative is played out in the player base, it could be possible to make the Odyssey walking in station part not required and just getting to the station in Horizons, being enough. But I think, I feel like, Fdev have decided to lock, atleast the initial discovery of, the DW and Raxxla to Odyssey due to the lore associated with them....

But anyways, it could be very possible that pre-Odyssey may not get access ever to the DW and Raxxla narratives if this is all true....which it's looking more and more like it might be...
Last edited: Mar 11, 2022
Reactions:
Adel