Jorki Rasalas
Mar 11, 2022
#25,613
Yes, it was leaked years ago that the 10 year game plan was for goids to invade & take over the bubble, humanity would flee and have to fight a guerrilla war against them. The Dynasty plot was part & parcel of that, as is the Colonia bridge which has just been finished-after a protracted delay (we’re now 6 years in!). So I guess FD really had to drop the thing that was delaying everything, else the whole game would come to a grinding halt. Clearly fighting goids on foot is to be a big part of that war (though I’m a bit concerned if Horizons is to be dropped/wont get content updates & EDO is not yet a finished product).

But I really dont think TDW or Raxxla are part of that storyline. I still think Raxxla is Guardian, either one of their ark ships or an AI construct. I definitely think one of them is behind the Pilot’s Federation. We know the several cliques of PF are a thing-think Rochester proved that in a response from Customer Support that the different spellings are not a bug. So how do we get Allied with the other factions?

1 Pilots Federation Local Branch -PFDemocracy 0 controlled stations 0 controlled systems. Davanix reported he got Allied after combat in the Jupiter Rochester HIP 54530 CG. Other CG support perhaps?

2 Pilots’ Federation Administration - PFCorporate 5 systems 7 stations Otegine/Aldrich, Matet/Coelho, Dromi/Mawson+Dimery+Aitkins, Sharur/Archias, Orna/ Fuzong however all these systems need Pilot’s Federation permit-newbies area!! Recently implemented so unlikely to be relevant?

3 Pilots’ Federation Local Branch - PFDemocracy 0 stations 0 systems - in ShinDez & I’m Allied by running missions for the faction at Jameson Memorial

4 PilotsFederation - no detail! -I’m allied via rescue missions & Thargoid kills 0 stations 0 systems

5 The Pilots Federation - IndependentDemocracy 0 stations 0 systems Shinrarta Dezhra according to EDSM-but not convinced on that!

So:

Pilots’ Federation (Admin for noobs area, Local for ShinDez & ally by Jameson missions)
PilotsFederation ( ally by killing goids &/or rescueing passengers from damaged stations)

Pilots Federation (Local) - CG?
The Pilots Federation ???

How do we ally with the last two?

Edit: I’m hypothesising that Raxxla access requires all four cliques to be allied... else why have them?
Last edited: Mar 12, 2022
Reactions:
Adel and Rochester