Rochester
Aug 31, 2022
#27,005
Jorki Rasalas said:
Well, all we know is that its in the galaxy, so 400,000,000 systems to search.
We hypothesise that its nearer to Sol, certainly within the human bubble, given the information in the codex and we assume that is (largely) truthful. So if the rumour was fairly quick to disseminate it must be within the range of Achenar (139 ly & founded only 4 years before the rumour first report), so around 10,000 systems within that range. Though some exploration trips might have forged out into the black beyond that range, say three times that range? So a lot more!
That’s ok. But we have never been told what we are looking for! We didnt even know that comets were in game until Michael Brookes told us. And we’ve only just, after 7 years, found a way to locate those!
Now we learn there is another type of object in the galaxy, the possibility of which we were unaware, in fact it seems to have been intentionally hidden from us...
I’m calling foul!

Though I agree the new object does look cool!
Click to expand...
Given that close to launch DB was a verbal exponent of various mechanisms behind exploration as being very, very cool with some really neat aspects (it got me to back the game!) and they’re evident current absence, I presume what has been discovered might not be hidden content but evidence of early code or unfinished business.

In the early days there was a genuine, if upon reflection naive belief that certain mechanisms would be resolved (but not in 9 years!), it’s possible then FD made some early executive decisions prior to launch and just dropped certain elements, focusing as they do, on those things easier to fix, or it was implemented broken and too complex to resolve?

MB certainly confirmed the existence of comets in the code, but I seem to recall within the same instance that they weren’t finished?

Still they exist in game, and are used as gravitational centres for other assets, so they do have a current purpose and I agree are a valid candidate for Raxxla, but I doubt they are intentionally hidden, I presume it simply is an oversight of FD and probably something which would have been fixed if MB was still here.
Last edited: Aug 31, 2022