Jorki Rasalas
Sep 1, 2022
#27,012
I have a page of ipad ED notes on that:

Michael Brookes’ tattoo

It comes from his website: http://thecultofme.blogspot.com/2015_03_01_archive.html

There's Charon on his boat over the Acheron (or Styx) river in front of the door to Hell, Angels playing trumpets over the gates to Heaven.

My eldest son said “It's certainly not the main Cthulhu story, apart from a tentacled thing bottom right. ”

Scytale (former thread participant, provided a labelled/number d pic of the tattoo, his posts should be searchable!) said “Not Cthulhu himself who appears, but Hastur the Unspeakable, jumping out of Carcosa, Aldebaran,with his servant Byaykhees. Some differences between the drawing and the actual tattoo he shows are because it wasn't fully finished when the pic was taken, I think. You can see the St Michael flamigera sword blade not yet drawn. And the trumpet-angel above him is wingless. The keyis on the upper left corner, at the entrance of the Underworld. Where it has to be inserted ? Oh, right ! It isn't on the actual tattoo !”...Hadesis right at his place as King of The Underworld. Not really mixed, as upper left quadrant is Greek, center is Norse, lower right Lovecraftian, upper right is Christian or... what?

serpents lie beneath Yggdrasil: Góinn and Móinn (sons of: Grafvitnir , Grábakr , Grafvölluðr , Ófnir , and Sváfnir?). Three of the roots of the tree support it, and these three roots also extend extremely far: one "is among the Æsir, the second among the frost jötnar, and the third over Niflheim. The root over Niflheim is gnawed at by the wyrm Níðhöggr, and beneath this root is the spring Hvergelmir. Beneath the root that reaches the frost jötnar is the well Mímisbrunnr, "which has wisdom and intelligence contained in it, and the master of the well is called Mimir". the third root of the well "extends to heaven" and that beneath the root is the "very holy" well Urðarbrunnr. every day the Æsir ride to Urðarbrunnr up over the bridge Bifröst.

The conception of the tree rising through a number of worlds is found in northern Eurasia and forms part of the shamanic lore shared by many peoples of this region. This seems to be a very ancient conception, perhaps based on the Pole Star, the centre of the heavens, and the image of the central tree in Scandinavia may have been influenced by it.... Among Siberianshamans, a central tree may be used as a ladder to ascend the heavens. Etz Chaim, Hebrew for "tree of life," is a common term used in Judaism. In the Book of Proverbs, the tree of life is associated with wisdom. In the 2009 video game Uncharted 2: Among Thieves, the tree of life is found within Shambhala; the setting of the game's climax.
Going by Scytale’s numbering (in-game location):

https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8001530

(The artist was Luciana Nedelea. upper left quadrant is Greek, center is Norse, lower right Lovecraftian, upper right is Christian)

Han_Zen https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8002246

said “Michael is Aldebaran, Raphael is Regulus, Uriel is Antares and Gabriel is Fomalhaut”; The four royal stars of Persia. They marked north, south, east and west. Later linked with archangels.

ALSO Omphalos is apparently also a place in Crete, near the Triton river. Infant Zeus supposedly dropped his navel (umbilical cord) there.

Possible in-game locations if this is a depiction of the “personal journey” to Raxxla?
1 Triton, Dis Pater, Orcus, Pluto
2 Charon, Erebus, Lethe
3 Styx, Acheron
4 Tartarus,Sheol
5 Ammutseba, Mbombo, Bumba, Tzitzimitl
6 Nidhogg/Nidhug, Shaikoth
7 ?
8 Lucifer, Carcosa, Cthulhu, Hastur, Byakh,
8a ?
8b ?
8c ?
8d ?
9 Uriel
10 Michael
11 Niohaggr, Nidhug
12 Valkerie, Harpy, Celaeno
13 Odin, Adam, Ask, Wotan
14 Gna, Eve, Embla, Frigg
15 Yggdrasil
16 Phanuel (aka Paniel, Peniel, Penuel, Fanuel, Orfiel, and Orphiel), Aziraphale
17 Alpha Centauri
18 Paradise, Eden
19 Polaris, Proxima Centauri
20 Gabriel

It’s a long time since this hypothesis was lead contender & these notes need to be checked! I may have made some mistakes!!
Last edited: Sep 1, 2022
Reactions:
rOmiLaYu and Rochester