Virtual Yoda
Sep 23, 2024
#34,932
Jorki Rasalas said:
Exactly!
If the signal were intended to represent energy leakage through the Omphalos Rift so that you could locate it and pass through it to Raxxla but you can't locate it to a system (which seems to be the only place we can FSD jump from/to) then it can't be related and is likely just flavour/obfuscation...

The only proviso to that is perhaps if it is "located" in hyperspace and you need to pass through it by jumping between systems either side of it...
Oops. just thought if another proviso - the player journal file permits a system to be constructed from a main star plus optional other bodies. And section 15.2 allows that star to be one of the types we usually see, plus BH and Neutron stars, but also allows for an Exotic Star or a Rogue Planet...so perhaps that's what you're looking for. In which case I'd expect you to have to get close to it then investigate the nearby systems listed in your nav panel-perhaps it's only detected & listed at close range, and may not show in galmap.
Click to expand...
I'm way to far out to check myself, but STUEMEAE GG-Y C4801 has a black hole, I was going to look for a line that goes through the BH and the Landscape Signal.

Cross sections of the lines are where I'm at in research as well. Of which I will share below.
I've been sat at Iota Cassiopeiae for longer than I care to remember.

I went there because in mythology, it is the star that sits on either the eyebrow or top of crown for the "Jewell", depending on the picture you look at of Cassiopeiae.
Cassiopeiae being Andromeda's mother, Andromeda being a galaxy so to me, it is the best match to the first line of the toast I have heard so far.

There is also a planet there (Y-Dwarf) (6c) that has more than 8 moons and the description of the planet for those moons it says, basically a big Gas Giant. "TDW Codex"
But its a very big moon to try and eye ball a station
Drawing a line from Sag A through the signal it ends up NEAR Iota but from my calculations last night not ON Iota but I don't know exactly where the signal is.
The signal cords would need to be around 20.4767, -23.2853, 25894.482 for it to be on the line from Iota centre to Sag A - which is about 9ly out from current calculations i believe. But i have not seen the actual suggested cords, i took a recording of it from Iota, but i have not ran it through Audacity yet.

That was the whole reason for me looking at the angels to the signal not the signal itself.

My current thinking is I'm at the first line, now to listen to the universe "whisper in witch space" in the direction of "the deepest void" Sag A - and there is the signal, but what now, I don't know.

I plan on flying towards Sag A inside of Iota System later, Hutton is ALONG way out so who knows what's out there. (if anything)
Reactions:
Macros Black