Rochester
Sep 23, 2024
#34,934
Rochester said:
Following on from my last post I’ve done some additional examination of the data which I still hold as accurate but I decided that I was making the assumption that the line of sight went through Sol.

A bridge to the Empyrean?
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10304929

For this examination I contemplated on why the Genship Artemis might be of interest, likewise I noted that the original line of sight although very close to Thetis etc, it was not exact, and for some reason I had not included the sphere of influence for the ‘signal’.

So I shifted the line of sight to run directly from Erebus to MU Cassiopeia.



With this established I extended it outwards and noticed it still falls very close to Thetis, probably far better than my original hypothesis!



In this picture we see the sphere of influence of the Thetis signal from the two bodies based upon the information provided that said signal originated at a certain distance. I’ve included a wireframe section too to show its midpoint.





Now what I find astonishing, is the line of site runs exactly inline with the signals midpoint!





The probability this is a coincidence I find implausible.
Click to expand...

Still playing around with this.

If we look at the Thetis signal and its spheres of influence, the proposed axis, in relation to the Norse Norns, Greek Fates and the ‘Fortune’ systems it seems to straddle the centre?

Here I’ve included the Greek compass (green) so it advocates a north/south alignment. Horizontally if we show Lethe and Styx together they seem to align West to East.

Given the proliferation of systems in and around Thetis which are named after ‘northern’ deities, I’m leaning towards the assessment this is the apex of the Empyrean or the most northerly aspect of the zone of Chaos!



Now if we consider how the ‘secondary’ event is likely narrative, I suspect it was inserted to get our attention.

If we replicate a third sphere of influence on the opposite side something interesting occurs, Tyche is upon its outer rim?

Something is in this area.



Edited: Likewise the system Penglai ‘the Immortal Island’ is also upon this area of interest?

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10342311
Last edited: Oct 12, 2024
Reactions:
selbie