Edelgard von Rhein
E
Aug 19, 2019
#10,929
Han_Zen said:
I've been expanding a bit on the RA 20 LA. As I suspect that 'Princess Astrophel' refers to Vega / the weaver girl, I wondered if 'LA' could be Lyra and Aquila?
The bridge between Vega (Lyra) and Altair (Aquila) in the story of the cow heard and the weaver girl, is known as the magpie bridge (anyone remember the mineral magpie? ).

Magpie bridge:
SPOILER

Overlaying this with a map of the Cygnus constellation gives this (RA 20h highlighted):

As we see, there is a common strip, between about Dec. 33째 and Dec. 40째. Center is around Dec. 35째.

For fun I also overlaid the Raxxla symbol:

As we see the symbol fits reasonably well with the bridge and RA 20h line. The horizontal path of the symbol does not match up with the equatorial parallels or the galactic plane. It would probably align well with a line parallel to the ecliptic (earth's orbit around the sun), but quite a bit above.

Tinfoil:

The Raxxla symbol is a stylized version of the Mars relic. A navigation tool to get to Raxxla. The 33 dots gives the declination. Tilted parallel to the ecliptic and lifted to Dec. 33째, it will show the way.
Click to expand...
eta Cygni is close to the centre of your last plot but there's nothing on it in EDSM (I checked a handful of alternative names and since it's in the Hipparcos catalogue and the bright star catalogue, i.e. has HIP and HR designations, I would expect it to be in-game).
As I have mentioned before, I wonder whether TDW toast and Astrophil mention are intended to direct us to a system or a heading to take within a system. Unless you guess the system, though, or get TDW invite and hear it from them (if they know), then its going to be through looking at the problem in the right way that leads to the breakthrough. Given how long the game has been going without it being stumbled upon, I'm not expecting blind luck to get us far with either Raxxla or TDW base. Depending on proximity, I might be able to get in-game and check eta Cygni later today, or at least see if it's there.
Reactions:
Macros Black and Han_Zen