Jorki Rasalas
Apr 5, 2022
#25,822
Koben said:
Please, allow me to elaborate a little further on what I've been experiencing regarding misterious friend invites received...

- Tripple Elite invitation: received invitation from MADDOGDIVER a few minutes after getting promoted to Elite for the 3rd time in Horizons. I always play in open but this guys never crossed my screen but still his name was present on the "recent contacts" tab. When checked his current location he was like 300ly away because I was in the Pleiades and he was in the bubble... so, no way he'd travel that far that fast;

- Being continuously allied to Pilots of Federation (by killing Thargoids): I decided that the best way to finance/support my FC was to kill Thargoids. After killing Medusas, Hydras and killing whatever hyperdicted me, I received a friend request from MATADWE. Received it just after killing a Basilisk + 2 Cyclops that hyperdicted me after having killed a Medusa. The curious thing about this guy is that I loose friendship whenever I close the game and I receive it again after a few minutes after relogging. But loose it for good if I loose my "Allied" status with Pilots of Federation... and I regain his friendship again by getting once again allied after killing bugs.

As I had a small hiccup with my PC's PSU, I'm playing on a MacMini 2012 for another couple of weeks, which by miracle can run Horizons at 15FPS... These 2 fellows are playing now in Odyssey so I'm unable to go check them out.

Please, any of you who is willing to walk the extra mile, get allied to the Pilots of Federation, send a friend invite to MATADWE and see what's what... for science!
Click to expand...

I believe others have reported friend requests from Maddogdiver shortly after reaching triple elite. Not heard about Matadwe before, but I think it’s possible these both might be server-side triggered requests, otherwise how would a player know your in-game status.

I guess it’s possible FD wanted to set up a club (no capitalisation!) for players who have gone the extra mile. It would be interesting for someone to accept & make contact with Maddoddiver and explore this. Unfortunately it’s a while since I reached triple and dont have him as a friend (I normally play in Solo & would have ignored a request from someone I didnt know from the forum).

Edit: but I’d be very surprised if these two friends requests are anything to do with the Raxxla storyline.
Last edited: Apr 5, 2022
Reactions:
Koben and Rochester