Noobilite
Jan 13, 2020
#14,636
So,



Maybe this 6 sided thing is related?! This is from the thargiod map rooms. Edit: I think this map is half of the galaxy and needs to be superimposed onto another map to make a completely map. Possibly the two maps are the arms seperated or maybe even certain star types or classifications. Although missing two arms would be odd unless the arms actually are different in some way like that. The stars are also distinctly blue and yellow. I'm assuming this relates to star types. do certain star types only exist in a certain set of arms or is this half of the galaxy? Maybe the ones in the middle gravitationally belong to certain arms according to whatever astrological data.

At which point are we back to this:

Edit: Just noticed all the thargoid stuff has a V inside an O. Does this reference VO stars or something similar? Are those related to thargoids somehow? There are also 8 points. Isn't VO8 or similar a star type? Obviously the left system is a star(not sure if main star. Could be inner) with an inner asteroid belt and then Ring planet 1 with 4 orbiting bodies, Second is the same, then third and fourth are double ringed bodies with various orbiting bodies. Unless those are stationary objects like stations or USS.. Actually they might be indicating mining hotspots or Hazres or similar. Maybe it's just refercing something about ringed planets somehow. If the left object then represent mining. The right one could represent exploration. Does the middle one represent combat or something similar?! Maybe this is the reason for the hint about raxxla being in asteroid belts. maybe the are trying to get us to figure this out. I think the left system has to do with mining and may require mining activity to discover. Are the three objects needed to activate the map related to or obtained from specific activities? What if this is the thargoid secret map too all the best hotspots for mining and other activities...

I still wonder if those stars are the super bright ones you can see everywhere with the white cloud around them. Maybe they are all the highly visible stars in the galaxy. Can't someone take an image of the galaxy with only those super bright stars and compare to this? It could probably be oriented with the pattern between the arms where only a few stars are. I would bet you anything those are the super bright stars we see everywhere from great distances. BTW, do any of the white glowy stars in the bubble have anything interesting?

On a seperate note: (I think it's a separate note?!)

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/aghc81/my_absolute_favorite_discoveries_hidden/

Stars
The Milky Way contains 100-400 billion stars. These spheres of plasma are sustained by nuclear fusion and bound together by the enormity of their mass. The energy from the fusion of hydrogen into helium and helium into other, heavier elements produces heat and light, or electromagnetic...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com
I for supergiants
Ia or 0 for hypergiants or extremely luminous supergiants
Stellar classification - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

Could XX be roman numerals. Or the HXX systems talked about in the first thread?

"AA-A Hxx"

That might explain the DW base image potentially being around a very large star.

Right Asscension (H?)XX LA<- Supergiant?!

Are there other XX systems like these?

: uncertain spectral value[17]
... Undescribed spectral peculiarities exist


These look like the lines in the image from the thargoid stuff. In the middle there are: --| -|- -||

Could it be related. Although it may not be raxxla related. Maybe.

Harvard system
In 1897, another worker at Harvard, Antonia Maury, placed the Orion subtype of Secchi class I ahead of the remainder of Secchi class I, thus placing the modern type B ahead of the modern type A. She was the first to do so, although she did not use lettered spectral types, but rather a series of twenty-two types numbered from I to XXII.[47][48]


Could this be related to the XX in RaXXla?. Is it referencing this system?

XX is a harvard system reference and la is a reference to an la super or hyper giant? What is RA? just right ascension? Could it have a double meaning to coordinates? RA: XXLA?

What would be XX in the harvard system?

Is remember Raxxla related to remembering the harvard system? It sounds like it was not around long.

Maybe Raxxla and the games history represents the now early history of modern star exploration in astronomy. In which case Raxxla being related to the harvard early system with an XX value in it could be related to remembering the old designations for some reason.

I haven't found a reference to the early codes yet. I'm trying to find out what XX would have meant. Given how the star names are odd and have XX on occasion. Is this related?

Does anyone know what here roman numeral system was. It went up to XXII from the information I've found.. I'm trying to determine what XX would be in here system. Potentially in relationship to an la super/hypergiant.

1994ASPC...60..215H Page 215

1994ASPC...60..215H Page 216
articles.adsabs.harvard.edu
This page mentions she charted certain stars. Maybe it's one of the stars she charted. XX would be one end of the spectrum before XXI which is carbon stars or something and XXII being the extremity. It supposedly coorelates to the modern charts. But there might be some differences.

Are there supergiants in the XX spectrum of her graph type. Or specifically out of the ones she graphed?!



Notice it says, ", but Maury's c-designtion does not distinguish between luminosity classes 0, la or lb.

This could be related to the name RA XX la... XX in here chart with an LA. The clue could simply be the name. Or is the name a reference to this fact?! Maybe it has to do with the fact she didn't add it and so it can't be found. I think the early star explorers represent historical realities in astronomy. And Raxxla might be a refference to this system somehow. It's very possible this is all related to Raxxla.



This seems to say that her designation and the HD might be related to tempurature and not luminosity up to XX. That is info we have in the game. Not sure I understand it completely though. If we take here chart info and apply it to the game would this give us anything interesting to look for?

XX la supergiant. Not sure what the RA stand for. Besides maybe Right ascension. Is there another classification system that uses RA. Maybe it's a combination of multiple classification references.

This may have to do with the differences between the two system. HD vs her's and other systems possibly. Or it seems interesting.

Spectral standards:[58]


F0IIIa – Zeta Leonis
F0Ib – Alpha Leporis
F2V – 78 Ursae Majoris

If we cross classification systems and assume it's part of the name... RA XX la?!

What is RA?

Alternatively:

Neutron Star With Rings?
I am not the first discoverer of this, but I still thought it was unusual enough to share. Out testing my new graphics card and settings I was checking out an O star system that I knew had probably been tagged before, but it registered as an AA-A H system close to the bubble so I went to see...
forums.frontier.co.uk

The system he's looking at has an 8th sun with 8 planets. The last is a pair rotating around each other... Possibly like the screens in the intro with the rover?!

Maybe one of the systems related to raxxla are in a system like this with rings around a star?
Last edited: Jan 13, 2020
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Dr. Lexus, Hanerib and 3 others