RaNaketh
Jan 13, 2020
#14,638
Noobilite said:
So,



Maybe this 6 sided thing is related?! This is from the thargiod map rooms. Edit: I think this map is half of the galaxy and needs to be superimposed onto another map to make a completely map. Possibly the two maps are the arms seperated or maybe even certain star types or classifications. Although missing two arms would be odd unless the arms actually are different in some way like that. The stars are also distinctly blue and yellow. I'm assuming this relates to star types. do certain star types only exist in a certain set of arms or is this half of the galaxy? Maybe the ones in the middle gravitationally belong to certain arms according to whatever astrological data.

At which point are we back to this:

Edit: Just noticed all the thargoid stuff has a V inside an O. Does this reference VO stars or something similar? Are those related to thargoids somehow? There are also 8 points. Isn't VO8 or similar a star type? Obviously the left system is a star(not sure if main star. Could be inner) with an inner asteroid belt and then Ring planet 1 with 4 orbiting bodies, Second is the same, then third and fourth are double ringed bodies with various orbiting bodies. Unless those are stationary objects like stations or USS.. Actually they might be indicating mining hotspots or Hazres or similar. Maybe it's just refercing something about ringed planets somehow. What if this is the thargoid secret map too all the best hotspots for mining and other activities...

I still wonder if those stars are the super bright ones you can see everywhere with the white cloud around them. Maybe they are all the highly visible stars in the galaxy. Can't someone take an image of the galaxy with only those super bright stars and compare to this? It could probably be oriented with the pattern between the arms where only a few stars are. I would bet you anything those are the super bright stars we see everywhere from great distances. BTW, do any of the white glowy stars in the bubble have anything interesting?

On a seperate note: (I think it's a separate note?!)






Could XX be roman numerals. Or the HXX systems talked about in the first thread?



That might explain the DW base image potentially being around a very large star.

Right Asscension (H?)XX LA<- Supergiant?!

Are there other XX systems like these?




These look like the lines in the image from the thargoid stuff. In the middle there are: --| -|- -||

Could it be related. Although it may not be raxxla related. Maybe.




Could this be related to the XX in RaXXla?. Is it referencing this system?

XX is a harvard system reference and la is a reference to an la super or hyper giant? What is RA? just right ascension? Could it have a double meaning to coordinates? RA: XXLA?

What would be XX in the harvard system?

Is remember Raxxla related to remembering the harvard system? It sounds like it was not around long.

Maybe Raxxla and the games history represents the now early history of modern star exploration in astronomy. In which case Raxxla being related to the harvard early system with an XX value in it could be related to remembering the old designations for some reason.

I haven't found a reference to the early codes yet. I'm trying to find out what XX would have meant. Given how the star names are odd and have XX on occasion. Is this related?

Does anyone know what here roman numeral system was. It went up to XXII from the information I've found.. I'm trying to determine what XX would be in here system. Potentially in relationship to an la super/hypergiant.


This page mentions she charted certain stars. Maybe it's one of the stars she charted. XX would be one end of the spectrum before XXI which is carbon stars or something and XXII being the extremity. It supposedly coorelates to the modern charts. But there might be some differences.

Are there supergiants in the XX spectrum of her graph type. Or specifically out of the ones she graphed?!



Notice it says, ", but Maury's c-designtion does not distinguish between luminosity classes 0, la or lb.

This could be related to the name RA XX la... XX in here chart with an LA. The clue could simply be the name. Or is the name a reference to this fact?! Maybe it has to do with the fact she didn't add it and so it can't be found. I think the early star explorers represent historical realities in astronomy. And Raxxla might be a refference to this system somehow. It's very possible this is all related to Raxxla.



This seems to say that her designation and the HD might be related to tempurature and not luminosity up to XX. That is info we have in the game. Not sure I understand it completely though. If we take here chart info and apply it to the game would this give us anything interesting to look for?

XX la supergiant. Not sure what the RA stand for. Besides maybe Right ascension. Is there another classification system that uses RA. Maybe it's a combination of multiple classification references.

This may have to do with the differences between the two system. HD vs her's and other systems possibly. Or it seems interesting.



If we cross classification systems and assume it's part of the name... RA XX la?!

What is RA?

Alternatively:


The system he's looking at has an 8th sun with 8 planets. The last is a pair rotating around each other... Possibly like the screens in the intro with the rover?!

Maybe one of the systems related to raxxla are in a system like this with rings around a star?
Click to expand...

In your second image (the blue with white lines) the system looks like Sol to me. Coincidentally the circle planet with the line through it would be the same as Venus if it is Sol? (Where did you source that image btw?)

Also the --| -|- and -|| isn't a ized version of Morse code is it? Dot, dot, dash?

Also one of the symbols looks very much like a Thargoid Sensor in line format. I'll see if I can dredge up my screenshot of one I took when back on my PC.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420