Emperor
Jan 12, 2024
#32,964
Louis Calvert said:
Contemplating covert dominance, thinking out loud. Chime in if you have any ideas:

I still think an important key is figuring out this 'covert dominance'. Assuming these parts of the myth are true and someone(s) already found Raxxla:



My assumption is that these people (person) already know the 'path' to Raxxla so they can obviously guard it. I assume Jason Ryder was killed because he set foot (metaphorically) on that path directly - as in, he definitely had found something, rather than the many who are hunting and haven't found anything.

Part of the issue is knowing this group or individual started to leverage Raxxla. If we assume TDW is semi-factual (in that Jason was assassinated for getting too close), then we know this covert domination has been in place for at least 2-300-ish years? at least (could have been much, much longer).

However, until 2800 there wasn't really private ship ownership in the way we understand it now, and of course hyperdrive was more limited. So prior to that the opportunities for people to find Raxxla significantly reduce the further back in time you go, by pure function of fewer ships, costing more, travelling less.

Of course, "covert" is the real kicker here. If it's truly covert, how would we know at all? We know there are several candidate groups. Certainly they all leverage extreme power, but the most powerful seem fairly benign (PF, UC, The Club) and the ones that are less benign seem far less covert (Feds/Imps/Sirius/Salvation, etc.).

And consider that for anyone or any group to dominate humanity, they'd have to control that want to do the same. So, to truly dominate humanity you'd have to influence all three superpowers, Sirius, the Kumo crew, the Utopians, the Dredger Clans, Colonia, all the independent factions and pilots (like us), all at the same time, and do it all without being found out by the masses.

What could Raxxla possibly offer that could leverage power over the diverse factions of humanity?

Maybe the myth is exaggerated?

I've also been wondering ? Why dominate humanity? What's the purpose of that?
Thinking about this has made me lean much more towards the idea that Raxxla is dangerous, and some other group is trying to protect us from it. Given that the Thargoids are already here, and we're very handily defeating them at every turn, it seems unlikely to me that the Thargoids are this danger.

This made me think about the idea that maybe the 'Siren of the deepest Void' is a trap (as the name suggests); Although Raxxla is an amazing treasure with massive potential, it's also incredibly dangerous and whoever found it first realised that it could entirely destroy humanity, so they have to protect it and stop others finding it. This I feel fits with the Lovecraftian themes that Brookes liked too.

I can see how "covert dominance" is necessary in order to fulfil this goal, and maybe to help guide humanity to become strong enough to defeat whatever it is (like the God-Emperor of Dune's Golden Path).

I like the idea that something is calling for us to find Raxxla, and something/someone else is trying to stop us falling into the trap. There's some delicious irony that they can't just tell us to steer clear of it either, since humanity would absolutely ignore such a warning and fall into the trap anyway.
Click to expand...
'covert dominance' - can you name one character in game who is a ruling member of the Pilot's Federation?

What dominance do they have other than controlling bounties, where you can go, Galnet, Markets, etc?

And even more secretive is the Elite Federation of Pilots, I would tell you more being Elite but I don't want to disappear or be hex edited!

and obviously TDW being the most infamous clique... too...

Do they know where Raxxla is or what it is and stopping you from simply looking it up in the Gal map and jumping there?

just a thought...
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Louis Calvert