Rochester
Jan 13, 2024
#32,971
Emperor said:
To consider what Raxxla might be used for first you must know what Raxxla is... and we don't know according to DB

As the only bonafide in-game clue/source that we know of "the Codex" (If you believe it... and please excuse me all those who consider historic lore, literature, mythology, etc as valid - just as valid an assumption in my opinion, which I also explore from time to time.....) unless I've missed something Raxxla would be:

1. A definite place that holds a mysterious secret - well good luck with that one as it could be anything!
2. Raxxla contains an alien artefact called the Omphalos Rift, which acts as a gateway to parallel universes. - Travel and probably a face to face with Thargoids, Guardian AI or just a weird version of ourselves (Starfield replay joke!)
3. An unremarkable moon - nothing? How disappointing...
4. A state of cosmic enlightenment - you'll feel happier!
5. A place that has already been discovered by either a sinister cabal or a lone individual who has harnessed Raxxla's power to become the shadow ruler of all of humanity. - Mmm... what power and how? allowing you to jump between systems, propaganda (Galnet?), control markets, pay you to do large scale missions, etc.... Damn you PF!

just a thought...
Click to expand...

My current hypothesis is that Brookes based the template for Raxxla around some type of hybrid conglomerate of John Milton (JM); Robert Holdstock (RH) and possibly Lovecraft.

1. A definite place that holds a mysterious secret:

RH utilised various references that alluded to various old English/Celtic/Norse mythologies, one such ‘definite’ place alluded to, was the ‘Otherworld’, it itself was mystical secret, a land of youth, a paradise on Earth, hidden in plain sight, but existing beyond our dimension. RH attributed this as another ‘lost realm’ similar to the Christian Eden, or Greek Underworld amongst others.

2. Raxxla contains an alien artefact called the Omphalos Rift, which acts as a gateway to parallel universes:

In Paradise Lost (PL) by JM our universe was held within a Crystalline shell (a globe) which consisted of the celestial spheres (the silent song), this hung from a chain from the brow of heaven. Not far away from it, but relatively very close. It’s outer sphere was solid, and it was were Satan wandered (vagabond), until he found the apex, which was an aperture, a vast opening from which one exited (if chosen) or where celestial beings could enter, a possible omphalos?

Again this codex description might link back again to RH concept of an Otherworld, existing in a parallel dimension, containing multiple other mystical lands; it could not be entered by mistake, it had a limited number of entry points, one either had to be invited, perform some amazing deed, or hold the key, usually a silver apple or branch. Usually such locations it could said to be found close to mountains, burial mounds, over or under the sea or certain trees.

3. An unremarkable moon?

An unremarkable moon could just be the perfect place to hide something!

4. A state of cosmic enlightenment:

See above!

5. A place that has already been discovered by either a sinister cabal or a lone individual who has harnessed Raxxla's power to become the shadow ruler of all of humanity:

Possibly this might just be telling us exactly that, Raxxla was found, and is or was exploited?

Maybe it is our jump technology, maybe we are all already in Raxxla, maybe it’s a guardian simulation, maybe Raxxla was originally a precursor for the Guardian narrative, remember that FD did alter the narrative by dropping the DW missions!

Could this be pointing to the Lost Realms zone? A conglomeration of lost Edens, they obfuscate (hidden or confuse) the real Eden aka Raxxla in or around that general area, an area which is directly tied to the birth of ED society; or the journey of Jaques?

Or maybe it’s bigger than that? Maybe the Codex is telling a wider story, a hidden narrative, Brookes hidden or lost narrative, his original narrative (or side narrative) - did it get axed, is the codex a redux and his original story hidden in the game?

Or maybe the path is more important than the destination?

It’s the friends you make along the way

Last edited: Jan 13, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Emperor, Macros Black and 1 other person