Edelgard von Rhein
E
Jan 12, 2024
#32,963
I think it is certainly worth considering the question of what Raxxla might be used for and might have been used for in the past. Why it was used is also a reasonable question.

This has come up before in the thread (e.g. mention of key technologies being developed, like hyperspace and AI) but despite efforts to keep Raxxla secret, I think that whenever it is used there is a risk of it being discovered.

If Raxxla is so powerful that an individual or group that controls access to it is able to exert some level of control over the development of our civilisation, then it is not being used every day. We see the daily influences in Galnet and in the faction states of our system maps. Raxxla does not need to be invoked to explain a system being flipped to a different power/superpower/government type. It does not need to be invoked to explain the results of the Federal elections, or the Ascension of Arissa Lavigny-Duval.

So what cannot be explained by any means other than Raxxla? Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth.

Possible candidates:
Hyperspace technology. We've been using it for about a thousand years and still do not really understand how it works or what hyperspace is. A prime case for external influence.
AI. Some were created and then banned and the technology is now strictly controlled - but it has been done since, with Project Thunderchild and Unit 1. Raxxla could have provided an initial technological leap but if it can be done by a covert Galcop research group, then I do not think it is necessary.
I vaguely remember something in the lore about an entire fleet disappearing. That could be Raxxla and not much else - even a misjump would have only taken out one ship and its nearest neighbours.
?? Not easy to think of anything else that cannot be done without it.

Possible uses:
Fast transportation. We can get anywhere in the Milky Way within 48 hours with current technology but this is very new. (Permit locks also apply).
Summoning. Like the Shadows of Babylon 5, if you want a fleet destroyed or some nosy investigator in a big ship with an escort wiped out, it can be done. Just name a target.
Technological innovation. Want to stay ahead of your rivals, or create a whole new field for development? Accidental discoveries happen all the time. No one needs to know how they work - just shut up and let the glowing blue gizmo in the CPU do the math!

Possible traces:
Unconventional travel methods might leave unusual wakes or signal sources at the entry/exit points, possibly for more extended periods than our own hyperspace wakes.
Distortion or disruption of comms signals might lead to people hearing unusual things, or experiencing behavioural changes due to subliminal influences.
Other things, such as viruses or other dangerous micro-organisms and unknown or rare radiation signatures that disrupt navigation systems, might be present in its vicinity. It might be dangerous to jump to or from Raxxla and it has to be reached by travelling for a long period in supercruise or normal space.

So what leads does this give us:
Shamash and Nefertem (behavioural changes due to comms signals)
Halsey (found in Azaleach), Gan Romero (hearing things and being lured into deep space) (entirely plausible that Raxxla might use - or even have inspired - Guardians technology) and the Landscape Signal
If Raxxla is behind the development of hyperspace then it limits how close to Sol it can be.
Generation Ships lost to contagious diseases with a space-based origin.
Fleet disappearances
??

I agree that Raxxla is dangerous: Lovecraftian in risk of use. An 'Outside Context Problem'.
Still, there are a trillion galaxies in the Universe. I think we can afford to blow up one for the sake of a good story!
Reactions:
Han_Zen, Louis Calvert, Emperor and 3 others