Louis Calvert
Jan 13, 2024
#32,977
Edelgard von Rhein said:
I think it is certainly worth considering the question of what Raxxla might be used for and might have been used for in the past. Why it was used is also a reasonable question.

Hyperspace technology. We've been using it for about a thousand years and still do not really understand how it works or what hyperspace is. A prime case for external influence.
Loads of great ideas in your post, but this one in particular grabbed me since there's a connection I never thought of before.

1) Humans reach space (again, post WW3).
2) Humans build Generation ships and launch "thousands" in a VERY short period (for unknown reasons), starting in 2097.
3) Humans develop Hyperdrive technology within 50 years of starting to send generation ships, and within 100 years of dedicated off-earth space travel.

This is very similar to the Guardian timeline:

1) Guardians reach space to deliberately build ark ships.
2) Guardians launch many generation ships (to relieve population pressures)
3) Guardians develop Hyperspace comms technology wile the Gen ships are still travelling, and then develop FTL shortly afterwards. Timeline is unknown, but it's implied it was relatively rapidly.

It seems almost like leaving the home world and spending time in space is a trigger for the development of FTL. We've only got two examples, but in both once the homeworld is left FTL follows quickly afterwards (but it's expressly stated that it's actually an invention both times).

I can't help but think that the Landscape Signal can only be heard in space. Halsey was in space, Gan worked in space. I realise we're all biased (cos we have little choice than to mostly be in space) but I wonder if space-travellers are exposed to the siren call, whereas planet dwellers aren't - by story design not because of 'the way the game was built'.

It's almost like a filter. Once a species is developed enough to leave the protection of their homeworld's magnetosphere they'll automatically 'hear' (sense) the mystical siren song of Raxxla, and from then on they'll be 'infected' with it, portions of the population develop various forms of fernweh. Maybe that encourages the type of thinking needed to develop FTL, maybe FTL just needs enough dedicated people working on it to achieve a breakthrough and the fernweh encourages that investment of brainpower.

And that is very similar to the 2001 A Space Odyssey (and later novels) plot. The Monolith is buried deliberately in a crater on the Moon, humans detect the anomalous mass and excavate it, the first time sunlight hits it it sends out a message that triggers contact with the aliens. That sequence is deliberate and it's how the aliens monitor developing sentient life - obviously when a species is capable to the range of intelligence required to do all that, they're ready to take the next steps.
Reactions:
El Saico and selbie