Louis Calvert
Dec 8, 2022
#28,315
Sunyavadin said:
I've also so far never had the specific permutation of the infinite tunnel where the colours shift as seen earlier in the thread.
Same, and that's not on any bug report or bug tracker I've seen. Nor are 'planets in witchspace', sadly.

I've temporarily shelved any investigation other than the planet, but I have that "green tunnel" (3 different videos of it) and the "UFO" (which I now have 2 videos of - one of which is a report from Obsidiant Ant himself - and some screenshots/discussion of other UFO's seen in witchspace - not sure if related).

I am still actively looking for any other videos (or any reports at all) of planets in witchspace but I think we're dealing with a number of factors:
A rare event
People stop 'seeing' witchspace after a while
Many people (especially newer or casual players) may not really notice if it's a quick thing, or forget soon after
Many, Many people automatically assume it's a bug and ignore it
Of those that don't fall into the above, only a few will have the ability to record video
Of those that do record it, only some will share it publicly (if it's shared in private groups, facebook groups, on twitch, etc. it's hard to find)
Some of those that do share it will do so in languages I can't speak and my computer will automatically filter out of easy searches
Of those that do post in a findable way for me, they may not post it under a title or use words I'm looking for
Essentially finding 4 video examples, a couple of photos, and a handful of anecdotal memories fits with the above "great filter" Still, I feel like just one video of any other planet type will resolve this instantly. I'm expecting to find a gas giant since they're so common.


I'm reminded of a quote of questionable provenance (it comes from Dew Wager, so more than a pinch of salt needed here) about Braben saying something like "We know why people haven't found it" with relation to Raxxla. I keep thinking about that every time I've seen anyone mention anything in witchspace: The guaranteed replies will include "It's a bug" "witchspace is just a loading screen" "Networking error" "your computer is bad and loading things wrong" "The game is bad and loading things wrong".

Obvs that questionable quote could mean anything, and it's probably not true at all and all these things may well be bugs... but this thread (and countless other quests) have failed to find Raxxla or moved even one step forward (that we know of) for 8 years now, but many things have been eliminated from the possible candidates.

I just don't like the idea of arbitrarily dismissing anything - especially something that's been experienced repeatedly over potentially the last 8 years - without investigation