Rochester
Sep 29, 2023
#31,659
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Does our Yggradasil somehow line up with Pleiades region?
In regards to Yggdrasil and the Pleiades, not really…but maybe?

Yggdrasil is ‘higher up’ relatively, only its ‘lower aspects’ fall into the same relative alignment, if you look from Hyperborea - they do fall almost into the same Y position.

This positional point of view is likewise in correlation with the Thargoid Mealstroms, which sit on either side creating an odd window so to speak or a gap!

A path through the Mealstroms?
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10138410

The Lost Realms of Robert Holdstock, with Mountains (white), inside the Mealstroms!


Interestingly when you overlay the Yggdrasil systems with the Mealstroms, the system Jormungand is within this gap also!



This position is kind of in opposition to the path of Jacques… but that’s stretching it I think. Spacially there doesn’t look to be any commonality, if there is I would say it’s either pattern bias or it directs the eye from Delphi to Hyperborea, not the other way around.

But that’s my point; whilst initially building my maps of the Lost Realms, before I made any connections to Holdstock, I’d seen certain visual correlations, mostly where there was a distinct system, way off, but which had a mythological or literary link.

To my eye at first it felt it ought to draw my attention ‘away’ from the Lost Realms zone… so granted some made me think there might be directional clues towards Delphi, but I could not make them stick.

Then I noticed this was happening a lot, so effectively there were lots of these far off areas, but once I made the link to Holdstock they made sense. They were actually drawing the attention ’towards’ the Lost Realms area.

For instance there’s the system Fintan - an Irish survivor of the biblical flood, it’s way off the beaten track, not actually mentioned in Holdstocks work, but a potential link to mythology by its link to ‘sunken’ lands. I made the link because it’s on the same YZ positions of the zone and had a few other weird named systems close by to it, forming what I saw as a path, linked to ‘sunken lands’.



There are many such systems abound the Lost Realms zone… again there’s no direct link for these, they weren’t mentioned in Holdstocks work, but I suspect they were intentionally inserted to draw our attention to that zone - not away…because of their shared context, if it were so due to the proliferation in the Lost Realm zone I would expect to see a very obvious path away towards Delphi, but I have not of late (except for Fintan and the Mealstroms!).

It doesn’t mean that’s not so!

The following diagram shows the Mealstroms encompassing the bubble, the systems shown are those attributed to the Lost Realms. The direction of Delphi is shown, and I’ve overlaid all Gen ships in this general area.



This is the same series of systems but viewed overhead from galactic north. Note there really isn’t anything pointing us to Delphi, that we know of, the Mealstroms don’t really line up perfectly with Delphi.



My assessment is we are NOT being directed away from the bubble. Everything within the Codex which I’ve ascribed so far would logically pull our attention towards the Lost Realms area. Delphi very likely was a clue, to look for an axis mundi and a world tree?
Last edited: Sep 30, 2023
Reactions:
rOmiLaYu, Edelgard von Rhein, simulacrae and 2 others