Exekrator
Mar 19, 2021
#22,149
Well, adjust the tinfoils because I am going to expose my theory.

The Raxxla logo from the codex can be interpreted in various ways. My interpretation of the logo is that it could be a system with one star and three asteroid belts, this system containing 33 bodies. It would also be necessary to go through six different systems to access it. What if everything was as simple as jumping to six systems in a specific order to open Raxxla's door and jump to the final system?

Perhaps everything is as obvious as jumping around spelling the word RAXXLA using one letter for each system. After many days looking for systems I have realized that the word RAXXLA can be spelled with six jumps if we start with the RA system (ancient Egyptian deity of the sun, the jewel that burns, RAxxla ...)

Ok, these are the systems adjacent to RA that the word RAXXLA can be formed with: RA - AINE - XIRANG - XIHE - LAMAKU - ADAD





R: RA (Ra was believed to rule in all parts of the created world: the sky, the Earth, and the underworld. He was the god of the sun, order, kings and the sky.Ra was portrayed as a falcon and shared characteristics with the sky-god Horus. At times the two deities were merged as Ra-Horakhty, "Ra, who is Horus of the Two Horizons".)

A: AINE (Aine is an Irish goddess of summer, wealth and sovereignty. She is associated with midsummer and the sun, and is sometimes represented by a red mare. As the goddess of love and fertility, she has command over crops and animals and is also associated with agriculture.)

X: XIRANG (also known as hsi-jang, Swelling Earth, self-renewing soil, breathing earth, and living earth is a magical substance in Chinese mythology that had a self-expanding ability to continuously grow.)

X: XIHE (One of the two wives of Di Jun (along with Changxi), she was the mother of ten suns in the form of three-legged crows residing in a mulberry tree, the Fusang, in the East Sea. Each day, one of the sun birds would be rostered to travel around the world on a carriage driven by Xihe. Folklore also held that once, all ten sun birds came out on the same day, causing the world to burn; Houyi saved the day by shooting down all but one of the sun birds.)

L: LAMAKU (No references, Indonesian word for "my old")

A: ADAD (Adad, Haddad (Akkadian) or Iškur (Sumerian) was the storm and rain god in the Canaanite and ancient Mesopotamian religions. Represented as a thunderbolt, a lion or a bull. Equivalent Gods: Zeus, Jupiter, Ba'al .)


I have tried jumping in order, in reverse, trying all the combinations and I have not found anything. Maybe you have to fly with some kind of item in the cargo hold but the task is colossal with the large amount of items in the game. I've started testing with Guardian cargo but it may take me forever to test this theory, so I'm sharing it for anyone who wants to test it.

This theory may not get anywhere, like all the ones we've tried before, but I think it's worth a try. All kinds of suggestions are accepted.

o7
Reactions:
Tibercov83, Dr. Lexus, Surl Tesh-echer and 8 others