[Diplomacy] Carnegie
Aug 15, 2019
#10,706
FrozenLaughs said:
I have a idea, wander through it with me- Simple old me is still just pondering the "gate that is also a key" line. Considering the mythos states there's no concrete evidence on what Raxxla even is...

You know, a gate that's also a key- that kind of sounds like a Neutron Star. You have to fly through it to get supercharged, right? What if there's a system only reachable from that one star? It would be both a Gate and a Key.

Raxxla could be that star... or the destination System, or a planet or moon inside said System. I mean, do you charge up on EVERY Neutron you come across, especially if your next system is only a small jump away?

OR- Is it possible for the game to be programmed that Supercharging from one specific star overwrites your navigation and you to jump to a specified system? Maybe one you can't normally target otherwise-

What if the only star in the Raxxla system collapsed into a Black Hole? Imagine jumping there (by my suggestion or any other means) a few years ago, early on in ED, and arriving to "no" star? Honking, and if you have the old-school Advanced Scanner, seeing because everything was over 250k LS away (or w/e intermediate range was)...

An inexperienced player might assume they'd encountered some kind of bug in the procedural generation and . I someone was quoted at a Lavecon saying players have already visited the system, .

I mean, there's a simple elegance to it, right?
Click to expand...

Not a bad theory, generally, but a couple of comments:

1. Neutron star cones are a relatively late addition to the game - much later than the 'Door that's also a key' phrase in the mission text. That doesn't mean there weren't plans to add the cones from day 1, but it would mean that Raxxla wasn't reachable in the initial release.

2. Secondly, the 'Raxxla was visited but not honked' statement is an urban myth. There's no evidence that anyone from FDev ever said it, only references to references to someone who heard it from someone else.
Reactions:
Non Grata and Count dEstard