Ughkoff
Apr 18, 2019
#7,553
AzoreanOutkast said:
Solved?!

That i know the station is still unaccount for... And that is linked to the raxxla problem.
Ad that is another thing that makes me wonder... And if that station is not an abandoned station as some believe but actually one of the missing generation ships that currently sits off the 8th moon of a gas giant in some system close or around the bubble that hasnt been yet discovered and in it we will find the next big clue to were to go to find raxxla?
I in one hand am almost betting that raxxla, the thing we are looking for is some sort of guardian structure.

Look, you rely on the Codex. And the Codex leads to representatives in Shinrart Dezhra. This note is made for new players who do not go to the forums or do not read articles. So they have a desire to find this place, as said, reaching the level of the Elite. And they find it. There is no mention anywhere that the solution is at the station. The station could be present before the moment when the opportunity landing on the moon (Horizons). According to Lore, the Dark Wheel is also looking for Raxxla or already know what it is nothing more. but in any case you will not be allowed to these secrets, as you are an ordinary player and for the minor faction you are a mercenary. In the mechanics of the game - this is a minor fraction with a good interesting history and lore, with special tasks.

Raxxla appeared in one of the versions of the first elite, long before Elite Dangerous appeared. But no one has ever seen her/he/it, those articles that I found on the network were invented, fakes. First we need to understand what it is .... it is an organization, it is a religion, it is a game mechanic or a part of code, it is a species, the name of Bar, this can be seen in the game or not. As long as we do not have an understanding, it is very difficult to find the answer ... we do not know what we are looking for.

But the dark wheel ... become their ally, carry out their tasks, feel yourself a discoverer of something that is not available to the ordinary player (usually their special tasks pass near interesting objects, which theoretically a player can get. Perhaps, when enough tasks are completed, they will issue a pass, for example in Witchs Reach). Of the unusual, I have never met their ships in space. There are ships of the Federation of pilots and other organizations in system, but I have never met the ships of the Dark Wheel
Last edited: Apr 18, 2019