Ughkoff
Apr 18, 2019
#7,541
Six6VI said:
Ah ok, I might have missed a nuance or two in what you were getting at :S

Hexagonal geometry is common in nature, bees are cleverer, or at least more observant than you might think. The 84 scouts, 'thargons' were pentagonal, the current scouts are octagonal, like the old mother ships and the current interceptors. Not sure about FE2/FFE? No thargoid I saw had six sides.
By all means throw in suggestions but don't be surprised if they've already been torn to pieces way back in the last 370+ pages of unadulterated tin foil hattery and vacuous insanity. Seemed obvious to me that "Mostly Harmless" was a nod to the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy or even Monty "Python".
It will be awesome if more data comes to hand on the Dark Wheel and Raxxla mysteries, especially if that is the aim of the new dev run CG mechanic but I'm not entirely sure they're ready to take that step right now and put closure on something that's keeping people occupied and logging in regularly.
Maybe when they do the next paid release we'll get to make significant progress?
Click to expand...

This is already in the codex and little in the tourist beacons - once it appeared in the codex, it means that it is already in the game. And if we have already found the The Dark Wheel, besides their secret station ((possibly up to the Horizons their station was in space) although their base is on the eighth satellite of the gas giant, which revolves around an M-class nameless star. The only thing that the base is on the planet, and not in space and if you become an ally for them, they will start giving you secret tasks), then Raxxla is already there. Perhaps at the initial stage, this does not make much sense, but if the public will show interest in this type of occupation in the game, the developer will add different riddles and additions. Codex - it`s a key for new player, how to find the Dark Wheel. But Raxxla is still a problem for old players

By the way, how is Shinrarta Dezhra translated from other languages? (some kind of jewel, no?)
Last edited: Apr 18, 2019