Ughkoff
Apr 18, 2019
#7,548
AzoreanOutkast said:
Actually mates that is interesting...
(putting tinfold hat on)
If u do remember the generation ships stories so far, and the raxxla mentioning in the story we all know... It kinda made a "blim" (light coming on) on my mind, bear with me:
This woman comes and needs a ship to go find some "pirate stash"...
We know one of the mega ships was attacked by pirates and boarded...
So what if it is connected?! What if the megaships stories are part of the "puzzle" to find raxxla?!
That means we need to start gonna look for them too, and the ones with those crates with that symbol may just hold clues that can leads us to where we wanna get?
(clues like, the numbers or identification of the ships, or comms we "listen" to, but never noticed that together may just give us a system name)
remember in some cases those crews were doomed from start on purpose, they were to make something and them disapear misterioulsy in space... To hide what they knew...
Lets face it, we got a megaship with symbols that look like raxxla, we got a megaship that got attacked by pirates, boarded, maybe they were after the cargo, cargo that got stashed away somewhere and that is what that lady was after, and that may have clues about the location of the dark wheel station, that maybe was the intented destination of one of the megaships, or even the crew could had been original members of that organization, a early expediction to find it...
We also know that an explorer (old lady) discovered something and was to reveal what she found and dissapeared soon after, she did not remember exactly all she did or knew, who knows she went after the megaships, she found it all, figured the puzzle but was unable to pass on the info, and it was leaked to us as a clue to follow in that direction...
I know, i know, probrably way far fetched, but hey, it sure makes sense, at least to me.
PS- Also, the fact there is 8 containers on that megaship with the symbol... remember the fact that has been brought up that the dark wheel station may be in the 8th moon around a gas giant?! Coincidence?!
Click to expand...

forget about the the dark wheel, its mystery is solved (for all player, who have any Elite rank). At a minimum, their capabilities are inferior to the SuperPowers and the Federation of Pilots with their Club. We are interested in Raxxla and other things
Last edited: Apr 18, 2019