CMDRGURU951
Dec 30, 2018
#4,825
-Deciphering The Codex- Our Full Report-

Commanders,

The Nomad's of Oisir hold critical thinking in the highest regards and believe that taking things at face value or developing and stating confirmations without supportive evidence is not only intellectually dishonest, but it would also be an exhibition of ignorance and mere wishful thinking.

It should be said that the majority of our research has provided a lot of Speculative Evidence to support our claims, but not much in the realms of Hard Evidence. Thus far, the rulers of the galaxy appear to throw no bones to those who decide to take up a journey such as this.

There are some aspects to our methods worth mentioning beforehand that will aid you in understanding our approach.

1. We theorize that the Dark Wheel Toast is a multi-step road map and that each step may be a necessary point in these supposed tests that are alluded to in the codex in regards to gaining an invite from the DW itself, or possibly that each step works as a trigger for the next clue to be revealed in its fullest capacity.

2. We have found indications that the riddle is influenced heavily by the real life book Astrophel and Stella, Greek mythology, and that the answer likely lies in the recreation of a myriad of mythological tales such as the story of Perseus and Andromeda, The Oddyssey by Homer, the story of Orion and its relation to the Pleiades and Sirius, and that many of the answers and clue locations may be hidden in the constellations themselves as well as deep in the lore associated with them. Another key factor in this part of our decryption is that it appears to draw significantly upon symbolism and metaphor and that you must think in these terms and not so much on literal words or translations.

3. Thus far, we have found that specific tourist beacons have held the most influence in terms of direction and instruction on our path to discovery.

4. It appears to some of us at this point that Raxxla, or access to Raxxla, is not only discoverable, but that it is a known location to many, hidden in plain sight, and that it is currently non-functional to us due to a suppression on the necessary technologies to interact with it.

5. Lastly, that the language barriers may be overcome by utilizing wikipedia and its "translate to...." option and that this was likely an intended design of the puzzle.


Carrying on.
Many CMDR's have asked the question of why it is we have chosen Zeta Cassiopeia as the highest candidate to the first clue contained in the opening line of the Dark Wheel toast,
"To the Jewel that burns on the brow of the Mother of galaxies."

In classical depictions of the Cassiopeia constellation you can find a star on her eyebrow itself, Zeta Cassiopeia, and Cassiopeia is the mother of Princess Andromeda.
We theorize that the reason this is an important first step is likely because if we find Raxxla it may very well lead us to the famed Andromeda Galaxy itself. We also speculate that the second reason we are sent there first is to get us off the beaten path, or onto a path away from stations or watchful eyes. This reasoning can be obtained from the meaning of Zeta Cassiopeia, also known as "Auxillary Road", or a "By-Path." However, we do not feel that this location itself is the Jewel that is spoken of within that first verse.

Cmdr Puffler suggested to us that the jewel is likely the NGC 7822 nebula due to how bright it shines as you enter Zeta Cass. So we went there and explored every class O system within the nebula. His guess appears to have worked for us. We discovered the Cupid's Arrow Tourist Beacon in one of the systems there, Class O system S171 34.
Due to the repeated references to Cupid in Astrophel and Stella we finally found supportive evidence to believe that the Cupid's Arrow Tourism Beacon serves as our first guided instruction. The supportive evidence is that the NGC 7822 Nebula is in the Cepheus constellation and that the one station in the NGC 7822 Nebula is the Gorgon Research Facility.
Andromeda was rescued by Perseus and he used Medusa's head to turn Cetus the sea monster into stone as he came in for the attack.
Medusa herself was a Gorgon and Cepheus is Andromeda's father.

At this point, using the repeated references to the words Heart and Love within many of the Sonnet's of A&S, we believed the Heart or Soul Nebula would hold the next clue, but our efforts resulted in no further evidence to support this idea. This failure to find a clue from there proved useful for us when we backtracked to the Cupid's Arrow beacon and listened to the advice at the bottom of the beacons message that suggests we go to Maia to visit the barnacles, nearly 2400Ly away.

The suggestion to go to Maia made little sense to us until we realized that A&S is believed to be written about the authors lost love, Penelope, and that Odysseus in The Oddsey is trying to get home to his wife, also named Penelope, after having been held captive by Atlas' Daughter the sea nymph Calypso on the island Ogygia, also known as the island of Atlantis. This seemed to be a clue and a correlation of the story thus far. Another thing CMDR Stamrehn noted while we were on this journey was that Odysseus stabs a Cyclops in the eye with a stick after getting the Cyclops drunk.
He pierced the eye and we thought to ourselves, "what if we find an eye to pierce?"
Where better to try than in the Pleiades where we can find an actual Thargoid Cyclops? But Odysseus does not fight a Cylops, he outsmarts it. And this is where Maia comes into play.

The second line in the DW toast is,
"To the whisper in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void."
We are translating this metaphorically to relate Maia to the Witchspace loving thargoids and to Atlas' seven daughters, the Pleiades, some of which are Sirens.
Another translation we have come up with is referring the Siren to being the looming threat humanity is currently facing and the deepest void to being ther loss of humanity itself if the threat goes un-checked.

Now onto Maia!

In Maia you will find the Maia Black Hole Tourism Beacon which informs you that the Black Hole, Maia B,
"puts on a Great Show when observing the gravitational lensing effect on the surrounding nebula and stars."

We believe that this is an instruction for us to experiment with and that the highest candidates to experiment with the lensing effect are the ever mysterious, eye shaped, Barnard's Loop or The Andromeda galaxy that lingers far beyond the Formadine Rift. To our astonishment, when you place Maia B in front of and centered on Barnards Loop and slowly approach it til you drop into it, you will get a incredible eyeball shaped formation from the lensing effect when paired with BL and it is coupled with a what appears to be a wormhole into the eye itself. If you look behind you as you experiment with this you will see that it servers as a projector that enlarges BL and in the case of trying this with Andromeda, you will get a large detailed view of the galaxy herself. It truly does work much like a real eye after all.

The most compelling evidence to support the implication that Maia B is something much more than a simple Black Hole is in the controlling factions name, the Ryder Revolutionary Party, that operates Solely out of Obsidian Orbital in Maia and nowhere else. This seems to imply that the Ryder Family may very well be in control of something much more important than previously understood.

This appears to us to be a critical development. Maia, like Calypso from The Odyssey, is also the daughter of Atlas. This also puts us into close proximity to the mysteriously renamed, Delphi, the Greek home of the Omphalos, to Merope and directly in the area which Thargoids have the highest presence, the Pleiades.

The next line in the DW toast is, "To the parent's grief, the lover's woe."
We have come to interpret this as Atlas' grief over Orion's lustful pursuit of his daughters or possibly to the grief over his other daughters, the Hyades, who died of grief over the death of their brother Hyas.

"The lover's woe." we are translating as Odysseus' struggle to return to his beloved Penelope or to our own struggle to find Raxxla.

From Maia we have the story of Orion and his lustful yearning for the seven Pleaidean sisters, especially Merope.
Orion is important because he possesses A Club and his belt points directly to his dog, Sirius.
Symbolically this could imply that Orion and his Club control Sirius and also relateable could be the symbolic eternal war in the sky between Orion and Taurus, which the Pleides Constellation is a part of, or symbolically between The Club of Orion and the Ryder family in Maia which resides in the Taurus Constellation.

Orion's club is comprised of four star systems, two of which are inhabited and those two are controlled by the Federation, one of these systems is Chi Orionis and to our surprise it has a Tourism Beacon named, Chairman of Metadrive Inc. Passes Away, which tells the story of Femi Dakarai, the chairman of hyperdrive-research company and how he died as a result of the stress of hard work and as a result of an audit of the company.
Femi is a variation of the name, Pheme. Pheme was the Greek goddess of gossip and fame.
The conspiracy surrounding the death of Femi is stated as this,
"The board of directors were bribed or coerced to sell MetaDrive Inc. via an arrangement by The Club. Femi Dakarai alone was opposed to the acquisition of his company by Sirius Corporation in 3302. Consequently he was quietly assassinated, with his death publicly attributed to illness."

The last line of the DW toast is "To the yearning of our vagabon hearts. To Raxxla!"

We translate that yearning as Raxxla itself, the symbolic Penelope of Odysseus' heart.

Our apologies for the lengthy read. We hope it was enjoyable and captured your interest or answered any questions you may have.
If you find it useful, use it. If you do not, than throw it away.


last thing we want to add, and this may just be paranoia or hopeful thinking on our part.
The day we looked into Barnard's Eye for the first time, within hours it was reported by CMDR Zool2197 that the Thargoid infestations occured in Maia and then CMDR LCU No Fool Like One reported that the scavenger's at the surface sites began uplinking to the thargoid uplinks inside the machine and began projecting a red beam toward the ceiling.
These two factors were a first of its kind and they happened on that day.


-46N2
Last edited: Dec 30, 2018
Reactions:
CMDR Hagglebeard, Kazahnn, CMDR Beni Stingray and 3 others