Edelgard von Rhein
E
Dec 30, 2018
#4,831
I'm continuing my survey of permit-locked systems and updating my post (#4829) as I proceed. So far, nothing relevant, and added Sirius and Beta Hydri today.
.
Regarding the interpretation of the Dark Wheel toast and the work done by CMDRGURU951 and friends, my main concern is that with any crossword puzzle: the clues mean whatever the person who wrote them wants them to mean. My understanding is that people who are very good at solving crossword puzzles are able to do so because they have learned what the person setting them uses for frames of reference and can tell what they mean from experience. Give them a single puzzle set by someone else and they will find it as difficult as anyone else. The problem with cryptic clues is that they are not falsifiable save by asking the person who set them whether a suggested solution is right or wrong. From the perspective of the search for Raxxla, or The Dark Wheel station, you will only know whether you are right by finding it. Get it wrong by one system over and you will have no way of knowing how close you are (people missed the Zurara by such a margin - it could have been found a year or more earlier!).
.
Reading your interpretation, I am not left with anything testable - I do not know to go to Maia and map body x to find the Omphalos Rift in orbit, for example. It's a very interesting line of thought, but I still feel as much in the dark as before: it's a great idea but you've tried to follow it up and not found Raxxla. The appearance of nebulae from particular angles or through gravitational lenses just seems too obscure to be a clue. I would ask what you plan to do next - are you going to modify a particular part of your interpretation or try something else entirely?
Sorry if I'm coming across as harsh, I'm not trying to be. It just feels like it's down entirely to interpretation, which feels wrong to me. I'm terrible at solving cryptic clues, which is why I find this sort of thing extremely frustrating - and why I'm out surveying systems looking for more solid information. Good luck to everyone else searching or thinking in your own way!
Reactions:
Hfarl and Rochester