Louis Calvert
Jan 23, 2018
#1,510
Scytale said:
You may be right. I, for myself, see Raxxla more like an Eastern Egg, intimately tied to Elite lore. Kind of a wink fo Elite connaisseurs. Then, out of the main storyline.
For this, landing or space legs are not obligatory, as Raxxla (lore) is tightly linked to witchspace. Many current game mechanics could allow its finding, as 'Raxxladiction' out of witchspace directly to a planet base, teleportation to a base or portal on a non landable planet when aproaching the limit/glide sequence, etc ... Besides access to a locked or very well hidden system, earned through rep and rank with determined factions/powers.
The mechanics, of course, being able to evolve with landings and space legs as the game evolves, like the lost Conda evolved to the Zurara.

That's true, it could be something like that, and it would be cool. However given that it would take considerable dev-hours to create anything other than a listening post around a planet (which is pretty quick, hence lots of tourist beacons), then I'm not sure they'd be able to justify devoting dev hours to something that's so very hidden that no-one in the last 4 years has found it. What you describe is a fairly large departure from what's in-game right now, and that means it will have needed a significant amount of time spent on it.

Sadly, the nature of game development means that Raxxla will certainly be something significant and there will be a narrative around it if it's something they've spent time on.

Like the myth of the anaconda that was the Zurara, once they'd made the asset for the megaship, they needed to make sure people found it or it would have been wasted dev time... when it was just an anaconda they hadn't spent much time on it so could leave it lost for now, and as you say just update it when better researches became available.

madbilly said:
I'm cynical, but I think "personal narrative" may just be a branding and marketing term to balance against the "endless-grind" and "empty sandbox" claims that frequently get made.

hehe, yep you old cynic