Louis Calvert
Jan 23, 2018
#1,506
CMDR_Cole said:
Dumb question from a Commander just starting out. I'm sure this has been discussed previously somewhere, but FD has said Raxxla is in the game and can be found, but that doesn't seem to suggest "can be found, right now." Is it possible that Raxxla is currently permit locked?

My belief is currently that it's permit locked, or otherwise inaccessible (rogue planet, or time-phasing planet that only appears at certain intervals, etc.).

Simply because I think Raxxla is going to be something big when the game is capable of making it something really special - for example, I believe to really fully experience the awesomeness of Raxxla we're going to need to be able to fly down to it (atmo planet landings) and walk around and explore it (some version of space legs), plus any additional exploration tools they will have added by then to help us find something so illusive - and hopefully better instancing and multiplayer so we can do it with friends. There's no way Fdev will allow Raxxla to be just an ELW with a listening post in orbit.

I've noticed that in the livestreams for Beyond they have frequently referenced "personal narrative" - to me, that sounds a lot like they are setting the technical groundwork for a "journey everyone must take for themselves" so often quoted - I think Fdev are slowly developing the tools to add a "story element" to Elite, so that each commander can eventually go on personal adventures and discover things for yourself. This is the type of gameplay that I can imagine in the future (when it's fully fleshed out) contributing hugely to the Raxxla narrative - Imagine going on your own version of Ryder's adventure, making contacts, betrayals, doublecrosses, alliances, etc. to have to unlock the secret of Raxxla - not just having to search for hundreds of hours in space honking every systems, etc.

Just my view on it - but I also think that the groundwork for the Raxxla narrative is already in the game and running - the missions are currently not working, but I suspect they just never bothered to fix them since they'd already developed a newer, better idea that they are waiting to implement. So, I think it's still possible to collect clues to the location of Raxxla, and find little bits here and there that will ultimately be really useful.
Reactions:
roryclague, Scytale and Evoflash