Hanerib
Aug 4, 2020
#18,230
"Now after some time I wished to go to the region
of Ausitis to visit the tomb of holy Job, for the
sake of prayer. For I used to see many holy monks
coming thence to Jerusalem to visit the holy places for
the sake of prayer, who, giving information of every-
thing concerning those places, increased my desire to
undertake the toil of going to them also, if indeed
that can be called toil by which a man sees his desire
to be fulfilled. So I set out from Jerusalem with the
holy men who deigned to give me their company
on my journey they themselves also going for the
sake of prayer making my journey from Jerusalem
through eight stations to Carneas. The city of Job
is now called Carneas, but it was formerly called
Dennaba, in the land of Ausitis, on the confines of
Idumea and Arabia. Travelling on this journey I
saw on the bank of the river Jordan a very beautiful
and pleasant valley abounding in vines and trees..."
"And as we journeyed day by day, on the left side, whence on the
opposite side we saw parts of Phoenicia, there suddenly
appeared a great and high mountain which extended
in length..."
[DATA REDACTED]
"...which holy monk and ascetic, after so many
years spent in the desert, found it necessary to move
and to go down to the city of Carneas, in order to
advise the bishop and clergy of that time, according
as it had been revealed to him, that they should dig
in that place which had been shown to him ; which
was done. And they, digging in that place which had
been shown to him, found a cave, which they followed
for about a hundred paces, when suddenly, as they
dug, a stone tomb came to light, and when they had
uncovered it, they found carved on its lid (the name)
Job. To this Job the church which you see was then
built in that place, in such a manner that the stone
with the body should not be moved, but that it should
be placed, where the body had been found, and that
the body should He under the altar. That church,
which was built by some tribune, has been unfinished
to this day."

THE PILGRIMAGE OF ETHERIA
[INVALID AUTHENTICATION TO ACCESS DOCUMENT, ENTER CHICKEN WINGS TO CONTINUE]
Reactions:
simulacrae, John Stoutbeard, PeteACarter and 1 other person