yelboc
Dec 23, 2019
#14,318
CMDR Zulu said:
Something about the Simarchive does strike me as suspicious. I like your thoughts on this. I think looking further into it could be beneficial.

Ultimately, based upon what I’ve read throughout Galnet, Abandoned Settlements, and Generationship logs these are my current beliefs.

1) The Information provided in the Codex is hinting to at least two “things”. One we’d call Raxxla and Another We’d call Soontill.

2) I believe the “spiral of stars” portion should be taken literally. We’ve seen a spiral of stars already. The Thargoid star Chart. Some say it’s an unknown galaxy but the scale is way off. What could they be searching for? Soontill is my belief. Soontill was presumed to be “dead” or destroyed but I think the emphasis on it’s death was more to draw focus away from its rebirth much like Persephone and Kore. If it was destroyed why do we continue to have a supply of Soontill relics. It may also explain why the Thargoids ventured to the bubble.

3) Why focus on Soontill? I think Raxxla is indeed already being exploited as suggested in the Codex (Oberon Ryder may have come to this conclusion as well). Most likely by the club or Sirius (The Planet Lucifer has my suspicion), so Soontill may give us the ability to counter their dominion and reveal what Raxxla really is.

4) I believe We’ve been provided tools to aid in this search for Soontill. Thargoid Sensors, Probes, and Links. They just haven’t been deployed in the correct area perhaps. I have a few places I’d be very curious to see if these objects have a reaction in. Prism near the star Ruby or Anticlea, Soontill System itself (low priority system imo), and Zephyrus (aka the West Wind and a genus of a species of bee, Fibonacci also confused Zephyrum with Zephyrus a bit) near Violet World (“if you were to understand it all seek Fibonacci’s Zephrum”). Thargoid technology is also supposed to react violently when near Guardian technology so perhaps deploying them in space by Lucifer or the Simarchive can evoke different reaction.

Im currently working on getting Corrosion Resistant Cargo racks to test this myself but if anyone else can beat me to the punch then please do.

At least Two articles that seem to allude to this stuff there’s more but these are the most blatant in my mind that require the least amount of explanation. Supratech vs Herculean Machines. Far God vs The Void Cult. While reading them consider what you’re reading as a metaphor for Soontill and Raxxla.

I also believe we’re running out of time. In 3306 I think these things may be forced into the limelight or one side will prevail over the other.

If you try it and open Pandora’s box on us, sorry.
Click to expand...

The (original) Thargoid backstory is discussed in Drew's lore thread on this forum.

Lore questions. :)
On the Quest for Raxxla thread we have a claim that the guy remembers an interview with D.Braben (video, supposedly before release of Horizons) that we need to authenticate. Apparently someone asked DB about Raxxla and the answer was: DB: "- It would be more likelly to reveal itself to a group...
forums.frontier.co.uk

And its described in some detail towards the end of his book 'Premonition'.

Of course it seems that that original lore has been modified, so its not clear what we can still believe, but at least the reasons for the Thargoid presence is shown there.

On matters of Soontill, I believe 'And Here The Wheel' tells us that the Soontill system is the real deal, though I've yet to finish reading that book yet, so can't give chapter and verse.

The Zephyrum of Fibonacci is a clue from Drew for the Formidine Rift mystery, if I'm not mistaken.. (before my time in ED)

Happy holidays to all Seekers of Raxxla - may the Fernweh be strong in you all.
Reactions:
Six6VI, BluWolve, Zieman and 5 others