CMDR RFirsov
Dec 20, 2021
#24,999
Jorki Rasalas said:
All we know has been summarised by Macros on the first page of this thread.
Also you might be interested to read through the FD quotes I’ve noted here https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/fdev-ed-relevant-quotes-videos.553526/#post-8671776
I read it, thanks.Very curious. There is an inf.: I talked with David Braben at the bar after an award ceremony. I asked him "Is Raxxla in the game?" He answered with "Yes. And we know where it is." (I assumed the "we" meant Frontier Developments). That's what I meant above when I said what he said about the planet. And that's why I thought it was about the planet in question. Text translation)I'm playing the Russian version and here's what we have written (screenshot):
Original text in Russian, if you need: Краткое изложение мифов, окружающих легендарную планету RAXXLA
Translation of the circled: Summary of the myths surrounding the legendary planet RAXXLA))It says right there, the PLANET.
Does the English version also say about the planet?

And when I start reading the article itself, then yes, there is a lot of information, assumptions, and so on written there.I mean, you need to hide the obvious in a prominent place))But, the exact title of the article speaks about the planet, and not about something mystical, mysterious. The problem is, where is this planet?In which region, sector, square, what coordinates.Plus, your link says about reputation, and that it does not stop gaining from the faction, even if you are an ally with 99%.It turns out that we need to go through a huge number of missions in Shinrarta? Time after time, in a circle? Maybe this implies the expression DARK WHEEL))Time after time, time after time...

And there is no need to consider theories.They confuse you. According to the logic of the developers, they want us to find it, right?And for what?A riddle for the sake of searching and flying around the galaxy?This is nonsense.I believe that when Raxxla is discovered, we will get a plot development in the direction of new technologies for moving around the galaxy. Are the Targoids able to move further than we can in one jump?Maybe we can move in the future to the Colony in one jump?))I do not know, but my logical conclusions led me to this conclusion. And again the question is, how do we get the coordinates?According to the plot?Accidentally stumble upon her?But we need to triangulate, there are too many systems.Or we will be led by hidden quests or those that we miss, as Braben said, calling it a shame.The algorithm of search actions, that's what you need.Where to start...?For myself, the first step will be to complete quests in Shinrarta.Maybe I'll get lucky?)
Last edited: Dec 20, 2021
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and Exekrator