Jorki Rasalas
Dec 19, 2021
#24,990
CMDR RFirsov said:
By the way, if you think about it. In what year did Braben say that there was a commander or commanders who visited the System?What is the chance that someone accidentally flew there?It's completely minimal, right?Such a commander should have "Lucky ole's Golden Balls". And I thought that if we take into account the year when he told about this event and what direction the pilots had relevant.Where did you fly often at that time?So you can minimally determine the direction of the region, sector...And has the riddle about the queen who rides a giraffe been solved?Because the essence of the riddle is not about the queen, but about the giraffe. And HD112028 is a false target, apparently...I found a star with that name today, but in a completely different system.Apparently a bug...Or not.

And why should a giraffe remember his daughter's hero?I thought about this question and flew through the systems.And I came across hd112028. This system is located in the head of the constellation.
Click to expand...
You need to check your facts. It was not Braben who is supposed to have said that the system containing Raxxla had been visited but Michael Brookes; Ascorbius has a yt on it, but since there is no other source to confirm this then we treat it as unconfirmed, and it tels us nothing about WHAT Raxxla is nor WHERE it is..

Raxxla could be anywhere, including in Sol or nearby. If that close to/within the human bubble it would have been found. That is the reason for the rumour about its existence and the Codex Raxxla paragraph “Raxxla also plays a role in several conspiracy theories, most of which attest that it has already been discovered by some kind of sinister cabal (or sole tyrant), which has leveraged its power to establish covert dominance over humanity.”

The riddle about the queen, her daughter and the giraffe is nothing to do with Raxxla. It is one of Drew Wagar’s clues to the megaship Zurara which is a key part of his Salomé storyline which was built into the game (google “Dynasty Plot” and Drew’s YT videos). Drew knew nothing about Raxxla as implemented in-game and that storyline ended a few years ago.
Reactions:
CMDR Davanix