Noobilite
Oct 21, 2019
#12,936
Han_Zen said:
ED was initially supposed to have dark systems. Systems that wasn't shown on the galmap until you explored them. Unfortunately this was scraped. I don't think FD managed to make a sensible mechanic for manually plotting jumps, before release.
Removing all the brown dwarfs from the map at a later point would probably just look silly.
I don't think there are any systems in ED that we cant see in the map.

Then again, who knows. There could be one.
Probes might have been a start. Technically the same mechanics for current systems but with the additional need to gain a corrdinate. Or the ability to simply set a coordinate and jump. it's not hard. Then it can check the server for potential things in that area based on coordinates and a known sight bubble. It would be extremely easy to do. Then you could jump anywhere. Probes could give info to make it easier to jump or something. Or check for dangers. If you jump into something you could blow up. It takes no imagineation whatsover to think of a mechanic. If it's checking data the just need to store base info and generate visually. The major data would be held on the HDD or downloaded when it's discovered. Have tools if needed to control data. Theyare using P2P already. Although, I wonder if that cause problems. Or a central server to seed. Or just slap it on the old HDD for everyone. It's not hard from a design standpoint superficially as a game element. Not sure about the network implementation or other issues.

No, idea why that would need to be abandoned. It should be easy regardless. We have a potential endless supply of two things(just like in the mud days.) Relative Hdd space and network traffic space to the user.(Although this is not unlimited in all cases now. But there are ways around that.) Use those and you can do alot. Not sure why they would back down from ideas. Seems kind of stupid to me. Don't get why companies don't go all out and make games. Is it that important nobody can try to get info from their HDD's or something?! Try making the game about playing it and not about wether you have info on what is in it. Solves the problem. It's called content. I think they tried to hang too much on the exploring part and not the playing a game part. 8\

This game also seems like a shortsighted add for VR instead of a full attempt to make a game then add VR... Might be this is just a high end VR grab or to help push things surrounding the potential of VR... And like other VR centric games it's about cheap visuals and not game content. I have a feeling VR is in the end about grabbing eye/face data and other things. Partially for detecting people with all those cameras and for future security data. Anyone notice every time they push things for security like thumbnail stuff magically a tech comes out that then gives a means to get that data from users. like smart screen and push screens that could hypothetically get that data and make that security useless. VR keeps being pushed with eye data security and other things that are happening. It's almost like people are coordinating it on some level. Like someone wants people reliant on a security method and then wants a personal means to bypass it somewhere.(Or the waters are being tested in regards to it.) Then when it seems it won't be used as much the tech dies magically too. Or slows down. Or something similar to that. This along with decades of attacks on traditional security for things that can have back doors with easy attack points if you have access to invisible user data. I guarnteed encryption will disapear when/as this stuff becomes normal. Then false stuff will be out about encryptions insecurities which will be the result of people messing it up purposely to get rid of it or similar. Is this what raxxla is about?!
Last edited: Oct 21, 2019
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420