Noobilite
Oct 21, 2019
#12,931
Vetinari said:
SpaceDonut - good name for a ship

Actually Alexzk you got me thinking...what if there was a system on the map, nothing spectacular, but maybe the ship computer is programmed not to jump through it, like its permit locked, but it isn't? All ships would plot around it and nobody would really notice unless they paid close attention to galmap and available stars to jump to and relevant distances. It could be in the bubble even, any fairly dense star cluster would do, could be in the middle of hundreds of easily accessible stars and everybody just jumps around it. Can easily be jumped to if plotted but nobody does or has yet.

or

Its the last star system in a cul de sac of brown dwarfs or similar, one route in and one route out, wouldn't plot through as cant go through just in and back out. One scoopable at the entry point and one at Raxxla system but no nearby star apart from the one you came in on

or

How many people go straight up or straight down from Sol? How many pick a point away from the bubble and go there instead, wonder if it is the road less travelled?

or

a combination of all 3 or 2 of them

or

something else because....Raxxla
Click to expand...
You can check where you have and havn't been in the map section. That would make it even more obvious. I have through basic travel covered almost everything around sol. If someone purposely visited everything by using the map unvisited to control the systems you jump too you could easily find it over time then. It's a matter of if anyone has done this.
Han_Zen said:
There were probably no jumping 1000s of ly in Elite. The game had 2048 systems, evenly distributed on 8 galaxy maps. The maps are 256 X 256 ly. According to MB each 'galaxy' was a sector in the Milky Way.

There are a few systems from maps other than galaxy 1 in ED. They are all in the bubble. The galactic hyper drive probably jumped you 50-100 ly to get from a map to the next.

Even in The Dark Wheel Alex and Elyssia goes to the unlisted system Cirag. It's only 19 ly from Xezaor, so it's well inside the boundaries of galaxy map 1. It's just not listed, because it's an independent system.
So, in other words the entire game could be based on the premise that the real world lack of stars is just a list of planets the map company allows us to visit. And there is an entire different world we are restricted from right around us. Full of populated planets, also, like we are trapped in some cage and are guinea pigs?!

That means each game difference could be accounted for by being different map sets of the entire galaxy and really exist in the size they said. And either be different sols or different times where the maps were changed. Maybe raxxla is talking about this difference by people who noted it and realize the map system is being used to segregate people in the universe..
alexzk said:
Fits all raxxla theories and screenshots, except FSS shows nothing there ....
SPOILER: MAP
Did you check the third next to it. If the two stars that are rotating around each other count as one that planet with the rings is the 8th body from that giant star thing. I'd check it and the one before it to be safe. Plus it's the TDW that is the 8th planet and not raxxla supposedly. So, the position may not matter. I would scan everything. isn't raxxla supposed to be frozen?! Or described as being cold in some way. It might be an icy body. That would exponentially decrease the odds of it being found as it's a low value target then. Or at least delay it. Or course that may have been different before the exploration changes.
Last edited: Oct 21, 2019
Reactions:
Han_Zen and [PS4] Filthymick420