Louis Calvert
Oct 6, 2023
#31,690
I'm at the core helping with Canonn's Landscape Expedition at present. I've not given much thought to the Landscape Signal in the past, I'd been assuming it was just some background noise, but since Canonn has started a large-scale survey to find the source (or more likely show that there's nothing to find), I've been thinking about it more.

The signal was first reported on March 27th 3305 by Commander PublicStaticVoid, but it's assumed to have been there for longer, and it hasn't changed (AFAIK) since discovery.
Everyone can hear it from anywhere in the galaxy by looking towards Sagittarius A and listening with music off.
'Spiralling stars' could unquestionably be the galaxy itself.
'Jewel on the brow of the mother of galaxies' could conceivably be interpreted as Sagittarius A.
'Omphalos' could easily be Sagittarius A.
Perhaps it could be considered the 'Siren' or the 'Song of the Spheres', since it's an audio signal that does sound a lot like a sort of singing (link to a recording made by Commander Serbanstein).
A broader interpretation of Axis Mundi could relate to Sagittarius A too (as in the axis of the 'celestial spheres').
I think it was @CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian that speculated that Jaques 'misjump' might have been a hint, and Colonia certainly makes corewards explorations more feasible and drew more people out there, the later bridge project made it even easier to get there, etc...
The centre of the galaxy was always going to attract attention from explorers, in the early days it seemed impossibly far away and certainly was an epic journey. It's much easier now of course, but it's still a significant trek. If you wanted people to stumble upon something after a significant journey (including the personal journey to get a ship capable of it) then placing something near one of the most significant points of interest in the galaxy might be a good idea - but not so near that the first person to visit Sag A would immediately find it. The stars are so close there that there's thousands of systems within a few lightyears of Sag A.
Narratively, an alien species may construct something near the core of the Galaxy to make it accessible to everyone in the galaxy equally, or place it there to be found by future life since it's likely to attract attention, etc.etc. Plenty of reasons - maybe there's a network of galaxies connected by gates at the centres, so wherever you are you just head to the middle to jump to the next one? That would make a decent intergalactic transit system.

The Landscape Signal originates from a point between star systems (allegedly) only a few lightyears away from Sagittarius A. Canonn's expedition is charting a much wider area, they are expecting to find something orbital rather than planetary since the signal is pre-horizons and hasn't changed.

To me, this feels pretty promising, if only to remove one more thing from the list. If anyone is at a loose end in the game (like I was) and find the Thargoid stuff sadly lacking, and wants to do some exploring, sign up for the expedition, it's just visiting star systems and scanning everything and reporting findings, pretty chill

o7
Last edited: Oct 6, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae, El Saico, Han_Zen and 2 others