CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 7, 2023
#31,694
Rochester said:
Interesting assessment of Paradise Lost, especially in relation to the description of the pendant world.

The outside Shell of Milton's World on JSTOR
Allan H. Gilbert, The outside Shell of Milton's World, Studies in Philology, Vol. 20, No. 4 (Oct., 1923), pp. 444-447
www.jstor.org


If we take the FD recent memorial quote referencing Milton as a clue, in the absence of any other information, then the jewel which burns, is likely the , but it ought not sit on the brow of a mother of galaxies, but from the rim of the encircling wall of heaven or the .

In Paradise Lost the empyrean is described in part to be made of stars (unsure it’s a metaphor), likewise heaven might also be described like a mountain?


Within the Codex, the text ‘’ may simply relate to 'the biggest thing? And ‘of’ may inform this to be ‘

The text could be referencing a particular galaxy, maybe seen from a certain perspective? Or again is this, like the jewel that burns, poetic license and they are not talking of an actual galaxy, just something truly enormous and brilliant - like a galaxy, ergo the Empyrean?

I’m simply looking for poetic examples where the author may have made an allegory between the Empyrean and mountains?

Mountains were a key element in the journey to the ‘’. Referenced both in Holdcroft and M Brookes.

Is the Mother of galaxies not a reference but a metaphor or allegory for a type of mythic mount or point, does the pendant world hang or sit upon said system, named after a particular mount; because mountains do have brows!

Celtic burial mounds likewise were regarded as passages to this ‘Otherworld’. Are there any systems named after such monuments?

That is of course if the ‘Holdcroft’ hypothesis is correct
This still sounds like an Earth/Sol reference.

Gaia is and always will be a universal mother. Further, Earth is humanity's ancestral home.

Definition of EMPYREAN
empyreal… See the full definition
www.merriam-webster.com

If we take the FD recent memorial quote referencing Milton as a clue, in the absence of any other information, then the jewel which burns, is likely the pendant world, but it ought not sit on the brow of a mother of galaxies, but from the rim of the encircling wall of heaven or the Empyrean.
The pendant world is Earth.

Last edited: Oct 7, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae