Louis Calvert
Oct 7, 2023
#31,693
Rochester said:
Interesting assessment of Paradise Lost, especially in relation to the description of the pendant world.

The outside Shell of Milton's World on JSTOR
Allan H. Gilbert, The outside Shell of Milton's World, Studies in Philology, Vol. 20, No. 4 (Oct., 1923), pp. 444-447
www.jstor.org


If we take the FD recent memorial quote referencing Milton as a clue, in the absence of any other information, then the jewel which burns, is likely the , but it ought not sit on the brow of a mother of galaxies, but from the rim of the encircling wall of heaven or the .

In Paradise Lost the empyrean is described in part to be made of stars (unsure it’s a metaphor), likewise heaven might also be described like a mountain?


Within the Codex, the text ‘’ may simply relate to 'the biggest thing? And ‘of’ may inform this to be ‘

The text could be referencing a particular galaxy, maybe seen from a certain perspective? Or again is this, like the jewel that burns, poetic license and they are not talking of an actual galaxy, just something truly enormous and brilliant - like a galaxy, ergo the Empyrean?

I’m simply looking for poetic examples where the author may have made an allegory between the Empyrean and mountains?

Mountains were a key element in the journey to the ‘’. Referenced both in Holdcroft and M Brookes.

Is the Mother of galaxies not a reference but a metaphor or allegory for a type of mythic mount or point, does the pendant world hang or sit upon said system, named after a particular mount; because mountains do have brows!

Celtic burial mounds likewise were regarded as passages to this ‘Otherworld’. Are there any systems named after such monuments?

That is of course if the ‘Holdcroft’ hypothesis is correct
The Landscape signal is so called because it looks like mountains:


EDIT addition:
Oh interesting thing I found while looking up Sagittarius.
John Milton was a Sagittarius (according to astrology)
The WOW! Signal was received from the direction of Sagittarius.
The New Horizons probe is leaving the Sol system in the direction of Sagittarius - that probe was added to the game (admittedly so were the Voyagers).
These are almost certainly random coincidences ... probably
Last edited: Oct 7, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae, Rochester, Darrack and 1 other person