Rochester
Oct 5, 2023
#31,683
Han_Zen said:
The system names around Axis Mundi (including Axis Mundi) seem to be based on this list: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_mythological_places

Summerland, Lyonesse, Quivira, Thule and Asphodel are very close. Almost all the other places from that list are located in the 100-135 ly below the galactic plane region of the bubble. It's hard for me to see that Holdstock's Lost Realms have been used as a source at all.
Absolutely correct, and I don’t presume to advocate any of my hypothesis are canon, as I always attempt to apply a standard probability yardstick, where one can never truly be 100% certain.

Again I’ve tried to base my assessments upon correlations observed in game. There always exists a percentage of probability that other assessments exist.

I do personally see a very strong indication that the lost realms are the same as those indicated within the Codex, this is my primary analysis, as to if it’s a Holdstock influence or anything else might simply be irrelevant, but given the various links to Celtic mythology I feel the likelihood of that is, based upon observations in game, to be rather high.

If that were true then it does widen the investigation, and gives us additional context, however it’s true, one has to maintain balance and constantly weight assumptions against bias.

Again I like the Miltonian concept, but equally I feel the aspect of Holdstock alters the relationship of many system names.

There’s no universal truth between these two authors, Milton was not interested in Celtic mythology more so Classical Greek, Holdstock was a writer of fiction, and blurred influences to build something new, he was also very knowledgeable of pan-European migration and old-English mythology.

If the Holdstock connection were true it alters the insight into how FD approached Raxxla. We’ve received indications in this thread that Raxxla was very much the work of Brookes and not Braben, evident again in the galactic tour memorial.

This could be backed up through additional insight from other sources who likewise have said Brookes was very much an advocate for Holdstock whilst Braben was not. That’s speculation.

If we begin to see elements in game which collectively may have a common link then the possibility of this relationship rises. However this is speculation and we are in a realm of speculative analysis because we are operating in a vacuum, with very little evidence, it’s a game, filled with errors, and much of its fiction, written by academics and non-academics alike.

But that’s why we quest, let’s try and prove it wrong, maybe it is?
Last edited: Oct 6, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Edelgard von Rhein and Han_Zen