Louis Calvert
Feb 7, 2018
#1,663
Cmdr Shijima said:
Forgive my ignorance Louis but "Acherons"? This is the first I've heard mention of them and a (admittedly quick) Google search didn't reveal anything obvious...

Sorry, it's entirely possible I made the name up at some point! It's these things (which I dearly wish there was more info on):

"Indigenous Species of Achenar
The planet Capitol in the Achenar system had alien sentient life. They unintentionally went extinct due to human colonists who brought bacteria to the planet in the middle of the 23rd century. The bacteria were deadly for the indigenous species. There wasn't much appreciation for alien sentient life at the time.

The system of Achenar was chosen for the outdoor world orbiting one of its gas giants, already capable of supporting human life, now known as Capitol. There was already life on the planet and though Duval didn’t know it at the time, one of the few known sentient species watched their landings.

Back then, life was known to be plentiful throughout the galaxy, though it wasn’t appreciated how rare sentient life was. Before long the species was made extinct by the settlers, mainly through imported bacteria. Much later, this extinction would later be used as a pretext for Federal intervention in the system."

http://elite-dangerous.wikia.com/wiki/Achenar

Thinking about it, maybe Achenerions? Acheneronines? Achenerites?

There's also the Mars artefact, which I forgot to mention. It may or may not be Guardian, but it's unlikely to be Thargoid. That might represent another Sentient race.

Non-Human Relic
In 2280, the first non-human relic was found in space. The object was found buried on Mars; it was no bigger than a child's hand and is still surrounded in secrecy, even in 3300. No information has ever been circulated as to the properties of this item or its origin, other than it is non-human.

http://elite-dangerous.wikia.com/wiki/Sol/Mars
Last edited: Feb 7, 2018
Reactions:
Cmdr Shijima and madbilly