Jorki Rasalas
Nov 7, 2020
#19,643
rOmiLaYu said:
Those two are the strongest choices to this CMDR. Some hapless CMDR in the early days had a short range discovery scanner and honked the system only to reveal the star and the rock ring. Raxxla was out of range.

If it is in a permit locked system, said CMDR would have had to have visited it prior to it being locked. Which would narrow down which system it could be.

But even after this rumour was apparently "confirmed," I'm still not sure I believe it.

I could believe it if there was more evidence for it; it’s the first thing that suggested to me that it might be in the bubble. But DB’s statement that “it’s in-game, but we don’t know what it is” makes me hypothesise, potentially wildly. It could be ideally obfuscated as a commonplace item (man-made or astronomical body), since nobody would think twice about it. If it is an astronomical body how would we recognise it? Is it actually named “Raxxla” in the system map/nav panel? Or is it named something else and only close inspection would raise suspicions that it isn’t what it’s supposed to be? If it is named “ Raxxla” then what sort of name is that? Sounds alien to me, so something Guardian, Thargoid or other? Is it a genship? A wreck? A comet? An NPC ship? An asteroid? A moon? A star? A rogue planet? A space station built to surround/obfuscate it? The icon looks to me like a dodecahedron station with 33 lights around the entrance & looking in at the landing lights...

A named asteroid within an asteroid belt, or a rogue planet, could be extremely difficult to find. Especially if a rogue planet (or any of the other object types) is wandering around at the extremes of a system.

My brain hurts!
As well as my hands!!!

After disconnecting my VKB dual sticks I’ve finally got the game to see my CH hotas again, with headtracking also working, but my hands are only just slightly improving after a week of no play, so it may be a while before I go looking again for either Raxxla or TDW.
Frustrated of Rasalas!
Reactions:
Fiera and [PS4] Filthymick420