Noobilite
Feb 3, 2020
#14,957
Isn't Raxxla backwards Alxx aR phonetically.That could be Alex R. or Alex Ryder.

Hasn't the game used little things like this in the past to correlate names to their story lines/elements?

And if we go the time line way and say it couldn't be. What if he is a clone or the descendant of a clone? Hexedit anyone?

Also, maybe there is a reason he and his father kept finding or trying to find it. Maybe that is the reason and they are clones of someone who knew the location a long time ago(maybe the original discoverers) and are cloned to make them find it for someone like the club or TDW. They could have started cloning at any point in history, or multiple points in history, to use them to find it. Maybe that is part of why clones exist. Military or other organizations could have killed them(or the original discoverers) a thousand years ago and cloned them since then to find it. Our ships are probably giant spy machines for PF or anyone who can access the system info. Who knows what is supposed to be going on.

All of this fits with the original story elements from the first game potentially.

I don't know if cloning someone would logically produce that effect directly(who knows though), but from a story magic sense it might work. Or if you made up more about modifying the clone to use as seeker, or with some partial info from the living person brain, or some aspect of the brain you could utilize in a clever way.

Logically the game does set us up to follow the path of Alex ryder. Or it at least gives us the option. This stuff about a journey could be following his path also. Has anyone fully reproduced his steps in the game. I know people have at least partially done this.

Hypothetical: Raxxla is related to guardian tech somehow. The original finder/explorer was genetically linked and the tech can scan brains and find all info within it's limits and AI about a persons existance. The original finders were killled a long time ago, after finding Raxxla, and cloned in a way they would not know they were clones and sent out to search for it like they originally did. When they knew they were close they made sure one was named Alex Ryder, the orginal name of the finder of Raxxla.(if a name is attached to the techs security systems) This would require him to not know what he is to find and access the tech. He is supposed to do this for the other groups to bypass the security systems involved to get and use it for their own purposes. TDW and other things could even be reproducing the original life of the explorers in order to make them live a life and have as close as possible to the same experiences of the original explorer who found Raxxla(or what ever criteria are important). This is to allow the clone to access the tech and allow others to take control of it. They could have even needed to reproduce multiple gererations of the same familiy to reproduce a real belief in who he is that reproduced the original discoverer. Maybe they have made his, "family," play out the same history for a certain period of time until a new Alex Ryder is born and then goes to Raxxla for another attempt at getting the tech. All of the controls and politics could be partially to reproduce this. Including Pilots Federation and other elements of the games history or the clones lives. Or at least as much as would be needed. How similar is the sudden change in tech we have now to when Raxxla was supposedly found. Maybe it's a reproduction to some degreee of the original expansion of humans into space. It has many shared elements.

If Alex Ryder did find it and they didn't get control, they either have to reset and do it again or cloning tech advanced, and/or the fact they have his brain to scan could lead to a faster cloing/reproduction process as the original clones may not have had a way to gain the same knowledge as easily or accurately to act as a key.

Are there NPC's with the same names and/or ship names in the same locations as the original story? Maybe we can play out the original novel that came with Elite.

What if they expected this to happen very early in the game to start certain story lines and it's way behind schedule now and they keep sending drew to drop hints!! ><

They said no clues. But is that only from Fdev or from anyone. What is unstated could say everything.

Maybe we need to apply some reverse psychology to everything they have said or haven't said and think it out differently. What defines a clue?! Maybe things we think are not related to Raxxla are... We don't even know what Raxxla is to know what can or can't be related to it.
Last edited: Feb 3, 2020
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, HortonHearsABoo, Hanerib and 5 others