CMDR Zulu
Oct 8, 2020
#19,216
CMDR Zulu said:
I’m starting to think Triton (not Lucifer) is what we’re looking for. It’s a young “unremarkable moon” and was captured by Neptune in a way that indicates it came from the Kuiper belt (or outside our solar system in this case) making it a unique object in the solar system.
Raxxla was public knowledge by the time Tau Ceti was colonized...Tau Ceti was the first colony outside of Sol, meaning the Raxxla myth started either in Sol or Tau Ceti.

Alex Ryder tells us as much with the way he named his sons Neptune and Oberon. Neptune Ryder wanted to find Raxxla. Neptune is a hint to Triton, one of two permit locked bodies in Sol. The way to get these permits is unknown.

Oberon wanted to find Soontill. Both brothers found Soontill. Oberon is a hint to Thargoids. Oberon is King of Fairies in Midsummer Nights Dream. His Queen Titania and him begin quarreling causing a lot of confusion. This is reference to Klaxian Thargoids and Oresrian Conflict. Titania fell in love with a mechanic...perhaps this is a reference to the Ryder brothers working with Soontill. Liz Ryder and “terrorists” are using modified thargoid explosives, allegedly.

We need to copy the Ryder brothers and choose to go after Soontill rather than Raxxla. Raxxla is permit locked and being exploited. We have Thargoid Probe, Sensor, and Array. That had hidden messages in them, in audio and Morse code. Thats the Dark Wheels test. Use the probes, find Soontill, then comes Raxxla.
Click to expand...
I believe we’re looking for a planet that has a Thargoid base on it like we’ve seen previously but this one in particular may have human construction with it to accompany the traditional spiral shaped structures. As mentioned in “And here the Wheel”.

I believe we’ve also seen some of Raxxla’s capabilities put on display subtlety. The personal droids that were all watching people against their knowledge made by that Achilles company. The Cerberus Plague, the symptoms described from the plague fell way more in line with radiation poisoning and caused by a “phage” that had a Tri pointed structure on it (a hint towards Triton or a Trident and Neptune). This plague was cured by Tea of all things....sure...they just stopped blasting people with radiation when they were satisfied.

A more strange one. The computer competition. Herculean Machines made the Dura Drive and won. This alludes to Raxxla imo. Supratech and Scorpio DeVarrow (Nice bug reference frontier) made the Torc. A Spiral Shaped device that uses holograms. Where else have we seen Spiraling Holograms!? At Thargoid structures after using the probes. What happened that caused Supratech to fall behind? Their warehouses were burned just like Soontill was burned in the book. “You have to make some things obvious”-Michael Brookes

Also notice that Greek mythological things seem to refer to Raxxla capabilities which I assume is Guardian tech or AI being used by the club to draw attention of the majority to other locations. The Club knew about Guardian tech well before players discovered them, HOW? Unless they’ve been using it all along to maintain dominance.

Edit: A long time ago I sent Commander Marcos Black into the bubble with the thargoid probe suite to test a theory, which I’m very grateful to him for, but he never played the audio file to trigger the Thargoid devices laser beam. It’s a lot of work but we have to do that several times over if possible and in multiple systems. To find the right thargoid structure, I believe.
Last edited: Oct 8, 2020
Reactions:
Fiera, Macros Black, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 2 others