Hanerib
Feb 22, 2018
#1,802
dizzoballs said:
There is somewhat of a paradox involved in it being in game. What happens if we do find it? It would literally be the biggest find in ED. It would have major impact to the entire game lore.

This is something that keeps me up at nights too. If Raxxla was really found, it would have a huge impact. It would change the game for a lot of players permanently, a huge risk. Frontier must have thought of that at some point.

I actually think they've been reading this thread a lot when planning for Q4 update. Here all sorts of mysterious and interesting phenomena are being speculated and discussed. What explorers really expect to find, or would like to expect. Something weird happening on scanner, stuff like that. Perhaps Raxxla being a scripted event, where you'd see a glimpse of "something" would be smart, that would make a lot of sense.

It would seem obvious to expect Raxxla being something buried deep in game engine, like rogue planets and comets are apparently, something that would exist in theory but thats about it really. Unless you could do the math and calculate planets and their locations by yourself, do the sciency stuff without any scanners. I wonder if that's possible..

I'm still intrigued by the idea that somebody already found it, and didn't bother to make a reddit post about it. There's plenty of motivations for doing so, it even fits perfectly to the game lore. A great social experiment from Frontiers side. Remember how long some player groups were able to keep secret they were using a bug in engineering? It's a game after all. Could turn very ugly too.

Back to the scripted event idea. It's the "Frontier wins" option. Nobody gets feeling too fulfilled, finished, empty, causing mayhem in social channels, but delightfully interested instead, and the hunt goes on. It would be a compromise though, everybody who has spent hours searching for, Voyager probes for example, would see that.

Louis Calvert said:
IMO:A Certain celestial body = It's actually a celestial body. i.e. a planet/moon - not a "state of being" or a "higher vibration" or "witchspace", etc.
Raxxla being "higher vibrations", "Christmas spirit", "the feeling you get after succesfully contributing to a community goal" or "the secret elite pilots federation system" are plausible in my opinion, but rather disappointing option.

Various more exotic celestial bodies, such as black holes, could be described as "state of being", maybe even "higher vibration" too, being weird like that.

I wouldn't even exclude "Witchspace". It's the game mechanic of choice for interstellar travel, but at the same time, Frontier has been quite serious about building realistic looking galaxy for a simulation game. The witchspace tunnel starts looking pretty normal after 10000 jumps or so, but nevertheless, nothing like that really exists, it's completely alien. They must have thought of explanation or more background story for it.

Sorry if it's just repeating old stuff, this thread is huge and I really needed a break from hauling palladium.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and madbilly