CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jul 3, 2023
#30,735
It is entirely possible we are trying to find Mayflower 97 because it appears that it should not have gotten more than 107.46 LY from Tau Ceti. Relevant journal from First Encounters:

COLONY SHIP DETECTED
S.L.A.M

Astronomers using Excessively Long Baseline Interferometry (ELBI) to conduct a survey of distant radio sources believe that they may have detected the “Mayflower 97” slower-than-light colony ship, which was launched from orbit around Luna in 2097.

ELBI remains a somewhat inexact science, because receiving stations are placed so far apart that considerations of simultaneity become an issue in interpreting the results, but the patterns received by the Distant Radio Survey group do indeed appear to show radio emissions characteristic of a Bussard ramjet moving with a relativistic velocity of almost 60% of the speed of light. The “Mayflower 97” carried nearly a thousand passengers and crew, plus domestic animals and extensive gene banks to aid in the colonisation of Earth-like worlds which were presumed to exist around nearby stars.

Archaeological evidence suggests that it did indeed successfully reach its first port of call at Tau Ceti, but the fate of both ship and crew thereafter was unknown until now.

The ship’s tremendous speed in real space makes it Impractical to attempt a rendezvous, so the “Mayflower” will presumably be left to continue on its way, bearing with it any descendants of its original complement.

Mayflower 2097 is canonical per GalNet entry "Galactic News: Generation Ships" which cities departure as 2097 which matches the journal's claims (source: https://community.elitedangerous.com/galnet/uid/57b6f0089657ba686d4f8629 ).

There's a plot twist, though. Mayflower 97 may have never gotten back out of Tau Ceti...

POSICLES
J.F.

They’ve just found a great big space ship out by Tau Ceti and guess what, it’s filled with? Corpsicles. These cool guys had this sort of sugar grown in their bodies and then they sat in a hot room until they shrivelled up! Pop ‘em in the freezer and they last for ever. Freeze-dried people, just add water like a pot-noodle! Doesn’t seem much fun to us. I mean, they’ve been frozen for thousands of years.

Now what sort of fashion sense are they gonna have when they get out? They’ll be a right lot of beanheads!! It’ll be kipper ties and thirty inch flares with platform soles!!!

Still, maybe they’ll all get jobs running fashion museums.
Last edited: Jul 3, 2023
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and Rochester