[Diplomacy] Carnegie
Jul 29, 2019
#9,931
CMDR Maylor Rom said:
Something strange in 27 Cass, see if you agree?

I have been looking at the orrey of 27 Cass and found something unusual. The Black Hole is on a circular orbit around something in the center of it's orbit which is not visible.

First, black holes DO NOT ORBIT other bodies given their tremendous gravitational pull. Other bodies orbit black holes because the black hole has more gravity than do other bodies and this is how we discovered Sag-A in real life. We calculated the orbits of bodies around black holes which we CANNOT SEE directly, and given these calculations of other visible bodies orbiting black holes, we then conclude that the mass we cannot see IS A BLACK HOLE. This is scientific fact. This is how we discover black holes we cannot see directly. So, In Elite, in 27 Cass, we have a black hole "orbiting something" we cannot see or find. What is this black hole orbiting?

Black Hole at 27 Cass (orbiting something) (Black holes do not orbit, period.)


The second problem here is that the Black Hole (Oribiting something) is also being orbited by a Neutron Star. In my web research, I have not found any references to a Neutron Star orbiting a black hole, not to say it is impossible, but given both have extreme gravitational attractions with the black hole having more gravitational force, the neutron star would eventually be pulled in. Besides this, black holes and neutron stars are both collapsed stars and black holes are created by very large dying stars of sufficient mass to create a black hole. If the dying star does not have sufficient mass, it will become a neutron star as opposed to a black hole. This gets stranger because we have both a black hole and a neutron star in the same system. So, this implies there were two dying stars, possibly a binary pair of stars, both which have collapsed, but far enough apart not to destroy one another in the collapse of each, one becoming a black hole and one becoming a neutron star, both in the "same" system. This, if it were discovered in real life astronomy, would be a galactic discovery in it's own right. So, this is a very "unique" system indeed.

Moving on, there seems to be some corrolation between the neutron star and the black hole as it relates to the Raxxla symbol and a Thagroid site. See if you agree.

This Thagroid site (a representation of a known Thagroid Site) has similar representations if compared to the neutron star and black hole in 27 Cass.


Furthermore, the Raxxla Symbol has some similarities to both the Thagroid site and the black hole and neutron star when viewed in the Galaxy Map.


Raxxla Symbol noting some similarities with Galaxy Map system locator. I imposed the system locator over the black hole in 27 Cass.



In conclusion, I think 27 Cass may hold some clues to the location of Raxxla. It is found close enough to the bubble. It has a strange set of bodies which should not exist together. It has an orbiting black hole, which also should not occur and there should be something in the center of the black hole's orbit which has more mass than the black hole itself. What would cause a black hole to orbit? What ever it is, has to have more gravitational mass than a black hole. That seems impossible.

o7...
Click to expand...

A few of things (without wanting to shoot anyone down...)

Firstly, neutron stars orbiting black holes - maybe...
Science | AAAS
www.sciencemag.org

Secondly, black holes are affected by gravity just like everything else, so they're perfectly capable of orbiting things. Neutron stars are upwards 1.4 stellar masses and stellar black holes at the bottom end are about 5 - stick those two together and they'll orbit a common barycenter, just like 27 Cass.

Thirdly, 27 Cass having a black hole and neutron star doesn't make it particularly special. I was just ligging around the Circinus Pulsar, which has exactly that composition.
EDSM - Elite Dangerous Star Map
The Galactic Positioning System of Elite: Dangerous at your service.
www.edsm.net
Interestingly there, the NS is the large body (14 stellar masses) compared to the BH at 4.5.

Also, TrA X1 is a fun little system with 3 black holes.
EDSM - Elite Dangerous Star Map
The Galactic Positioning System of Elite: Dangerous at your service.
www.edsm.net

Aside from that, I'm just gonna mention that the Thargoid site looks like a crop circle to me.
Reactions:
Fiera, Vasquess, Count dEstard and 5 others