Jorki Rasalas
Jun 26, 2023
#30,710
Rochester said:
Now that is interesting.

Memory and time play odd tricks, I always recalled this video as more dismissive! Ironically after some time seeing it and revisiting this I agree that FD do confirm it!

My incredulity needs further calming so I need to re-watch this a few times to let it sink in.

Asteroids and ringed belts would be a good location, roids pre-mining updates were rather dull affairs, it would be a perfect location, and would identify the ‘we know why it’s not been found’ assumption, because pre-updates these likely didn’t get much attention.

Interesting.

The three arcs of the logo might suggest an asteroid station, since those three arcs are displayed at the entrance to all such stations, so logically Raxxla might be in an asteroid belt (though admittedly some asteroid statiins are in planetary rings). But asteroid stations only came out in a later release. I suspect a planetary ring is more likely, drop into one and there are thousands of asteroids displayed and planetary rings are much bigger than the (3 to 12) discrete asteroid clusters you find in many systems' "asteroid belt". It could be a main asteroid belt as in Sol, where you can drop out of SC and get an indication of proximity to an asteroid cluster but nothing is shown. The only way you know you’re near it is by using the orrery view (which was strangely delayed...). Such a belt might be called an omphalos I suppose... at a stretch. Maybe we need to go back and further explore Sol’s main belt? I seem to remember when I first investigated that main asteroid belt (around Dec 2021) and got distracted by the “phantom green glow” that there were several such mythical "clusters"...guess it’s possible the trigger is that you have to drop in at all of them, but seem to remember there was a problem/bug with that....



Yesterday reviewed my notes & Condensing everything we know:

“Raxxla has been circulating, in whispers, for centuries...mysterious place, the location of which is a deadly secret....unremarkable moon....Omphalos Rift gateway/tunnel...concealed facts about the mysterious locale in “Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars” ”?

Circulating: orbiting?

Whispers: undiscovered object? Charon's name is generally only spoken in whispers for fear that he may come when called. Charon appears on MB’s tattoo.

Deadly: pluto/charon; persephone (aka Libera/Proserpina; both parent's grief and lover's woe); primordial black hole; Triton (mother gaia permit lock)

Persephone: parent’s grief+lover’s woe, queen of underworld-> necromancy, aka Kore/Core (c.f. Rumour, Art Tornqvist & Cora), symbol 6-sided pomegranate seed

currently trying to drop into the Pluto-Charon (an unremarkable moon) barycentre (possibly an "omphalos")...the only one in Sol...Charon's name was supposed to be said only in whispers in case he heard and was called. And Pluto/Charon were at "the outer rim" the original game release.

no luck so far!
Last edited: Jun 26, 2023
Reactions:
Rochester and John Stoutbeard