Jorki Rasalas
Aug 26, 2024
#34,630
Ian Doncaster said:
Poked around the 8th gas giant moons in the in-bubble SAO systems while carrying a trinket and a SAP 8, nothing obviously there.

Looking around HIP 9369 now - it's an interesting system even if it's nothing to do with the mystery, so that's nice
All the gas giants are around a very distant secondary star and from the discovery/map record may only have ever been remote-imaged. Even with the new SCO it's going to be quite a journey.

EDIT: well, it would have been a brilliant place to hide something - far enough from the bubble that its secondary star wouldn't attract casual inspection, hidden in plain sight by a star catalogue designation mismatch, etc. but obviously there's nothing actually here that I can find round either 8th moon of a gas giant.

(As always with the Dark Wheel station, the Codex picture worries me because it seems physically implausible, but why have it there if it's not one taken from the actual station?)
Click to expand...
That codex picture has been graphically manipulated. I had a quick look at it ages ago (search this thread). IIRC comparing it against the rear view of a similar station (think I used the one in Aulin ) it was obvious the colour had been shifted & I posted a colour -corrected view & I think that changed the star type to a cool red dwarf M6. But then I think the geometry is also wrong-cant be that close to a planet and star...so the question is whether it is meant to resemble the TDW station (IF it exists & isn't just a rumour/misinformation by Lyta Crane as suggested by the codex phrasing) but is distorted to obfuscate it's location, or whether it just more flavour - with FD we just don't know!

Edit
I rather suspect TDW, their station, Raxxla, old E/F missions, different original spellings of Pilots' Federation factions (one of which would be "the real TDW") were all part of a storyline which was a pet project of MB, and a tribute to Holdstock, but was deleted when (or before) he left ED. I think Raxxla is still in-game as an easter egg, but I reserve judgement on anything else-I think the Thargoid bashing storyline emphasis killed it off on "commercial" grounds-more people prefer pewpew to intellectual puzzles.
Last edited: Aug 26, 2024
Reactions:
Rochester and simulacrae