selbie
Aug 26, 2024
#34,633
Jorki Rasalas said:
That codex picture has been graphically manipulated. I had a quick look at it ages ago (search this thread). IIRC comparing it against the rear view of a similar station (think I used the one in Aulin ) it was obvious the colour had been shifted & I posted a colour -corrected view & I think that changed the star type to a cool red dwarf M6. But then I think the geometry is also wrong-cant be that close to a planet and star...so the question is whether it is meant to resemble the TDW station (IF it exists & isn't just a rumour/misinformation by Lyta Crane as suggested by the codex phrasing) but is distorted to obfuscate it's location, or whether it just more flavour - with FD we just don't know!

Edit
I rather suspect TDW, their station, Raxxla, old E/F missions, different original spellings of Pilots' Federation factions (one of which would be "the real TDW") were all part of a storyline which was a pet project of MB, and a tribute to Holdstock, but was deleted when (or before) he left ED. I think Raxxla is still in-game as an easter egg, but I reserve judgement on anything else-I think the Thargoid bashing storyline emphasis killed it off on "commercial" grounds-more people prefer pewpew to intellectual puzzles.
Click to expand...
Yep definitely heavy saturation applied to the image and the only possible scenario I can think of for that heavily zoomed angle would be if the supposed 'unnamed gas giant' is somewhere off camera.
The most telling for me is that we are told it is a "disused starport". Meaning at some point in history its location was known to humans. That would imply a named system, with enough justification to support the construction of a major starport - which would imply a big enough population that would logically assign a name to said gas giant. Also even though an Orbis design does mean it's technically possible to strap engines on to hide it somewhere, the idea of secretly hauling an entire station falls apart if Jacques Station is the only station in lore to have been transported post-construction. So if that fact stands then it could only ever be in human-settled systems.

So either it has been REALLY well hidden and has a good explanation for how it got there, or the image doesn't represent the real station and it could be some tiny outpost with a single landing pad.
I strongly doubt it has been removed entirely, because that would go against a lot of what MB and the early dev teams would have worked on to implement. What they definitely did do is attempt to remove any misleading groups or named elements that would lead people astray. Time will tell (hopefully).
Reactions:
simulacrae