Jorki Rasalas
Jan 30, 2020
#14,865
Filthymick420 said:
No. I havent figured much of the riddle out at all. Most of my knowledge in game comes from this thread and a few posts and youtube videos from guru-951.

Most of my theories were based on comparing the Raxxla image to things in game with similar shapes from different angles.

One involved how close the Raxxla image looked compared to a specific image of a tesseract, but without any ideas of where we should be looking.

Another was, i thought the guardian beacon from a certain perspective looked very similar to the Raxxla image's specific shape, but still no real idea of how to use that.

I wish i could be more useful to the thread but im just learning as info comes along.

I cant find either images to display anymore but they are buried in this thread, somewhere in the last 300 pages or so.
Click to expand...

I suspect there’s a strong link between Raxxla and either Guardians or Thargoids. To me the “xx” sounds suspiciously like the grating of a claw on a wingcase (), it sounds like an alien name, but I think Guardian rather than Goid. It seems to fit the lore better, and I think the alien artefact on Mars is a clue hence my current emphasis on searching Sol.

It would make sense for a mission chain to lead us towards it, and would fit with DB’s stated expectations of the way gameplay would unfold. If it is in Sol then it’s hidden or permit-locked (Triton lock has always seemed suspicious). I had a tip-off the other day from Sol Nationalists (or similar), but it was a massacre mission & I’m too old, slow reflexes, rheumaticky and just not interested in that side of play. I have only done missions for Mother Gaia in Sol, so don’t know why I should get a tip-off from that faction, if there is a reason other than rng with sufficient time in-system (which is what I suspect for TO missions, though follow-on missions seem a little different and may be more pertinent).
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, John Stoutbeard, Cunder and 1 other person