Spaceman Spiff
May 2, 2021
#23,097
Vetinari said:
Partly because it would be simple to rule out as a bug by asking Frontier Support and partly because extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.
Honestly, I don't see it as either a claim or extraordinary. Just a fact. There are signals. Everyone can see them. Your reasoning on ruling it out is fair, just not for me in this particular case.

Vetinari said:
This, and this includes seeing if its a bug first and then only chasing things which arent or cant be confirmed as a bug.. A closed mind would not check if it is a bug and assume it must mean something.
I would (respectfully) argue that needing to check if it's a bug every time is perhaps the more closed-minded approach? Being married 100% to method/process is a little hard for me with this game. I need there to be some mystery and adventure (this is what I go with for open-mindedness in this context), and that doesn't work with the strict "assume it's a bug" approach (unless it really is a bug)

Vetinari said:
Which is fine but you may end up burned out chasing many false leads that turn out to be simple bugs. Read the thread from P1 for many examples.
Nothing to really chase here, at this point. It's just an observation that I like to track. I waste about 3 seconds every jump to 0-throttle and FSSS. And then 10 more to make a note when/if I find anything. But that's all. I certainly don't chase many leads at all, let alone false ones.

As for the rest, I guess I'm a little surprised (and maybe even a little sad) that I would appear I need explained to me. lol. I guess it kinda makes sense, as I feel just a little different about this game than I do about real life, and what I communicate may not present as completely level. But in game, I need to reasonably balance my instinct to be scientific and methodical with an excitement for the possibilities, and some faith in FD/DB.

So, in my opinion: I am just like you, with a lenience (in-game) for just a little mystery in my research. And that plays through in my outright refusal to make the first step of every single investigation "ask Fdev if it's a bug", as long as it passes my initial smell test.

Anyway, I think that's all I'll say on it. I have lots of respect for most people who frequent this forum, and enjoy absorbing most of what they/you say. I just personally can't go all-in on the "assume it's a bug and go from there" method, that's all.

Also, just to be clear (I can't believe I need to say this), I don't take offense at people disagreeing or not jumping on-board.... far from. I do honestly invite (and appreciate) anyone discrediting or proving otherwise any of the few actual theories I have, same as most people here I suspect. This was never a disagreement about a theory, just about bugs!
Reactions:
Vetinari