Spaceman Spiff
May 1, 2021
#23,083
Koben said:
Ok... I'll drop this here because this requires more eyes to investigate.

I was flying again in New Yembo and as I mentioned before, there are 3 asteroid belts "missing"
(4 belts are displayed in "system map" but only 3 clusters present on the 1st belt close to the main star).

Currently I'm at body 16F trying to find any clustes by flying in SC to try and drop on its "region".
Anywho... when I opened the FSS I spoted an (!) signal source just by the "Asteroid Cluster" signal.
(Quite strange once this (!) signal has no "label" or indication of what it might be like the others.

So, yeah... feel free to go check it by yourself.



Cheers!
Click to expand...
Yep. If you look closely you will notice the "3" overlaying an "11". So there are 11 "unidentified" signals in New Yembo. As you suggest, I believe these are likely all asteroid clusters within the designated "empty" asteroid belts around the 3 large outer planets. These are the same ones that I have been investigating in Sol, there are 8 of 'em.

I have been keeping a watchful eye out for these anomalies since I noticed them a few months ago, and have since found 25 systems with these same "invisible" signals.
However, in my opinion this does nothing to diminish the significance of the find. I very much believe the occurrences in Sol and New Yembo are in fact denoting the missing asteroids in the belts that we know are there. But I am also going to mention that I believe these signals in other systems may or may not be denoting different objects. Things like cloaked ships, possibly asteroids, or even stations (Yes, the list does include Shinrarta Dezhra, it has 3).

These mystery signals do not seem to correlate with stations, settlements, or anything else that I can see. They appear to be nothing that we can see on our scanners. I personally believe these signals suggest that:
A cloaking technology is in play, a subterfuge device of a shadow power (club?), or
Universal Cartographics / Pilot's Federation are either willfully or under duress limiting what we can see with our ship-board navigational computers.
Last edited: May 1, 2021
Reactions:
simulacrae, Han_Zen, X8785 and 4 others