Vetinari
V
May 1, 2021
#23,094
Spaceman Spiff said:
I have no idea why this is so easily the default position... it truly baffles me.

Partly because it would be simple to rule out as a bug by asking Frontier Support and partly because extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.

Rochester said:
I try and keep an open mind.

This, and this includes seeing if its a bug first and then only chasing things which arent or cant be confirmed as a bug.. A closed mind would not check if it is a bug and assume it must mean something.

Spaceman Spiff said:
"Hope for the best, prepare for the worst" vs. "prepare for the worst, hope for the best" kinda thing

Which is fine but you may end up burned out chasing many false leads that turn out to be simple bugs. Read the thread from P1 for many examples.

Rochester said:
I’m a scientist,

Which brings us back to the beginning, isolate checkable fact first, like potential bugs or things that arent unique and then look closer at whats left. Its not harsh to say this. It just stops chasing false leads for the scientific approach, its the Control Test, the 'double blind' to get rid of personal bias.

Ive chased many things down and Im fond of saying 'darn evidence getting in the way of my tinfoil'. I love tinfoil but I also know when to stop, so dont be surprised if some of us think that the first step is to prove its not a bug, it just means we hone in on and focus on things that definitely arent or cant be proven to be. And on the face of it, 25 systems isnt unique and all the ones you listed have been 'interfered' with or are hand-crafted by Frontier so may not play by proc-gen Stellar Forge rules, increasing likelihood the same bug has infected them all. Thats all, its not an attack, and those of us with a more scientific approach will point that out as the first logical check. Its not saying youre wrong, nobody can say that yet, its just saying 'have you thought of...?'

Once youve ruled out the impossible, whatever remains must be the truth. Just for some of us reading some of the theories the impossible hasnt been ruled out is all. Doesnt mean we dont have fun or dont believe its out there in the over 99.5% of unexplored systems or its something else and we wont stop looking. But we wont jump on every theory as 'must be something in it' either. Its fine if you want to but know that others wont. Theres room for both but questioning should be fine for both ways of looking.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, {SAS}Stalker and Rochester