Comandante
Oct 26, 2022
#27,532
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Can I just ask the following: if the Elite series is deemed to be in the same universe across all the games, Can we supplement our knowledge with the older lore in the other games? We have a number of renamed systems and/or planets between the gazetteer of Frontiers and the journals of First Encounters. Are those then fair game? I believe Frontier Developments has gone on the record to state it should be findable via Elite Dangerous itself. But are the gazetteer, journals, and prior manuals valid insofar as supplementing what we are given in Elite Dangerous if we are dealing with a singular Elite Universe?
No, we cannot supplement our knowledge.

The original games led to this one; Elite Dangerous lore is completely isolated from previous stories and characters unless those characters have been incorporated into this version of the game (Lave plus the other worlds; Thargoids; Raxxla; TDW; Jameson's and Ryder's; Generation ships, etc.). On top of that you have the fiction released associated with the game via books.

Allen wrote an excellent article on this thread several (probably more) pages back about this matter, I believe - not wanting to put words in his mouth. I'll see if I can dig it out later.
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Unfortunately, with Elite Dangerous we were left questioning how much of the older lore is valid. I think I've made the case that most is valid provided statements which may include propaganda or half-truths have some level of validity. I ask mainly because if the mythical station for The Dark Wheel exists, it is buried via systems where history has been buried by changes. I believe we have found some of the important stations which are the so-called palm tree stations or white stations. But the station that proves the authenticity of The Dark Wheel is still very much missing in action. The mythical station's proof, though, may not be material goods so much as something else. After all, we are told:

Find The Dark Wheel, find Raxxla.
We are not left questioning the old lore. That which is not explicitly incorporated into this game is not part of the lore - at all.
Reactions:
CMDR Davanix, yelboc, SpocksOddSocks and 3 others