Rochester
Oct 27, 2022
#27,538
What if Pandemonium is the celestial South Pole?

Warning space madness.

Not currently in game; what systems reside around the rough coordinates of: -33.5; 114; -47? (Edited).

For context, this is a location roughly opposite (to a degree) of Pandemonium, with Sol as the central axis, drawing a pole straight through them.

* This post will be updated/amended with further ramblings…

Putting aside for a moment my Yggdrasil conundrum, and the Tau Ceti sphere of influence; if we follow the logical application of Pandemonium’s placement, as identified by John Milton in Paradise Lost, it ought to be directly below Earth and directly opposite the Empyrean! In game that’s not entirely apparent, as it sits a little way off galactic south…but what if that’s intentional?

* The above image shows Pandemonium in relation to Sol (centre) with a pole drawn through them to identify celestial north and celestial south!


* Milton’s Division of universal space - Masson / Miltons Astronomy 1913

When Lucifer first observed the universe from the vantage point of the golden stairs from the apex, he saw as far between Aries and Libra; north and south. If we now introduce these two constellations into the equation they obviously align as East and West, identifying Pandemonium being at the actual South Celestial Pole.


* Above shows Aries and Libra, tilted so they correlate (left and right) with Pandemonium as the south pole and ‘-33.5; 114; -47’ as north.


* Celestial Equator and Ecliptic open source.

Taking Milton’s universe as inspiration, then Pandemonium sits well within the lower hemisphere (Chaos) as I presume was placed precisely as the South Celestial Pole! interestingly various other systems linked to Yggdrasil’s underworld are also in this lower hemisphere.

The upper hemisphere is effectively the heavens. This area is well within the sphere of influence depicted by the Tau Ceti 2296 sphere.

My running rambling theory then, is based on a presumption, what if M Brookes placed Raxxla in a location linked to the upper convex, the opening of the Jasper Sea (a literal portal) where the heavenly gates also reside… (a key motif in M Brookes commissioned artworks)!

This technically, according to Milton ought to be someplace within this upper hemisphere…the Empyrean!

Oddly if accurate Lucifers viaduct (which his offspring built him to aid his journey out of hell to the crystalline shell, ought not invade this Empyrean but touch the outer sphere whilst still in the realm of chaos (lower hemisphere / equator, because Lucifer walked a great distance upon that dark globe, before glimpsing a dawning light, the portal blazing.

In game there are no systems to date which match that name or description, except a system named Bridge, which sits relatively close to, and on the outside of the Tau Ceti sphere of influence, just below the celestial equator!

If true, then all this could identify a Milton universe model in game, if accurate and if utilised by Brookes to position Raxxla, it ought to be someplace within this upper hemisphere, or on the outer rim, this should theoretically reduce our search area by 50%!

If the system of ‘Bridge’ is also accurate then that gives us a point of origin and direction to begin a search on the outer rim of the sphere… although this is just space madness speculation.
Last edited: Nov 20, 2022
Reactions:
simulacrae