Allen Stroud
Oct 26, 2022
#27,533
A variety of different canons approach consistency and story in different ways.

Comic books retcon all the time. It is an accepted part of the fiction. New artist, new writer, some continuance applied, but scratch a little over time and it starts to raise questions.

Early (Earlier) Star Trek straight up states that most of the novels are not canon.

Disney made a massive decision to discard a huge amount of Star Wars fiction, creating the Legends branding specifically for them, but they remain a source of inspiration for further work.

Similarly, the MCU regularly uses the comic book lines as a starting point for new stories in the film series.

Doctor Who tries really hard, but some fans know more about the canon than the showrunners.

James Bond lost me as a fan when we got to Skyfall. The moment that 'James Bond' became the character's actual name meant I couldn't reconcile the actor change as an in fiction narrative choice. This combined with Judi Dench as 'M' for two Bonds, Brosnan and Craig, created a problem that broke my ability to enjoy the series.

So, the Elite Dangerous narrative.

The game is the primary text. Any official text endorsed as being official, derives from the game. The game is the main source.

Previous games should be viewed through the current game first. So, any valid links and connections will appear in E: D. If they are connected to anything else (Frontier: Elite 2) that's great, but you can't substitute Frontier: Elite 2 as a primary text because it isn't.

If you scratch at the narrative of Elite Dangerous looking to see a consistent timeline and background through the lore of all the games, interchanging the primary text as you do so, you'll find anomalies. The temptation is to creatively reconcile them, but recognise that by doing that, you're creating your own canon, not anyone else's.

My advice is to accept that Elite Dangerous is the primary text. Once I do, then seeing links from previous sources (for me) becomes a pleasurable experience in nostalgia. It also allows for the changes that have been made to not become a jarring issue for me when following ideas in that narrative.
Reactions:
Andrew Gaspurr, CMDR Davanix, Comandante and 11 others