[PS4] Filthymick420
May 25, 2021
#23,429
Vetinari said:
I could have sworn Id seen a statement or something about the specific phrase 'Console P...' that I know you dislike and offends you but can't find it now. But these are from the Code of Conduct:

Frontier Code of Conduct
The following Code of Conduct is non-exhaustive. Frontier reserves the right to modify this Code of Conduct at any time and take action, including termination of user's accounts, at its sole discretion. The Code of Conduct will apply to all users of Frontier Development's products and/or...
www.frontier.co.uk

We do not tolerate harassment within our community or our games. obscene, , . through Frontier-owned platforms


Do not discriminate against others. race, ethnicity, nationality, sex or gender, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability

Emphasis added but that should cover it shouldn't it?
Click to expand...
I know. This was the letter I sent them. Imo it well thought out and written but I only received condescension



There is an issue regarding the acceptable usage of derogatory terms in the forums.

I feel the use of the term 'console peasant' being used to derogatorily describe a minority of the player base is offensive but many if not all of the moderators seem to disagree. I can't say this for sure but the use of this phrase co tinues uninhibited.

In the terms of use it is stated...

7.3.1 The Game and/or Online Features may allow communications between users by means including but not limited to text and voice. When using such features you must use common sense and good manners, your behaviour, conduct and communications must be considerate to other users and you must not be directly or indirectly offensive, threatening, harassing or bullying to others or violate any applicable laws including but not limited to anti-discrimination legislation based on race, ethnicity, religion, gender or sexual orientation.

The forum rules state...

6. USE OF FRONTIER.CO.UK COMMUNICATIONS.

c. transmit content Frontier considers in its sole discretion to be disruptive, unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;


I thank you for your consideration in this issue


Sincerely yours,

Timothy J Mick

Cmdr Filthymick420

o7

Their response was that it isn't specifically racist or homophobic. I can share that too if wanted
Reactions:
yelboc and Vetinari