Emperor
May 25, 2021
#23,434
killbot_2000 said:
so i was looking over the codex entry and the lines about the story "princess astrophel and the spiralling stars" and how its said to contain hints. or not.
it has convinced me for the moment that it had something to do with raxxla as why else would they include the later lines of that sentence..
i went through the other posts about princess astrophel and the story it perhaps alludes to..Astrophel-and-Stella by sir philip sidney

but i also decided to go off on a slight tangent.
astrophel means star lover/beloved of a star
so instead of looking for princes astrophel references i looked for princes star lover
this lead me to
the story and text told on this particular site is very thought conjuring and does match the lore/story described in the codex.

























so this story some seem to have several resemblances to raxxla. bridge of magpies=bridge/gateway/tunnel? how does it help us find it? im not sure yet. feel free to dig deeper into that story.
one possibilty is that the gateway only opens on a specific date as in the story.
the 7th night of the 7th moon? what does that mean? earth moon? the 7th moon of a different solar system? 7th night of that moon? 77?



the story is pasted but it doesn't have to be japan. it could be the milkyway. what did people find dozens of previously? mysterious crystals. crystals = tear/raindrops?

from the chinese version:


heavenly river? gateway? portal?

from




well everything keeps coming back to some period between may june and july (the 7th month/the 7th moon? 7th day?)

well i wont ramble on anymore. thoughts?
Click to expand...
2190s Discovery of life on Beta Hydri 4, Altair 5. Human colonials spreading out of control.
Frontier: Elite II
Written in five and a half years by David Braben, with Konami Inc of Japan as publisher, the game was released in October 1993 and was in the top few slots in the UK Gallup chart for the best part of the following year. It was the best selling game in Europe 1993 according to Gallup. "Frontier"...
www.frontier.co.uk
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas, Vetinari and [PS4] Filthymick420