Rochester
May 26, 2024
#34,146
selbie said:
Maybe it's time to search for the king's hollow...
This is exactly where my mind’s trajectory was aligning.

The various allusions in the text, might be references to the Norse/Celt/Saxon mythology of transportation to the Otherworld via burial.

The existence of the Lost Realms zone in game has a relevance not simply as a fulcrum, but that as a Holdstock Easter egg. In my opinion the mystery of Raxxla is certainly a homage to Holdstock and the game authors have shaped their narrative utilising various concepts promoted by Robert Holdstock (RH).

In R Holdstocks book Lost Realms he not only talks of these realms as examples of Eden but likewise of the Otherworld and of Mountains, Caves and Barrows as liminal locations to travel there.

I believe M Brookes book Legacy, if not doing so utilising some other method, might be referencing this indirectly via the names and descriptions in that text.

Julia Cavus - Joves child of the cave / hollow. Wants to be an explorer and find Raxxla, but can’t due to her responsibilities and her father’s wishes, he who tried so hard to keep her safe!

Eventually she discovers her grandfather Darik Cavus - Oak hearted, cave / hollow who yes identifies that she will eventually come looking for him, and remember how he says he has other family out there!

Hammer - described by Julia’s recollection used by her farther - as an old god of the northern mountains. Probably Thor, and confirmed by Brookes as a portrait of himself; talks of the mysterious Beaumont insurrection, the beautiful mountain which if we accept his direction indicators is below Achenar a zone occupied by the Lost Realms, and which intersects the Brookes Tours, which likewise honours the book Elite Legacy by reminding us of Hammers Celtic/Norse burial.

One suspicion then is the book is telling us to look below Achenar for some reference to Mountains, Barrows or Caves. The Codex was written much later, seems to emphasis this location by identifying the existence of these Lost Realms, this conglomeration or ‘obfuscation’ of Edens,

Legacy potential clues
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10375721

Remember much of my hypothesis concerning Milton is solely a logical projection of back-casting and spacial relationship awareness of in game systems. It may be true but does it point to Raxxla or is it architectural archeology, because for Raxxla to exist in game it must possess a cognitive location and have relevance within the wider game map, it can’t be arbitrary.

If the Codex is to be interpreted correctly, it in my opinion talks of three areas, that of the upper realm, set by the toast, which I believe is a reflection of the Miltonian text concerning the ‘pendant globe’; it’s also possibly due to the reference of Demeter, which falls very close to the system Fall and therefore might identify the Empyrean; but more so it identifies the return of Kore from her underworld zone; later it identifies a zone of influence set by Tau Ceti and the date 2296 which just so happens to intersect the underground zone too; it then identifies the Lost Realms which exist upon that same boundary, and likewise potentially M Brookes book (maybe), which itself I believe identifies these same two locations! So then is Brookes also telling us to look for something linked to a liminal location?

Does this Beaumont insurrection identify a particular path, or does it lead directly to the objective?

The Rogue Cartographies of Robert Holdstock’s Mythago Wood Cycle
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10263892

The talk of caves or hollows, has made me think again about ‘what’ the term Omphalos Rift might actually mean!

An omphalos may be a stone marker, or egg shaped conical object, a protruding hub or raised central area, such as that of a wheel, shield or vessel, it also stands as a descriptive term for a protruding navel (outie) as a raised hill or geographic mound.

The location of Crete can be identified as the city of the navel, and similarly the location in Dante’s Inferno is a mountain.

So, one projection is maybe, given the potential clues in game and Brookes book, we may be looking for a ‘mountain rift’.

RH identifies the lineage of the Celts as originating from Switzerland and talks of the sacred mountain and caves of, Hallstatt as being a proto-gateway.

Note Hallstatt is a village on the shore of ‘Lake Hallstatt’ in Austria's Hoher Dachstein, Holdstock may have been referring to the Hallstatt culture.

This other Cmdrs have postulated too, and in the absence of any other information I’m thinking this could hold potential.

This may have relevance given the Celtic focus upon liminal locations in that such a rift or valley might also be a passage to an Otherworld.

So is it, rather than looking for a mountain or peak, could it be that we ought to be looking for a valley or someplace between mountains?

It’s possible that the book and or Codex might not actually point to any specific singular system, what if they only indicate a general area, eg the Lost Realms?

Rift valley - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org
Last edited: Sep 29, 2024
Reactions:
Markov Chaney, selbie, Neestar and 1 other person