Rochester
May 30, 2024
#34,152
The concept of a morality compass in game is interesting however it is hindered by FD inability to communicate what the game actually is.

I personally believe this is because initially the game pre-launch was ‘one thing’ but it went through periods of adaptation, and changed.

We know this for certain because DB said it some years ago, they got it wrong, they wanted players to do and act a certain way, so instead of ‘communicating’ where the toys were, FD adapted the game to satisfy the audiences needs.

Initially one did not have to spend one’s time in game killing things. There were alternatives, but over time the prevalence of ‘nefarious’ missions has expanded exponentially. To the point that the games own perception of morality is obfuscated.

Some think the term ‘dangerous’ means the game is about risk. It is not, DB described that very elegantly pre-launch.

But yes, morally direction was and is still a factor in game, you don’t have to assassinate that President, you don’t have to smuggle those guns… however the game ‘now’ makes it very difficult not to. Because various toys are locked behind these actions, where as nice actions aren’t.

If such a mechanism was in place it would be an elegant solution. But sadly it’s not one FD are openly promoting. This is a firm which promoted ‘diplomatic’ missions for EDO but never put them in, this is a game which although it allowed us to save NPCs in stations never really advertised it was a good thing to do, nor profitable nor something which had a positive outcome.

I like the idea, and I have been flying by such a morality compass since launch. It does make the game far more interesting but less ‘exciting’, and I still have not seen any mechanism which rewards such action, partly I feel because we all move around the galaxy so much - which as DB pointed out, we simply are not meeting and getting to know those smaller factions, I feel that period or that mechanism is now obfuscated to the point that if it ever were in game it now certainly is no longer noticeable.

We know FD changes the game, I suspect this mechanism was intended at launch but like so many other aspects got nerfed or buried. If that was the way then FD ought to be promoting it, they aren’t, they are going beyond to promote aggression, which is illogical if you have such a mechanism as you would be actively obscuring it.
Last edited: May 30, 2024