Rochester
May 25, 2024
#34,142
Random thought.

NPCs are persistent, you can follow them, and will re-occur over time, I’ve tested this and it’s consistent.

What if part of the journey is to find a certain NPC and follow them?

Thinking of Elite Legacy, I think it’s possible, I presume that Darik Cavus (oak hearted / cave) was in fact Dark Wheel, this primarily is based upon him protecting his daughter Julia Cavus (Joves child / cave) from engaging in exploration and looking for Raxxla, not less his family’s nefarious business. Then we have that indication from the Codex that some members actively try to keep their children out of the Dark Wheel.

When asked if Julia was still in Artemis, Brookes vaguely alluded she might not be… and this might align with the book, where her grand father Rex identifies that she will eventually leave Freeholm looking for him, and that he had other family to find himself!

“That depends on whether Julia is still there” M Brookes.

Post in thread 'Elite: Legacy'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/elite-legacy.50320/post-2677329

Do we simply need to find an appropriately named NPC and follow them? Part of me imagines some crashed ship or Hammers pod which has a text log entitled ‘a childrens story’.

Logically another method is via the ‘tip-off’ missions. There’s no discernible method to find crashed ships, without some mission indicator, unless randomly; I still hold out the Cosmological Model has some relevance, which ‘might’ advocate certain systems have relevance over others, or it’s hidden in the text of Brookes Legacy?

These are fixed locations and a tip-off will occur in any system where you obtain significant positive allied status - they are certainly in my opinion ‘not’ linked to the Dark Wheel, but nevertheless, if you ‘want’ players to find something you have to induct them into some mission or direction. To simply scatter ‘clues’ into the void arbitrarily is frankly inane.

If the Codex is the only thread, then surely the objective can be resolved through identifying certain systems, which resolve to a certain fulcrum. If not what mechanism might be applicable which might direct those not so ‘enlightened’?

Where oh where is Julia Cavus?

Did she find the beautiful mountain alluded to by Hammer via the mysterious Beaumont and remember Julia’s farther would have described Hammer as - a ‘mountain man’ like the old gods of Earth. Or was it the cave or hollow to the Otherworld this Darik Cavusa, another form of ‘barrow’, or Hammers grave, likewise; or just the dark Wheel station?
Last edited: May 26, 2024
Reactions:
selbie