Rochester
May 25, 2024
#34,141
Random find of the day.

Was undertaking some triangulation.

Demeter (parents grief?); to Eulexia (gift of reading), home to Eurydice (lovers woe?); to Nefertem (creation of the first day), home of Thetis generation ship (sea goddess (the signal Siren / Whisper, Thetis - parents grief?).

Calculated the midpoint of this weird triangle for fun, it being right under Sheela na gig, and Danu. And found the system Avici, Sanskrit meaning ‘without waves’ and the lowest level of the Hindu version of hell or purgatory Naraka, both are in game.

Avici is slap bang in the midpoint zone identified above whereas Naraka is way up, at what might be the ceiling of my hypothetical Empyrean, I’m no theologian, but this doesn’t mix well with all the other deities in that zone, which denote the ‘highest’ points… not Hindu either but my small understanding was Naraka was situated ‘beneath the earth’ between the underworld and the bottom of the universe!

Sounds interesting if intentionally placed?

In comparison I’ve seen other references in game which, might align with Dante’s Inferno, and these all might be connected (?) into a larger construct, but the foil is stretched thin in this area and technically is ‘backcasting’ and my intuition tells me it’s a ‘fool’s errand’ identifying a potential ‘obvious narrative outcome’, or I wonder if Brookes attempted to align Milton’s universe with Dante’s, which although albeit similar, technically they are not; that or it’s just another Easter egg, or does this identify an anomaly in the game?

We’ve established the positioning of various real life systems might be in error, and if one was not correctly GIS trained such an endeavour I presume might naturally result in such irregularities, remember / if true this was built over 10 years ago, probably via spreadsheet, likewise there is no known in game mechanism to identify these alignments, except our own perception and wider understanding, so very likely they were not intentional?

Avici falls upon my hypothetical border of Milton’s Chaos.

How very odd.
Last edited: May 25, 2024