CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 29, 2023
#32,785
Edelgard von Rhein said:
This makes me think that we should either be looking for something that is face-down or, if we have to activate a structure of some kind, that positioning something face-down that would ordinarily go face-up is crucial to the process.

It might seem premature to think about this but I am not convinced that, even if we can find Raxxla, it will be straightforward what we have to do with it.
First, upward means outward and downward means inward. You aren't looking externally but internally. You have everything you need if only you would pay attention.



Second, you are absolutely correct and this was covered in PLX 695...

In Depth Protection are a relatively new player on the military supply scene but they are already making some big waves. 'Countermeasures and military grade electronic warfare suites for those close encounters.' The permit for this system can be obtained from the Federal Military.

Going there oddly seems kind of pointless until it clicks that the point of PLX 695 is a lesson not a destination.

Allow me to introduce you to Defense in-depth:
Defence in depth (non-military) - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

Defence in depth - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

So, back to what we are looking for....

There was no ret-conn with the release of Horizon. What happened is true extent of the puzzle became apparent. At that point, they revealed the components of Raxxla: surface installations, orbital installations, artificial structures, artificial power sources spread across the galaxy (for the human portion after the fix was deployed), alien surface sites, notable stellar phenomena, and lifeforms capable of specific tasks (up to and including turning whole worlds into giant superconductors and power transfer locations).

We have work to do. We screwed up by dismissal of everything that was in front of us. These show clear evidence of defense in-depth. It's time to leave our mark on the galaxy figure out what we've been given.
Reactions:
Shadowsnog