Jonzuih
J
Oct 12, 2017
#798
Hello,
New player here, a mere week into the game however this little mistery, and seeing how FD handles riddles in the game as something to be solved by the community as opposed to some fun tidbit of lore to never be explored again aside from some obscure expansion later, has absolutely gripped me.

Now I may have missed something as I was honestly skimming this thread, however, it seems to me that very little attention has been given to what I believe is actually the single most crucial hint given in the lore surrounding this...well, you know.

The hint being, "A place, that isn't a place. A door that is also the key."

My thoughts on this are as follows after some quick heavy research.

Starting with "A place, that isn't a place."
So far, after cruising across Google for awhile the single most ocurring reference I could find from Real Earth is Null Island a.k.a. 0,0, the geological "dead center" if you will on our planet's surface.

The reason for this being that it is a place where it is a co-ordinate on say, a map, yes, and it is named Null Island. Yet not a place, as Null Island isn't exactly an island but a buoy set down on co-ordinates 0,0.

Hence I believe that the first part of this riddle pertains to latitude/longitude 0,0 in the Milkyway Galaxy.
Some further searching and obvious "duh!" moments later I obviously came to the conclusion that this would be Sag A*, however, and correct me if i'm wrong, Sag A* is a collection of systems in the center of the galaxy or rather an actual singular system? (some help here please).

Either way let's say that the first part then refers to Sag A* and keep in this line for a while.

"A place that's not a place." Also i feel refers to the abstract, the intangible. So on that note, could it be referring to the Supermassive Black Hole in the center?

As for the "A door that is also the key" part, I'm still somewhat at a loss.
So far I've been thinking it could relate to the Black Hole as well, as it could potentially be a gateway.
Or perhaps further in detail, could it refer to the Event Horizon of the Black Hole? I had read lore snippets about an intergalactic Alien species that had been trying to build Talmora lenses to effectively control flow of time it self, considering that they also found Raxxla (I may have misread this), and considering that essentially other references so far have been made about space/time travel in regards to the planet.
I wouldn't find it hard to believe that this planet, through the help of a machine atop it's surface could very well be suspended inside the event horizon of the supermassive in the center of our galaxy, suspended both in time and space, never to be found, because how are you going to find something that can't be seen because of light not escaping a black hole's gravitational pull?


Sorry for the long rant here I somewhat went on a tangent here as I was writing this up as I went.

Either way would love your thoughts on this, suffice to say that, even though I haven't taken much part in the community itself yet, I absolutely love the vibe it is giving off.

Greetings.
CMDR Jonzuih, out. o7
Reactions:
clavain