[PS4] Filthymick420
Aug 16, 2019
#10,773
CMDR Maylor Rom said:
Something new to try. An earlier thread about a certain "Russian Commander" mentioned one of the things he (allegedly) did to find Raxxla in the previous 198x Elite games (and I doubt it is true) was to "Jump while Fuel Scooping".

So, In considering just the act of "Jumping while Fuel Scooping", it occurred to me that this might have some validity if it were done at certain star locations included in Elite Dangerous from the previous 198x Elite series like Lave, Leesti, and others.

If anyone is interested in trying to "Jump while Fuel Scooping" around the stars here in Elite Dangerous included from the previous 198x Elite games, I could use some help.

I'm doing this now and one thing I found out real quick. Carry some Heat Sink Launchers with you because your temp will be high at the star while scooping. As soon as you activate your jump drive your temp will go through the roof while the jump drive spins up. Also be sure to have the destination star plotted before you start scooping. It works best if you fly around the star while your jump drive spins up with your destination behind the star so as soon as you see it emerge from behind the star you can go full throttle and finish the jump.

Now, I think there are two ways this may work. If done correctly, it may work only on certain classes of stars. Or, if done correctly, it may only work around the stars put in Elite Dangerous from the previous 198x Elite game, i.e. Lave, Leesti and others, possibly using another 198x Elite star as a destination for the jump, i.e. From Lave (star) to Leesti (star).

I plan to try this from all the stars listed in the 198x Elite game which appear in Elite Dangerous, using each star as a jump start and a jump destination, i.e From Lave (star) to Leesti (destination), and then from Leesti (star) to Lave (destination), and doing this to all the stars from Elite198x present in Elite Dangerous.

May not lead to anything and eliminate a possibility, but also may be fun to do and gain experience with some piloting skills. I also know where there is a fuel star and a neutron star in the same system. I thought of supercharging my FSD with the neutron star, while doing a fuel scoop at the main star and plotting an extended jump to the max of the FSD overcharge distance while fuel scooping.

o7....
Click to expand...
I'm sure if that's the case you have to be in a specific system already because I fuel scoop and prepare my frame shift drive regularly. Only thing that ever happens is my ship starts to overheat. then I arrive at the next system receiving heat damage. But it's always the system I planned to go to.
Last edited: Aug 16, 2019
Reactions:
Scytale, Six6VI and PeteACarter