Vetinari
V
Aug 16, 2019
#10,774
PeteACarter said:
Cool. Could you post the link please? I would love to see it

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AsfgQqbRKM


Its in there, a lot of good stuff and info in it as well about how Frontier may have viewed Raxxla and the Dark Wheel so I'd recommend the whole thing although anything but the conversation with DB I have just taken as background info and interesting to know.

I admit I'm a bit salty as I thought it was linked on the first page but when I looked it just went to a Canonn site which is why I went searching for the vid in the 1st place probably then forgot I had to search for it. you'll find I'm one of the most sceptical people you know, I believe in nothing, there is either evidence or there isn't and misquotes, rumour and gossip do my nut in. that's why I was a bit abrupt in earlier posts, I thought it was linked on the 1st page and I'm not sure it is on DW website as I stated, I may have misremembered how I found it originally, I know it was not easy this time and I knew what I was looking for.

Disclaimer: the video is DW recounting a conversation with DB. All I have said is substantiated is this account of that conversation, nothing else. grrr.

The actual quote is:

DW: Is Raxxla in the game?
DB: Its in the game and we know where it is

DW actually says DB said Its in the game and we (pause) fdev (pause) know where it is...my understanding is that DB did not say fdev but that DW added it for clarity to show who DB meant / who he thought DB meant / to separate himself from the 'we' if this was repeated.

Not it exists as I stated, slaps wrist.

Edit: Im still watching it and in the vid DW has just mentioned that the extra galaxy (9th or 10th i cant recall) was in the original PC version of the game but he hasn't checked that out yet, can anybody confirm or deny it was in the PC version please?

Edit 2: for clarity to keep accurate info in one place:
Last edited: Aug 16, 2019
Reactions:
AOpsyche, Six6VI, PeteACarter and 1 other person