Boff'in
Mar 13, 2021
#21,963
ETA CASSIOPEIA as a possible location for raxxla.
Eta Cassiopeiae
The main Federal Navy Base was moved here from Anlave in 2983 following terraforming in the 2970s, and is an excellent training ground for planetary assault troops. Has the ancient name of Achird.The home of Marine Forces Special Operations Command, a division of the Federation's military and...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com
So silly stuff from the codex.
Raxxla:

SPOILER: CODEX: RAXXLA















To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!
Andromeda (a galaxy) whose mother is Cassiopeiae.

Depending on which story one or bother of the ladies were so vain they claimed they were more beautiful than one of psiodens daughter and so as a consequence, Andromeda was tied to a rock to be eaten by Cetus, until Perseus came to rescue her.

"Raxxla has been suggested to be anything from an unremarkable moon, to a state of cosmic enlightenment"
an alien artifact: The Omphalos rift. Omphalus being greek for navel, the "center" of the word (and axis mundi) similar to the stone at Delphi.
Another equivalence to the stone at Delphi/navel is the "origin point" which everything radiates from, a marker stone in between the two furthest points of the land.

And what does ETA Cassiopeiae have to offer?
It's less than 20 ly from Sol, and would have been one of the earliest colonies formed by the Federation.
Eta Cassiopeiae A
Rock (stone at Delphi but also Andromeda was tied to a rock to be eaten by Cetus )
Feynman (possibly named after Richard Phillips Feynman > path integral formation in quantum mechanics - (I have no idea), superfluids, Quantum computers, nano-tech which just happens to have the first 2 letters of the term Fernweh)
Trojan (siege of troy, broken by greek Odysseus by the usage of a large wooden rabbit, I mean horse)
New-moon (Raxxla has been suggested to be anything from an unremarkable moon,)
Between (stone at delphi is BETWEEN two points)
Federal Navy Headquarters, the center of Federal Navy.
Eta Cassiopeiae B
Aside from being scanned a bazillion times and I think a player faction is camped there who would have discovered something, (unless The Dark Wheel needs to be in that system too)

Clearly, this is a perfect System (until the next crazy idea) to troll straw clutching mad-pilots like myself.
Reactions:
simulacrae, Vetinari, TrillClinton and 3 others