Edelgard von Rhein
E
Feb 7, 2019
#5,796
Scytale said:
You guys keep thinking that you can find Raxxla the easy way ? Jumping into a system and, by chance, here it is ? End of the game ?
Could be... but what a disappointment then. No ?
This is a valid point, which is why I think finding Raxxla has to be set up in such a way that it leads to another mystery.
.
In theory, the Zurara was also like this - it was not the end of the Formidine Rift mystery, it was just the final clue to be found in the Formidine Rift, which when discovered had logs pointing to a greater concern of large scale political and economic manipulation back in the Bubble. That was a disappointment because it basically amounted to saying people had been afraid of the Thargoids coming back and there was no clear way we could interact with the mystery at that point. Later events all appeared scripted, based on development timetables (patch 2.4). One of the reasons I undertook The Aronnax Expedition was to find traces of Thargoid activity elsewhere in the galaxy but I always knew there was a risk I might not find anything even if I looked in the right place simply because it hadn't been added to the game, or I had no mechanism for finding it (other than the MkI eyeball). There were multiple CG proposals (by myself and others) to try to follow-up on the Zurara findings that were also declined, for storyline clashing reasons as I understand it.
.
As to the nature of Raxxla, I think this will have changed over the years as the game has developed new capabilities. Originally, I suspect it was just a planet with an unusual texture, like a machine-looking planet (something Borg-like), maybe with a space station in orbit. That might have raised some interesting questions but it would have been a disappointment if it had been found in the first week of the game's release. It could still be something like that now, only I suspect it requires a series of permit unlocks like a Falken's Maze to reach it and, assuming it is even accessible, might be more Guardians-like in appearance. The Guardians Beacons might be an indicator of the kind of assets that would be required to represent it. The key is giving meaning to finding it, not just making hoops to jump through. It will certainly be hard to avoid disappointment, not least because any development time devoted to it might never be used, as it is possible it will never be found, so it can only have so much work devoted to making it great. If it is then found, it must lead on to something else, not just a 'You win! Game Over.' or a pretty scene. I do think also that it will be a disappointment if its finding is scripted by increasingly obvious clues. As has been said above, the journey is more important in many respects than the destination, however a good destination is just the start of another journey - and setting up that journey after the effort that has already gone in to finding Raxxla will be the hardest part!
.
Apologies for the wall of text!
Reactions:
Jaymundo87, Crassus and Scytale