Cmdr Shijima
Jul 16, 2018
#3,019
Scytale said:
Which one is the best candidate? Yours (NGC 7822) or mine (Chi Persei) ? Hard to make a choice...
I jumped back on Elite at home over the weekend (PS4) because that account is still in the bubble (PC is marooned at Sag A*). I didn't achieve much other than buy a new ship and visit Lave, Tionisla and Teorge. I did however keep an eye out in Witchspace for the star cluster you were talking about and I do get where you're coming from now. There is certainly a passing resemblance to the one in your screenshot, so I agree that yours (Chi Persei) is much closer in appearance than what I had in mind (NGC 7822).

Quite where that leads us now is another question...

Jorki Rasalas said:
Was going to point out rOmiLaYu’s comment, but Scytale has beaten me to it.
however, reading rOmiLaYu’s text it might be that DBOBE was actually reminding Ed that he (Ed) doesn’t know anything about Raxxla; Guessing DBOBE & MB kept everyone else in FD out of the loop about Raxxla & placed it themselves. I haven’t seen the original livestream to have an opinion either way, but I suspect Raxxla as implemented in-game is in accordance with TDW lore.
I.e. it is not alien, it is a planet, but it is some form of ghost- could be a planet wandering between systems, could be hidden in an asteroid field or in the depths of a system well off the beaten track with no orbital marker line, might be in a USS (but were they in game from the outset?). The alternative is - it’s a planet of ghosts, maybe a graveyard of some form. In which case Tionisla??? Are there any other notable graveyards in the Elite lore?
As I said above, I was in Tionisla over the weekend after someone else (nooblite?) posted recently about ship graveyards. Annoyingly I couldn't find any such graveyard, but I can't say I'm surprised as DW said as much in one of his last related Elite Tweets.

Don't know where I'm gonna go from there... Lave proved to be a bust as well for anything strange or significant. I'll keep reading these here forums until another idea comes along...