Scytale
Banned
S
Jul 13, 2018
#3,001
Han_Zen said:
I think the ‘tiny bit obvious’ thing referes to the texts in the mission descriptions.

«A certain celestial body. Place that isn't a place, door that is also the key. The myth.»

That’s a tiny bit obvious, isn’t it?

The problem is that these texts may not have any other function than being an ingame confirmation of the existance of Raxxla.
We can’t be sure that they give any hints to the whereabouts or nature of it.

These missions disappeared with 2.1. and MB leaving ED, afaik. They were clearly related to TDW faction. RH's book TDW is where Raxxla appears first (right, Doc ?). Quite obvious indeed. But past glories, imho... Pointless, currently.
The thing is, the mission givers (4 clusters) moved in a pattern, from the center of the Bubble (1)to the rim (3, and all three at the same distance from the first one in the center, 190 Ly)...and stopped. The journey was simply interrupted before something could trigger its whereabouts.("Story resources at FD are very limited, and there are checks and balances that need to be negotiated with the result that things don't move forward as fast as ideal" — DW.)
I suspect the excellent creator of this thread to be the cause. IMHO, Macros The Black ("Never trust a Wizard !" —TLOTR) was approaching Raxxla too quickly and early for the taste of the Big Boss (Bad Macros, very bad ! [haha]). So the Hand of FDGod, cowardly, just....made the journey disappear!
About the nature of it...well, it seems it was supposed to be a celestial body as well as a place which isn't a place (comet ?), a door that is also a key ( an "It's full of stars!"-sort of ?), besides being obfuscated in the outer rim. Piece o'cake !
Untill this "You don't know what it is, though"-thing, which, imho, confirms that the allmighty BB has changed the rules of the game. Because. He. Can.
And... I can't stop thinking of an old rumor, which says DJTruthsayer already found it. He never replied to my posts asking about a certain expedition it was notorious he was setting up... His statement about one FDev having told him that the system with Raxxla in has already been visited but not honked may be a diversion...
Last edited: Aug 9, 2018