Jorki Rasalas
Jul 15, 2018
#3,014
Jaiotu said:
"Raxxla's not alien, Alex. It's a ghost world. A planet. A legend . . ." - Rafe Zetter

"But you don't know what it is" - David Braben

While I haven't heard or seen the exact quote that has been floating around from DBOBE (was it from LaveCon?) I would like to submit (I think I've said it before) the fact that if Raxxla is anything other than what is described in Holdstock's The Dark Wheel then any quest of find it becomes meaningless. Lets face it. The only reason why anyone cares about finding Raxxla is because Robert Holdstock did an excellent job of capturing the imaginations of computer game players back in 1984. The original game, with its procedurally generated text, did little to create a sense of a living breathing galaxy. Holdstock did that with his Space Traders Flight Training Manual and The Dark Wheel.

If Elite: Dangerous has somehow re-imagined Raxxla as something completely different ... then I for one couldn't care less about finding it because it won't be a reflection of what I went looking for across the 8 galaxies starting back in 1984. I'm not saying that to be bitter ... just that anything 'less' than what was 'promised' in will be a severe disappointment and not a cause to celebrate.

Was going to point out rOmiLaYu’s comment, but Scytale has beaten me to it.
however, reading rOmiLaYu’s text it might be that DBOBE was actually reminding Ed that he (Ed) doesn’t know anything about Raxxla; Guessing DBOBE & MB kept everyone else in FD out of the loop about Raxxla & placed it themselves. I haven’t seen the original livestream to have an opinion either way, but I suspect Raxxla as implemented in-game is in accordance with TDW lore.
I.e. it is not alien, it is a planet, but it is some form of ghost- could be a planet wandering between systems, could be hidden in an asteroid field or in the depths of a system well off the beaten track with no orbital marker line, might be in a USS (but were they in game from the outset?). The alternative is - it’s a planet of ghosts, maybe a graveyard of some form. In which case Tionisla??? Are there any other notable graveyards in the Elite lore?