CMDR Davanix
Nov 25, 2021
#24,883
Rochester said:
O7 Cmdr Stroud so honoured to have you here on this roll of tin-foolery.

What are your thoughts on how FD have handled the story behind Raxxla. Are there any particular theories which have tickled your fancy, good or bad? And what are your personal ideas on how Raxxla and the Dark Wheel ought to have been implemented in game?

It seems to me, at least in my uninformed opinion, that certainly the older Dark Wheel missions were at some point at least; what Michael Brookes may have alluded to as our ‘obvious’ path, but we can no longer confirm that, but I hazard a guess these were supposed to lead us to the ‘real’ Dark Wheel and then on to some other mystery, likely Raxxla.

FD have of course recently confirmed those missions are no longer operational, so surely we can assume the whole invite thread alluded to in the Codex is just a narrative dead end.

It’s apparent a lot of love went into the game at the beginning, that’s evident from the work put in from Michael Brookes and yourself, but there does seem to have been a sharp turn of events following the introduction of the Codex, which has a lot of us still confused; mainly because we’re still tipping at the windmills prior to this date.

It seems like a lot of our tinfoiery may just be apophenia, I’ve certainly lost the thread numerous times with my starry-faced passion for the classics, looking at Mary Sidney and Arcadia, but also Brookes Yggdrasil tree in the bubble; there are so many influences in the game, it is difficult to see the wood for the trees, and that likely is why Raxxla has continued to be hidden for so long, as we are all far too busy looking at these distractions rather than what may just be in front of us the whole time.

More recently I’ve begun and try and attempt to see with a fresh perspective, I do agree that we are over cooking things and that Raxxla is very much right under our noses the question really is where, in a 1:1 scale Galaxy could it be?

The codex if taken literally gives us a bubble of space to look in, based upon the dates set out in relation to Tau Ceti and those systems colonised up to that period, FD have also alluded Raxxla is a location, some would suspect already visited.

Then we have FD fascination with the Seven Sisters, in part I feel thanks to Michael Brookes interest in HP Lovecraft, of whom based several links to that group of spiralling stars, however that’s way off the prescribed path, as is also the Orion Nebula; if the Codex is to be taken literally, and I suppose those are probably more focused upon the Thargoid/Guardian narrative and M Brookes unpublished book.

We then have all the various permit locked systems, with relatively nothing specific nor special about them.

I’m beginning to suspect there are no mechanisms, nor at least narratives active in game around Raxxla and it’s just out there, and more than one of us has already visited without knowing it.

I do agree the path to Raxxla, and essentially this thread, is very likely more interesting than the finished article, but I’d still like to understand how it applies itself within the game, because it seems without any evidence, the majority of our searches are firmly set outside of the game.
Click to expand...
Hmm speaking of ahem Lovecraft, I just want you to read the details in the link below and then tell me most of it is just coincidence between the Thargoids..and the Raxxla Codex see this is the issue with the codex and ingame details....so many things match up and it could be anything

Star Mother
The Star Mother was created in 1995 by Chaosium for its Call of Cthulhu roleplaying game. Star Mother is one of the Outer Gods' larvae, the size of an infant. Resembling a yellow-green stone whose shape is that of a huge-breasted faceless plump female figure with dozens of pencil-thin root-like...
lovecraft.fandom.com

And then just reading through the other link below iv got so many correlations from this page to Elite esepcially
Yog-Sothoth
Through the Gates of the Silver Key - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org
The Whisperer in Darkness - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

Cthulhu Mythos deities - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

its profound and thinfoil exploding but its also very wierd

And also special mention to this one below....sounds like a certain ingame characters dream mixed with the image we get when using a spectrum from Sag A's sounds https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polaris_(short_story)

Not to mention 6 years ago someone was given a Cthulu Art notebook as a UA prize

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/3t1iej/oh_crap_ua_prize_thanks_mb/
Last edited: Nov 25, 2021
Reactions:
Adel and simulacrae