Rochester
Nov 25, 2021
#24,882
Allen Stroud said:
Nice to see such energy and passion devoted to all this. You can ask me things. I'm not hard to find.
O7 Cmdr Stroud so honoured to have you here on this roll of tin-foolery.

What are your thoughts on how FD have handled the story behind Raxxla. Are there any particular theories which have tickled your fancy, good or bad? And what are your personal ideas on how Raxxla and the Dark Wheel ought to have been implemented in game?

It seems to me, at least in my uninformed opinion, that certainly the older Dark Wheel missions were at some point at least; what Michael Brookes may have alluded to as our ‘obvious’ path, but we can no longer confirm that, but I hazard a guess these were supposed to lead us to the ‘real’ Dark Wheel and then on to some other mystery, likely Raxxla.

FD have of course recently confirmed those missions are no longer operational, so surely we can assume the whole invite thread alluded to in the Codex is just a narrative dead end.

It’s apparent a lot of love went into the game at the beginning, that’s evident from the work put in from Michael Brookes and yourself, but there does seem to have been a sharp turn of events following the introduction of the Codex, which has a lot of us still confused; mainly because we’re still tilting at the windmills prior to this date.

It seems like a lot of our tinfoiery may just be apophenia, I’ve certainly lost the thread numerous times with my starry-faced passion for the classics, looking at Mary Sidney and Arcadia, but also Brookes Yggdrasil tree in the bubble; there are so many influences in the game, it is difficult to see the wood for the trees, and that likely is why Raxxla has continued to be hidden for so long, as we are all far too busy looking at these distractions rather than what may just be in front of us the whole time.

More recently I’ve begun and try and attempt to see with a fresh perspective, I do agree that we are over cooking things and that Raxxla is very much right under our noses the question really is where, in a 1:1 scale Galaxy could it be?

The codex if taken literally gives us a bubble of space to look in, based upon the dates set out in relation to Tau Ceti and those systems colonised up to that period, FD have also alluded Raxxla is a location, some would suspect already visited.

Then we have FD fascination with the Seven Sisters, in part I feel thanks to Michael Brookes interest in HP Lovecraft, of whom based several links to that group of spiralling stars, however that’s way off the prescribed path, as is also the Orion Nebula; if the Codex is to be taken literally, and I suppose those are probably more focused upon the Thargoid/Guardian narrative and M Brookes unpublished book.

We then have all the various permit locked systems, with relatively nothing specific nor special about them.

I’m beginning to suspect there are no mechanisms, nor at least narratives active in game around Raxxla and it’s just out there, and more than one of us has already visited without knowing it.

I do agree the path to Raxxla, and essentially this thread, is very likely more interesting than the finished article, but I’d still like to understand how it applies itself within the game, because it seems without any evidence, the majority of our searches are firmly set outside of the game.
Last edited: Mar 11, 2022
Reactions:
clavain, Adel, Jorki Rasalas and 2 others