Count dEstard
Jan 22, 2019
#5,385
Splendid. Seems some kind of trouble spilling over into this thread. First a post by Guru that leaves me in doubt then dementi from elsewhere.

Ok. *Unrolls tinfoil - loads of it - and leans back*

Let us assume, Guru is telling us the truth and really has found Raxxla, but for one reason or the other does or can not tell ust the way clearly (man I currently keep imagining a popup with a direct message by DB after finding Raxxla: "Hey Dude, we spent a lot of time and effort into making this experience as exciting as possible. So please don't spill the beans and write a blatant walkthrough somewhere"). Ok, so here he is happy and full of pride for having solved the riddle but at the same time somehow hindered to tell it directly...

Let's further assume he has given us hints he assumes will guide one or the other to the destination. This is what I deduct:

a) Go to Mars/ read text: I for one must admit I have been to Sol some times but never went sightseeing. Guru is right in so far as going into space started with the Mars relic in 2296. So next time I come to Sol I will head out there and check whether there is anything meaningful. Concerning the texts at stations I also must admit I rarely read them, but changing that won't hurt, so I can see for myself.

b) Kore/Demeter/Persephone: I fully well know what this is all about. It's a myth basically as old as peasantry concerning the change of seasons. Persephone spends the time when everything ist dying i.e. Autumn and Winter in Hades and returns with spring. You can see this myth repeated in the legend of the dying god (Tammuz, Dumuzi & Astarte, Ishtar; Attis and Kybele and several more). I had been thinking about this when riddling about a place that is no place some months ago. Have been checking for Systems or Stations mentioning the other gods but found zip.

c) Concerning Eleusis: This is where Guru, if he is truthful gave us a real hint. Someone had the idea of getting near a Demeter Class ship and scanning it to retrieve whatever might be needed. I think this is not the right way if one wants to follow eleusinian rites. The quest if taken by the word has to start at Athens. Simply because of the fact that one is the neophyte with the desire to become initiated and not the priest already initiated travelling with Demeters Hiera from Eleusis to Athens. Best guess so far is Athena system.

*uncoils tinfoil, folds it and neatly stacks it away*

Well as there currently is no other theory and I have been spending the past weeks nosing around Delphi and doing nothing but killing Thargs (becomes boring), I'm willing to give it a try - as I even tried shooting the Maia Blackhole with an FSD Interruptor Guru's theory doesn't seem to weird...

I will report.
Last edited: Jan 22, 2019
Reactions:
Scytale