naukogriz
N
Jan 22, 2019
#5,383
Well, Canonn works with a hypothesis that Guru really found something. So they take his info and try to solve all this Greek Myth. Well, I think it is too difficult task - especially when Guru asks us to check every system, station, NPC, if he is connected to Greek legend. Well, as I've said, I've tested this on my home station, and found that it does suit Guru's criteria. So what - checking ten thousand systems to see if they are related? Too difficult. Try to solve Eleusian Mysterias? Ok, maybe real, but what will we do when we start getting multiple interpretations of the same symbol? I think Guru could really save our time and his keyboard resource as good as his reputation with two simple things - a)post a photo of Raxxla and b)try to post systems that are relevant.

I myself think that now it is easier to find traces of Guru's research. You see, he could leave traces, footprints and so on while working. So gathering all info of his activity will help us to understand what really happened in his mind, or how he came to this situation. So I address to CMDR Puffler and CMDR Mapudan, along with Guru's friends - if you have any real info about his activity last month - journeys, words, screenshots, etc. - fell free to contact me or at least those Canonn guys. With your help we'll easy find the true meaning of his texts.


And, of course, I want to address to Guru-951 himself.
You see, this has gone too far. I understand you may have reason to be silent. But then even the crumbs of information that you give out need to be rethought. I want to see not clues - check every stone if he is Greek, but some facts that could help us. Even if you walk through this pdf file and highlight those places that are relevant (or, on the opposite side, not), it would be better than thousand words about how to use google and wiki. When you repair your car, don't you go through some kind of algorithm instead of reading books like "the theory of the internal combustion engine"? And, of course, you don't expect to hear "use Google or Wiki" when asking what oil is to be poured into the rear axle.

I could myself post you a thousand words like "look at youself, how guy who cracked the Galmap and found mass rating could melt down to a prophet-conspirologist"? But I understand you really may have some reasons to do so. Well, the worse you can do is continue pour water from empty to dry, giving us labor-intensive enterprises. I still consider that if you really know something, thhen you info should be more constructive. Not just a pdf with anchient myth, but facts - what is relevand, what is implemented, and so on. Not a statement "the Raxxla is there, google to find it", but concrete facts - it could be just the list of needed systems or planets. Be a scientist, speak with facts and to the point.
You said we need to look at Kore (a planet in Persephone system), Mars. What else? Cupid's arrow? Demeter? Is planet Persephona's Gem relevant? Is Demeter generation ship relevant? Delphi was renamed a month ago - is it important? To the sea = to the Earth or to Elyssian Shores or to the Mat' Zemlya? NPC's - do you rally need to stalk them? To where - to low'wake, or to the next system, or to the Raxxla? Takurua Anomaly - is it relevant?
Even your answers on this simple questions just with "yes" and "no" cost more than your whole recent post.


And remember one thing. We want to help you, we even can help you, but it is difficult to do if you are ruin yourself. We can get you out of the swamp, but please take the cord and hold it tight.
Fell free to contact me.
Naukogriz
Last edited: Jan 22, 2019
Reactions:
Armstrong