Edelgard von Rhein
E
Jan 23, 2019
#5,399
Jorki Rasalas said:
I definitely did a full map with the probes ‘cos that’s the first time I used them. Fairly sure I switched to Combat mode fater the scan to check for any signals. That’s when I was surprised the base didn’t show up. I had the coordinates from Canonn page so homed in then it showed up.

As I say, may be a bug. But worth testing if there are other bases that someone hasn’t visited before. It would be a real pain if this mechanism isn‘t actually doing its job, we’re relying on it for DW2, and Raxxla Questing....

p.s. thought I might see some of the old FRifters on DW2, surprised you’re not involved, but I think the only other is Spock. What’s everyone up to nowadays?
one of the reasons I signed up for DW2, apart from having missed the first one & never having done an organised expedition before, was because I suspect FD might release some new storyline out in the black. I took weapons because I’m half-expecting to encounter AI (rogue human or Guardian) or something else of significance. Though I may be wrong
Click to expand...
For a variety of reasons I am not going on DW2 but I have helped out at the recent mining CG (over 1200t contributed but still never reaching the top 10%!). If I feel up to it I may help out at the second CG but I might not have the energy for a trip to Sgr A*. If anything storyline-related happens on DW2, like finding Guardian Exiles near Bleia, then I may try and catch up to take part, unless it's combat-related as I have stopped enjoying that aspect of the game. I'm currently more interested in near-Bubble mysteries, like the GCS Sarasvati, Raxxla and the Dark Wheel and taking part in Buckyball Racing Club events. My energy levels haven't been that great for a while and I also want to spend more time doing out-of-game things (including EDRPG) so I'm at liberty to take things at my own pace and follow testable hunches. Right now, I want to see if I can get the Mbooni permit, which some people have reported is possible, and check some local nebulae for possible sister ships to the Sarasvati.
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas