Jorki Rasalas
Jan 23, 2019
#5,395
Ko Shiji said:
From what CMDRGuru951 has posted thus far, it sounds like there's basically a (long) series of quests missions given by various NPCs, triggered by various factors (mostly finding the right stations, possibly having specific names for your ship, etc.), that we can decode and follow to find Raxxla. All very confusing and convoluted, Braben-style. And it's all about the journey, rather than the destination, possibly because the destination is a big whoop. Like, what you guys are guessing, Polaris. "Epic mission arc" with the rewards being a permit and possibly access to a Dark Wheel station with all ships discounted 40% or whatever.

So, basically, he COULD post a step-by-step guide for all the missions, like they have for MMO's or single-player RPG's, but such a spoiler would basically ruin the experience for everyone interested in trying to figure out this mystery. And the reward at the end is basically not much.

That's my take on it.

Now, whether or not I feel like unraveling the whole thing anymore, not really. Because it doesn't sound like he had a fun experience.

But, I guess, it's one epic mission arc, in a game that's otherwise a sandbox. Might be fun for someone.
Click to expand...

From what he posted I suspect he’s either trolling the thread or having a nervous breakdown. This thread requires proof, i.e. a photo (& video) of a significant find. The photo he supplied as “evidence” was of a mission target to kill an NPC FDL named Vicious Hades piloted by Alexander Macdonald flying in a wing whose faction was Hand Gang of LP102-320. He implied the mission was found by decoding the Eleusinian Mysteries mythology with a rambling discourse which contained no facts as to how this was supposed to reveal Raxxla. He was in a wing of 3 but his wingmates (clearly named on-screen as Markodan & Markospliff) have not come forward to support his ramblings in this thread.

I really don’t know why there is so much ongoing discussion, have the participants never encountered trolling before? Ignore it unless there is real revelation with evidence!
Last edited: Jan 23, 2019
Reactions:
turkwinif, Edelgard von Rhein, Rochester and 1 other person