Emperor
Sep 30, 2021
#24,336
Jorki Rasalas said:
Mmm, it sounds as though you’re assuming Raxxla is a planet. We actually have no evidence for that assumption, other than the old (& possibly retconned?) statement in Holdstock’s original TDW novella that it was a planet on which was an alien construct, a gateway to other universes...the wandering planet hypothesis is from Drew Wagars fan-fiction, and while it’s a good read it is not canon lore for ED.

The trouble with that hypothesis is that Raxxla logically should have been accessible from the gamma release, long before Horizons when pilots could finally land on planets. So, either you assume that Raxxla was not intendd to be accessible at the outset (I find that difficult to swallow, it breaks an unwritten agreement between game producer and players that mysteries should be soluble; I don’t think Michael Brookes, as an author, would have accepted that), or that Raxxla is not actually on the planet, so it might be a station orbiting the planet (in which case why do you need a planet?), or perhaps that the gateway to Raxxla is the Omphalos Rift, which is mentioned in the Codex in such a seemingly clumsy way that it must be significant.

So I suspect we need to find the Omphalos Rift to get to Raxxla. It might be anything, but to my mind is associated with an astronomical body (that fits with the original Obfuscated on the Outer Rim elite mission phrasing “...information on a certain celestial body,you know the one I mean. Place that isn't a place, door that is also the key. The myth."” ). That body may be an exoplanet, but then it might just as likely (to my mind more so-what brought the aliens to Sol who left the Mars Artefact?) be an asteroid orbiting within Sol. Whatever it is, it is not easy to find. There must be a storyline means to reach it (Michael Brookes quote), which is via the DW faction, .

The toast is likely a clue, or set of clues that is relevant, we need to solve them. The logo is also a clue, to my mind it suggests an asteroid in Sol (see my previous “Raxxla in Sol” hypothesis posts).
Click to expand...
Exoplanets Kepler-438b and 442b added to Elite: Dangerous which hits 300,00 units sold
On January 6, astronomers announced NASA's planet-hunting Kepler spacecraft had discovered eight new planets. Two of th…
www.google.com

Mmm... Intriguing.... Too obvious?

..and...
News - Trappist-1 Discovery's Impact on Elite Dangerous
Greetings CMDRs, Following the discovery of Trappist 1, we've been seeing a lot of discussions on the forums and reddit around this. We have some news and who better to deliver this than our own CEO David Braben? Take it away, David! --- The recent announcement of the discovery of the...
forums.frontier.co.uk
Last edited: Sep 30, 2021