Emperor
Feb 3, 2023
#29,154
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!
To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void!
The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts.
To Raxxla!
----
I'll be honest. It is less of a specific guide and more of a primer as to what drives The Dark Wheel.
----
1st segment: Home or current location
From a humans' perspective our home system (or where we currently are located), would be the only place where the local star would appear like a jewel on the backdrop of Milky Way Galaxy. You can observe this when in supercruise. It will be be important later that the Alleged Toast references "vagabond hearts". The organization were first and foremost explorers.

2nd segment: from

This is where the explorer leaves everything that is familiar. Basically, wanting to see the galaxy but also having to deal with the dangers of Witchspace in order to heed the siren of exploring the vast unknown.

3rd segment - part A - "the parents' grief": From The Dark Wheel codex, some parents went to great lengths to explicitly prevent their children from joining. Working in space was dangerous enough in human controlled space. It was far more dangerous facing the complete unknown. All you had to rely upon were your instincts, your ship and whatever equipment it carries, and navigation of the unknown blind. Beyond exploration, the organization is rumored to harbor deadly secrets. Further, there is the physics angle, where the child may far outlive the parents due to travelling at relativistic speeds. A child joining may mean even if the child lives that the parents will never see them again.

3rd segment - part B - "Lover's Woe" - Try maintaining family or romantic relationships when you live more for your ship and what is out there. These people have chosen a life of solitude. It is hard putting down roots when you are a CMDR. Space is your love. You pretty much have forsaken the creature comforts humans are used to as a species.

3rd segment - part C - "vagabond hearts" - I don't think this needs much explanation but you never settle down. As an Elite Explorer, I spend most of my time far from home. Home is aboard my fleet carrier or one of my ships. There isn't really settling for an easy life. A is common and is actually part of Heroes' Journey.

4th Segment - "To Raxxla" - To join The Dark Wheel is to commit yourself to exploration and seeking mysteries, and the unknown.

Click to expand...
To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!

To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void!

The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts.

To Raxxla!


Or the "to" could mean "go to" with the 3rd statement being a warning/explanation of what Raxxla is...

Or indeed it might be all "fluff" (forgive me Dr Stroud) or just some other riddle answer...

Unless you're holding back some evidence of your theory?
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester