CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Feb 2, 2023
#29,145
Macros Black said:
Suppose Raxxla was 'findable' pre-Horizons, could it then be located on a planet?
If this bit is accurate to where FDev took the concept then, yes. In fact, the orbital installations and surface installations may be part of something much larger. This is from "Alien World: A Complete Illustrated Guide". This is why I had to invest so much effort into proving unambiguously Earth was in the lore from the beginning. I suspect Faraway is the repaired Talmor Lens built in error at Earth. It took us from 2296 (or slightly before) to the 2800s to repair the damned thing. If so, all the artificial structures, artificial power sources, installations (orbital and surface) are part of it. Though, I suspect we still don't understand all parts of it entirely. The stations and outposts have broadcast antenna that are broadcasting signals to make jumping out of supercruise at the right spot easier. Surface ports have dishes that look like 3-part solar arrays but are broadcasting signals. If you see live routing written on something, it is very likely connected.

It then becomes a question of what does it do exactly? Why do our fleet carriers upload telemetry prior to jumps? Why further, are there engineering data mats suggestive of similar external configuration of jumps for smaller ships. Is that why Quirium story was invented, since we had been using Hydrogen fuels since the beginning (even Tritium is Hydrogen-3). Also, were the firmware updates to block access to parts of the galaxy via navigation computers. We know every single ship manufacturer still uses the Astrogator Console created by Augustus Brenquith of Saud Kruger.

If we can find the globular cluster that it all points towards we might get a better idea. If I'm close to where they took the concept of Raxxla, the rumor of someone flying through a system with it may have meant one tiny fraction of the entire thing. Honestly, I suspect Raxxla may be far larger than the Human Bubble itself.
Attachments
Screenshot_20230202-155507~2.png
541.7 KB · Views: 68
Screenshot_20230202-155547~2.png
577.7 KB · Views: 70
Last edited: Feb 2, 2023