Rochester
Feb 3, 2023
#29,151
Just rolling backwards to an idea concerning the swarms of Stargoids around the bubble.

Many Cmdrs are potentially associating Witch’s Reach permit system as a focal point.

If we compare Witch’s Reach in relation to the alignment of ‘first settled’ systems, and a sphere of influence set by the date 2296, it does fall very neatly within this alignment; without any other evidence to the contrary - it’s not outside the realms of possibility that the Stargoids (spiralling stars) might be also looking for Raxxla, remember FD had alluded they are ‘looking for something’, and with Witch’s Reach being the centre of this it’s a plausible outcome, it being locked would likewise fit with the theory of Raxxla being a narrative device.

However we have the issue that the codex preceded the Stargoids by some considerable time, so if only a narrative foreshadowing device, it would mean it was either injected far too early, or the Stargoids were around much earlier (but either invisible or bugged) or FD set up this foreshadowing to both retcon previous lore and effectively bait us.. . a concept which I find particularly distasteful..

I’m not satisfied with this logic, which is flawed, as it makes the existence of the Codex redundant, unless our perception of FD and their opinion of us is greatly inflated…

Being a romantic I still like to hold on to our various theories of Raxxla being elsewhere and accessible…. We can only hope.

Still it might help go someway in establishing a hypothesis that ‘Cora and Tornqvists treasure’ is somewhere in this vicinity?

Currently in Legacy PS4 grinding the Facece permit, in my vanilla second account ‘Roy’ - I know the system will already be well documented, but I want to undertake some Mki eyeball scanning and at least strike it from my list.



Facece shown in green just above Achenar, at the bottom of the image in white, as well as all systems discovered up to 2296, red denotes pandemonium.

Witches Reach is the central green system. The two yellow systems are part of the Yggdrasil systems denoting two of the Norns (fates).

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10069806
Last edited: Feb 4, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian