Tibercov83
T
Oct 1, 2020
#19,127
yelboc said:
I'm having trouble following your reasoning here. In the Codex the book is called "Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars". How does the Corsair King come into it?

Sir Philip Sydney's poem is call Astrophel and Stella. Astrophel means star-lover. Its not a children's story for sure and its not about or connected to a princess. It always seemed to me to be one of those Google coincidences. Certainly there have been many theories about it but none convincing. I wonder if its possible that its a book cipher as its a large text of which there are only I think 2 variants easily obtainable. To apply it as one would require a cipher text , usually numeric in nature. I dont think we have a candidate for that.

It would be unkind, to say the least to give what is a very direct hint about gg8's and then to wave it off as a fake. On the otherhand if we asume that the base in And Here The Wheel is one of TDW bases, then it wouldn't fit the 8th moon bit either.

I'm sure that a thorough search of the Lanaest/Grandamort area was performed previously - perhaps someone could pipe up and say what was searched etc.
Click to expand...
The post I was replying to mentioned an ingame author (olav) in whose career is detailed in galnet. Olav wrote a book called the corsair King in game. I was just showing that there is a real life book also called corsair King which is about a pirate. Wasn't really making much of point just elaborating on it.

In terms of the codex I was meaning the fdev employee who wrote it. Was he aware of the Stella and astrophile real life story. It seems quite a reach considering how unknown the story is. It says in the codex (which I'm considering all its perspective as ingame) that the similarity between the Princess Astrophril and the spiralling stars story with raxxla was discredited. I was wondering how that in game discrediting happened. What exactly is the codex referring to. What event. It seems weird to mention it and then say it was discredited.

I am starting to think that All that is required is galnet and the in game information to solve raxxla. The real life stuff like God's and real life stories have maybe even hampered the search as it open everything up to so much more interpretation.
Reactions:
Fiera, [PS4] Filthymick420 and Dr. Lexus