Rochester
Jan 31, 2024
#33,256
selbie said:
Do you have a post here of the deities relating to your spatial findings?
While looking up the Yoruba mythology I found a few system names with spelling matches plus a few similar sounding names:
Babalung - similar to Babalu-Aye
Obaluaye - a Yoruba orisha with dominion over Earth and smallpox
Ayethi - derivation of Aye?
Eshu - orisha of Trickery, Crossroads, Misfortune, Chaos, Death, Travelers, Messenger
Oyas - Oya is the orisha of Storms, Wind, Thunder, Lightning, Dead

as well as another solar deity - - female creator spirit and personification of the sun

Lists for reference
Click to expand...
There’s various posts linked. I’ve updated the post to include as many of these as possible 07.

Honestly I’ve probably not included ‘every’ Yoruba deity. The difficulty starts in knowing where to start, and where to stop, but I believe I’ve plotted ‘enough’ systems named after various deities, so as to satisfy my curiosity and to acknowledge many were placed intentionally.

I believe there to be a great deal of intentional obfuscation as well, granted but that a certain percentage do have an intentional alignment.

Spacial mapping might not highlight this perfectly but I believe it outlines its influence. As to if this is by design or if it simply uncovers an unconscious hand we can’t yet know?

It’s a big question to answer ‘how’ much of all this is actually really by design and what is just an abstraction.

We always must acknowledge humans love to resolve patterns out of chaos. All this could just be total bio-fuel.

I don’t ever presume to state my findings are 100% true, I try and identify there’s a probability towards them being so, my objective is always to look for ways to focus resources to where they might best yield an outcome - as if to ask ‘is this a good enough reason to look in this area’…

It’s up to everyone to assess if it’s valid or simply space-madness.
Last edited: Feb 1, 2024
Reactions:
Quaero and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian