CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 30, 2024
#33,250
Rochester said:
The Silver Comet (a mystery location previously linked to a Galnet story) is actually an amusing example of interpretational bias / poor communication.

It was like other various backer’s fictions - published at launch, included in game as a findable element.
Care to explain what exactly was interpretational bias? For one, there is nothing in that GalNet suggesting that the "Silver Comet" was an actual comet.

The Silver Comet The bounty hunter gossip columns are abuzz with a reported sighting of the fabled 'Silver Comet'. A long-standing superstition states that "anyone who sees the Silver Comet will die," and it seems this latest sighting will only serve to reinforce the myth. The report came from Quiness by pilot Johanna Meister, Deadly rank, who has since disappeared - last sighted in the Alioth system.

The Federal Navy dispatched a taskforce to investigate the mysterious comet’s appearance in Quiness, although so far they claim to have uncovered no evidence to support Commander Meister’s claim.

This news hasn't stopped independent hunters from getting curious. Silhar Bradeus, head of the Bounty Hunters Guild, has offered a hefty reward for any information on the Silver Comet or the location of missing pilot Johanna Meister.
Click to expand...
Source: https://community.elitedangerous.com/galnet/27-JAN-3301

By my count, there are 6 systems potentially connected:
Quiness
Alioth
Silver Comet Assembly in Polus
Silver Comet Limited in Wu Te Ti
Silver Comet Limited in HIP 97950
Silver Comet Manufacturing in Egovae

In fact, I would be rather unsurprised if the Federation and Alliance didn't have black operations explicitly to deal with events that started as far back as President Olaf Smith. I have seen some of the stuff the superpowers do and there is a great deal intentionally hidden. The Elite Pilots' Federation is similarly not nearly the organization that is portrayed to the public. There are reasons The Consortium codex entry is adjacent to A.E.G.I.S. and Pilot's Federation. Not everything is simple and reality has a strange tendency to be stranger than fiction.


Olaf Smith
Olaf Smith served as the President of the Federation from 2866 to 2874.[1] In 2867, the disappearances of several traders near Zelada prompted President Smith to send a Federal Navy task force to investigate. Ships also disappeared in the Ququve and Aymiay systems that same year, totaling 13...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com
Last edited: Jan 30, 2024