Louis Calvert
Jan 30, 2024
#33,252
I would counterpoint to that by reminding everyone of the Thargoid mystery, most particularly the UA's which were so obfuscated as to be one of the very few examples where Brookes had to drop a pretty major hint after the community wasn't able to solve it. Even after that, it took the combined efforts of quite a large group and quite a lot of time to actually figure out the entire thing.

The Thargoid mystery used a very complex set of nested mysteries, and fully used all the (then) available systems in game - and out of game - in order to resolve, almost all of it done without any clues or hints: First players had to notice the Fed convoys carrying mysterious Cargo and squawking odd comms chatter. Then they had to successfully pirate them to recover that cargo (they were Elite level, IIRC, so not easy). Then after getting a UA, it caused caustic damage, so players had to figure out how to 'care' for them to keep them in cargo (this was long before meta-alloys and CRCR). After that the investigations stalled, and the major use for them was UA bombing for a while! It took a comment on the forums from Brookes to galvanise the direction of investigation ("have you tried listening to them", or something to that effect). After that many more people got involved and lots of smart people started analysing the audio recordings - out of game - before things started to come together.

I can't recall exactly how long all this took but I think it was at least months between first finding a UA and figuring out what they did. Then after that there were additional mysteries with combining them with the Probes and Links later on which also included planetary searches and listening posts spitting out timed and coded audio clues etc. but by then the "method of solving" had been discovered - and not at all in any way simple! I doubt a single player could have solved the whole thing by themselves.

Also consider the Rift mystery; which was a different and simpler type of puzzle (a classic treasure hunt), which no-one actually solved - because quite frankly looking for drifting anaconda wrecks amongst thousands of stars is harder than finding a needle in a haystack. Thousands of people searched very, very hard and the area was just too big with only a vague directional heading to go off.

The Rift was Drew's baby, but he only proposed it and helped direct it - Fdev did the actual implementation within the game's systems. And bear in mind it was very much an easter-egg tie-in to one of the novels, unlike the Thargoid mystery which was baked into the narrative progression of the Thargoid reveals and used the full resources of Fdev to develop.

So yes, the Rift was "very simple" in that it was literally a findable POI location discoverable by a 'treasure map' of verbal clues - but the UA's and Thargoid mystery weren't by any means simple! Yet even the massed community struggled to solve both.

These two examples, I feel, are the best examples of the "mystery adventure quests" Fdev was playing with regarding deep mysteries in the early game - and we know Raxxla was implemented at the creation of the game, so it can use systems and interactions similar to both of these.

I think Raxxla is a combination of these two styles of mystery-puzzle. Clearly there were no clues originally (like the UAs). But unlike the Thargoid mystery, Raxxla was the work of a small team, or possibly only Brookes himself, and it's little more than an easter-egg, and was implemented at a time when everyone was super-busy building the game! So it's more likely to be closer to the Rift mystery, but with elements of the complexity and challenge we know Brookes thought very highly of. We can expect it to use the same game systems as the Thargoid UA mystery and the Rift mystery (because frankly they cover the full range of what was possible at the time). We as investigators have to consider what's it's likely to be, given the resources and technology in use.

What does this tell us? That any/all/combination of things are fully possible in relation to the Raxxla mystery:
Nested mysteries (a larger mystery that can't be solved without solving smaller mysteries first)
Positional / directional clues (required to physically be in a location to get a clue or resolve a mystery)
Audio clues (sounds in the game world that can be any other type of clue listed here)
Text clues (written text in the game world that can be any other type of clue listed here)
Coded clues (morse code, binary, octal, cyphers, triangulation, timed)
Audio and visual steganography (images encoded into audio)
Conditional clues (not all clues are available at the start).
I suspect it's very much like the Rift mystery in that the bracket of what Raxxla might be is just so wide, it's hard to know if you're even in the right area - the Codex helped with that to some degree. And like the Thargoid UA mystery the puzzle is on the edges or fully outside what most people expect. Because if it wasn't, it would have been found already by the thousands of folks that have tried over the last decade.
Last edited: Jan 30, 2024
Reactions:
El Saico, Ian Doncaster, Han_Zen and 4 others