rOmiLaYu
Jun 2, 2020
#17,007
TITUS MCCLOUD said:
Regarding the use of “unnamed” in reference to the gas giant. Is that FDEV being disingenuous or just very clever word usage. I first read it as unnamed gas giant as in the referred to gas giant doesn’t have a name. But can it not also be read as - I choose not to give you the name….leaving it unnamed in the context of the clue….whilst it actually still might have a name?
I suppose both could be true. However to call Jupiter an "unnamed gas giant," would be remarkably cheeky...if not flat out disingenuous. But you have a double edged sword here because even the veracity of the journalist is called into account in the Codex. There's a reference to her just saying these things to keep her fanbase happy. So there's the possible disinformation from the Pilots' Federation on top of the maybe/maybe not vibe to what she says. It could all be hogwash...or it couldn't.

I will say this, though. It seems to me that the picture in the Codex of the toroid station is a clue of sorts. FDev have, over the years, been notorious about skyboxes in videos and those leading the community to find things. I think it makes a lot of sense that the picture in the codex is an actual screenshot rather than curated content. "Hey Mark, load the intern into a dev account and have him grab a screenie of the dark wheel station." seems a lot easier than "Oi Mark, 'ave the art team build a one off station assest and model it in front of a small moon and big faffing star."

TITUS MCCLOUD said:
I’ll try to learn about parallax.
Not much to learn really...just fly slowly and use your Mk1 EyeBalls. If there's a wee tiny white dot that is moving in a way that is peculiar, you might have made a discovery.

TITUS MCCLOUD said:
Would the time TRITON became permit locked roughly coincide with the time the CODEX entry on THE DARK WHEEL was provided, or has the CODEX entry been in the game since the very start?
No. Triton's permit lock far preceeds the Codex. Codex came out in April of 2019 if memory serves. Triton's been locked for at least a year or more prior to that.

TITUS MCCLOUD said:
Again I appreciate the comments.
Happy to have the conversation!
Reactions:
Rochester, [PS4] Filthymick420 and PeteACarter