Spaceman Spiff
Mar 7, 2021
#21,648
Raxxla IS STILL IN SOL!
(Again with this? Yes, AGAIN!!!)



TL,DWR:

Raxxla is guaranteed to be in Sol’s “empty” main asteroid belt. Ooooooh, I said it!!!! I went there! And if you, commander, don't already believe that, then read on!




Purpose of this Post
To collect and display as much of what I believe to be the most current and relevant information in one place as possible.
To convince anyone who does not currently believe that Raxxla is in Sol, that Raxxla is, indeed, in Sol.
To light a fire under anyone's cheeks that may need it, and to provide/stimulate new thoughts, information, and discussion that will finally move us through to Raxxla!


A quick prep
SPOILER: PRE READING



If you do not yet believe that Raxxla is in Sol, and you are not afraid to be convinced, then come on in!

Why Sol? The Biggest Clues
SPOILER: THE CLUES



























The two possible responses to the clues and evidence

SPOILER: JUST TWO OF 'EM...






















Still Skeptical?

SPOILER: ONE LAST ATTEMPT TO SWAY YOU







Call to action!

What I propose

Fdev previously confirming that Raxxla is in-game and "discoverable" obviously fits this whole theory. What also fits both the theory and the (non)progress we've made in the game is that, while being discoverable, the odds of finding it by simply dropping in on it are (appropriately) astronomically low. Countless commanders have dropped in to "see if they could find it", myself included. These odds are not even slightly in our favor, regardless of how many of us do it, or for how long.
SPOILER: ODDS OF "DROPPING IN" ON THE ASTEROIDS





I am of the firm belief that to discover the missing asteroids, we need to
A: Be carrying something within our cargo hold to activate a response when within a certain range - Alien artifacts, rare goods, etc., or
B: Actively use a method or tool to discover something hidden or unknown - Use a scanner, tool, or element in a manner previously undiscovered or unthought of
SPOILER: EXAMPLES
or
C: Obtain hints/clues from someone/something else that help to locate them - This is horribly ambiguous, but think Dark Wheel invite, or trying any possible coordinates, clues or directions that have no home in Sol (this includes potential interpretations from the Codex), or
D: Find an old ship...?
SPOILER: "OLD SHIP THEORY"
E: Think outside the box! - Highly suggest trying things that have not tried before. Time is best spent being creative, or doing something else until you come up with an idea to try. Don't just recreate experiments, trials or work that many before you have!


Getting to Sol's non-targetable asteroid belt

SPOILER: HOW TO FIND THE ASTEROID BELT



Thank you for your time and attention, I hope this post inspires many commanders to join in un-miring our efforts to at last hunt down Raxxla! (Damn you Sidney, you and your metaphorical ramblings!)


Spiff OUT! o7

SPOILER: EXCESS TINFOIL


SPOILER: SELF-DEBUNKED



Last edited: Jan 18, 2022
Reactions:
Spaceman Si, Rochester, CMDR Sophie Joanne and 10 others