GURU-951
Sep 11, 2019
#12,189
So, something intriguing I found along the way.
The DW operate out of Neumann and Puelston stations in Shinrarta, and now Meredith City in LFT 926.
There are 44 Neumann stations/outposts and 22 Puleston stations/outposts within the galaxy.
Surely if they're renting space in a building someone should know something of the entities paying the rent, unless they own the building.
Using my method of looking for bodies named after Mountains I found that the system LTT 606 is the only Neumann station with a mountain named moon.
That moon is named Moel Lefn, which is a mountain in Snowdonia, Wales. Orbiting it is a station named Marianne's Journey To Arcadia.
On Moel Lefn you will find 2 crashed Anacondas, one of which has a Thargoid Sensor. Also in the system is a station named Jeremy.
This turned out to be a direct reference to a small book named Elysian Dawn by Sally Odgers which is a tale about a generation ship and onboard is Marianne Arcadia and her fiance Jeremiah.

"Marianne Arcadia expected to marry Jeremiah and raise a family. Edsen Balm had no more hope than to stay close to Marianne. Jameel Singh intended to travel home to Terra to meet his fiancée’s parents. Hanaka Moon meant to oversee the next generation of ship-born and pass the mantle of healer to her daughters. Meera Singh wanted to prove herself as the brightest new diamond in Mother Shiva’s crown. Cornelia Conti hoped to get her embroidery done and to find a shampoo that didn’t contain Stay-colour. All their plans crash-landed with the starship Elysian Dawn but that, as they say, was just the beginning."

The first time I visited this place I found 6 ships flying in a perfectly straight line and flying incredibly slow straight to Marianne's Journey To Arcadia.
I've seen this behavior since at other locations, but this line was so dang perfectly straight and at the time was a first time seeing something like this from NPC's and I've never seen it repeated anywhere else quite like it happened that day.

As an investigator, (which as a potential member of the DW you should be by now) the key to a good investigation is tracking down connections to the source. Typically an investigation will begin with the source connections and move out from there, especially if there are no clues besides the root of the story you're trying to unravel.
Using this approach has been an indispensable tool in my experience.

Thoughts?

*edit- Correction, it was 5 ships. Also, Elysian Dawn was published in 2018, so kickstarters are not a reason. Also worth noting the word Elysian. I'm not gonna refamiliarize you with this word and it's meaning as you likely, should understand the reference and the character from the DW novella by now.

Last edited: Sep 11, 2019
Reactions:
yelboc, Comandante, [PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99 and 5 others