Khaimera737
K
Jan 31, 2019
#5,643
The Lovers WoW

CyberTribe said:
Ok, here comes CODEX screenshots of what is important in my opinion:

At first, it's the DW article about joining DW:

So, you "unknowingly" follow some path, and afterwards you are contacted by DW.

Next one is that spacestation part:
In CODEX:

In main menu video:

We safely can assume that in this video we see that darkwheel station (if we forget about lower part of the video, with SRV)
Not much data for triangulating the exact location, but the star seems to be at least F-class, and it's rather close. Can't decide on the type of a planet, someone with better experience in exloration could give a hand here.

Now that toast/pledge part:

That one looks exactly like a path somewhere:
1. To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! = Cass Z
2. To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepst void = ??? (may be should be split in two, bt most likely is one)
3. The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. = ??? (may be should be split in 3 parts).

I'll check the theory about part 2 when i get to cass Z (and find out needed apps to do spectrum-analysis)
Part 3 puzzles me most.

As for other clues from the CODEX:

Artifact - Omphalos Rift (Greek mythology link?) That myth about 2 eagles and all that. Either another myth about stone which was given to Kronos instead of feedig him Zeus (that one was called Omphalos too).
Children's story "Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling stars" (Link to Sydneys' sonnets?).
Also, "Hints for those with eyes to see" in that Astrophel story.

The best we got is "Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling stars" = "Astrophel and Stella", but personally i doubt that's the one.
IMO most likely it's some other story that we should find, and that "Princess Astrophel and the spiraling stars" is a metaphorical link to some other story. Could be a story from greek mythology also.
Any children's stories about princess and stars that come to mind? May be some short animation film, for example? I'd guess it also should be connected with the next part:

And that one is intresting because of that "fernweh" sensation, which is a german world: "From fern (“far”) + Weh (“pain”). Can be literally translated as farsickness or longing for far-off places, as contrasted with Heimweh (“homesickness, longing for home”)." (quote from wikitionary).

If the Princess Astrophel and the spiralling stars = Astrophel and Stella theory is correct, then the key to part 3 of the Raxxla path is hidden in those sonnets (and songs also), but it's possible that understanding it is possible only after exploring part 2 of the path.
Click to expand...

The Lovers Woe may pertain to Zhinu and Vega. Star-crossed lovers Zhinu – represented by the star Vega in the constellation Lyra – and a humble farm boy, Niulang, represented by the star Altair in Aquila.
just a thought i have been combing this thread for 3 days now chasing leads. Going to check this out tonight.
Reactions:
Han_Zen