RaNaketh
Dec 19, 2019
#14,247
Garand1987 said:
Okay, hold up. Let’s say the PF major power, super power really, is in some way connected with TDW and where we start is the “outer hub” as the books suggest. Then our pilot ranks, noob to elite are like major power ranks but for the PF. We even unlock a permit to SD much like we would by ranking up with major powers.
the only apparent exception to elite rank is Dangerous combat rank as mentioned in the beacon (and hinted at in the name of the game itself.)
Let’s assume that you need elite to be admitted but also at least dangerous combat rank to get past the second rung of the wheel which is being admitted to founders world.
from there you need Rep with the PF much like you do with minor powers to be offered jobs. Even minor powers don’t give a flying F if you’re elite if you don’t have rep.
killing goids seems to rank you up with the PF but so does killing wanted CMDRS. if you only smack NPC’s you just get the minor power bounty but if you pay attention to the bounty board at stations and actually track down a real live wanted CMDR you get an additional PF bounty as well (talked to another CMDR who says they’ve also gotten a PF rep upgrade that way).
thinking to myself that the best way to find what FDEV has hidden is to follow the grind, since they seem to like to put a grind wall betwixt you and anything important, the combat rank is still the hardest one to get leveled up. They’ve not make that fairly easy as they have with trade and exploration. And nobody I know actually bothers to check the most wanted board and track down CMDR’s who are wanted and take them out.
maybe, we need be Dangerous as the game title and beacon suggests, then take part in tracking down wanted commanders until we get allied with the PF to get some sort of job offer or invitation to a system that is locked.
there’s a lot of PVP folks out there but idk of many that actually kill wanted commanders to get the PF bounty. Most are either gankers or PVP for fun folks, not many out there going all punisher on the felons of the galaxy.
Click to expand...

I like the thoughts around requiring =>Dangerous for Combat, which if the case excludes me (currently) from obtaining any JO.

The only challenge I see with your theory, is that the game has a 'Solo' mode which doesn't require you to interact with other players. So by isolating it to hunting other CMDRs to rank up with PF, FDEV would have to have consciously made an exclusion of finding TDW / RAXXLA (potentially) to only 'Open'.

Thoughts?
/ Ra
Reactions:
ArchEmperor, [PS4] Filthymick420 and Rochester