Noobilite
Dec 20, 2019
#14,259
Garand1987 said:
Okay, hold up. Let’s say the PF major power, super power really, is in some way connected with TDW and where we start is the “outer hub” as the books suggest. Then our pilot ranks, noob to elite are like major power ranks but for the PF. We even unlock a permit to SD much like we would by ranking up with major powers.
the only apparent exception to elite rank is Dangerous combat rank as mentioned in the beacon (and hinted at in the name of the game itself.)
Let’s assume that you need elite to be admitted but also at least dangerous combat rank to get past the second rung of the wheel which is being admitted to founders world.
from there you need Rep with the PF much like you do with minor powers to be offered jobs. Even minor powers don’t give a flying F if you’re elite if you don’t have rep.
killing goids seems to rank you up with the PF but so does killing wanted CMDRS. if you only smack NPC’s you just get the minor power bounty but if you pay attention to the bounty board at stations and actually track down a real live wanted CMDR you get an additional PF bounty as well (talked to another CMDR who says they’ve also gotten a PF rep upgrade that way).
thinking to myself that the best way to find what FDEV has hidden is to follow the grind, since they seem to like to put a grind wall betwixt you and anything important, the combat rank is still the hardest one to get leveled up. They’ve not make that fairly easy as they have with trade and exploration. And nobody I know actually bothers to check the most wanted board and track down CMDR’s who are wanted and take them out.
maybe, we need be Dangerous as the game title and beacon suggests, then take part in tracking down wanted commanders until we get allied with the PF to get some sort of job offer or invitation to a system that is locked.
there’s a lot of PVP folks out there but idk of many that actually kill wanted commanders to get the PF bounty. Most are either gankers or PVP for fun folks, not many out there going all punisher on the felons of the galaxy.
Click to expand...
That would make sense because the one beacon mentions the one thing the PF doesn't like is rogue pilots engaging in piracy. That fits the narative perfectly. Player kills and thargoids I guess are the solo/NPC version I guess. Follow the beacons!! The beasons indicate all the stuff related to PF rank. Killing bad pilots, search and rescue, helping the galaxy etc. I didn't post all of the beacons btw. There is also the influence and a few others. I assume they are online though.

That invisible rank may be the secret here. Maybe it will lead to something related to the elite pilots federation. It's described as the retirement home for the elite(Assuming it's not just founders world.). That is what Raxxla is described as in the pre elite game stuff that Raxxla comes from. It was a book. Or maybe it opens another rank or something in game. Do we know of anyone getting all elites and the invisible PF rank. this has to be leading somewhere. Not sure where, but it looks like it's an intentional breadcrumb or indicator of something lore or otherwise that seems embeded in game mechanics. That is the only reason for those tourist beacons in SD. And they fit everything in the codex to a T.

BTW, rank is most easily gained with major/minor factions via rep+++++ missions involving passenger tourist beacons. A coincidence? My rank ship

Still need to make a thargoid ship to do thargoid stuff. Unless that is a trap and we're instigating stuff over killing players. Sadly, I can't do that as I'm on linux and only play solo to avoid lag issues as to not effect other players. I'll have to work on thargoid and rescue missions. maybe all the stuff in the isolated windows in contacts are all the key. That might make sense as to why they are isolated screens. I wonder if they all go to the same rank or not.

Makes me wonder if a bunch of the PVPers already found raxxla or something and are hiding it. Maybe they all ranked up and found this out from all the player killing and bounty hunting.

Also, the beacons make it sound like TDW minor fraction is either a faction attempting to intefere with the major powers or something else. It's on a leash. Something odd about it. There seems like there is a reason it's in SD to start with and was locked way. Mabye it leads to new content. Possibly bad or good. I think PF is the real DW the codex refers too. I think it was the one engineering referencing it. And TDW is the offshoot that will be gotten rid of it if goes to far. That is what the beacons make it sound like. It sounds like the wheel are all of those financial things it's referring too that the PF setup to run itself. I think the whole game is just the reality of the new PF/jamesons structures and ranks. As this is the continuation of the previous storyline. The rest probably depends on what we do in game. Maybe there are lots of triggerable events we haven't done yet. The whole story if finding pilots who an effect the galaxy. Seems like player decided book logic. We are making the game logic happen and FDev is just reacting to what we do. Maybe the expected us to realize this and be more aggressive up till now. Assumed people would pick sides and have lots of back and forth as far as flipping systems. Usually games get played out. Could explain some of the manual stuff. Didn't want give aways in the code to be found. Manual inputs stop early discoveries.

I wonder if atmospherics will give more away. Plus I wonder if some of the release delays have to do with player decisions or lack there of and triggers that we have to acheive before they manually inject stuff into the game.

Source: https://imgur.com/a/FEcxHyZ

Edit: Actually 247 is missing. Does anyone know of a list that has 0247 in it?

All SD tourist beacons. Out of order though. 244-251. I think the key may be the tourist beacons. Assuming ones outside of SD matter. They seem to be the focus of the game. The stuff they emphasize seems to be the straight forward path to follow.

I'm assuming the obvious clue is the use of Elite in Elite pilots federation. And how they are the only ones who know the truth.

BTW, this puts the PF starting near or at 2805. When are the earliest mentions of raxxla? NVM, it's near 2296...

Edit: Note the mention of offers of marriage in 245 along with the trust to transport royalty and unknown items... Unknown items.

Edit: NVM, SD is the EFP. 246 describes the Elite Federation of pilots as a subgroup that owned it's own system. EFP has to be SD then. the generous discount across space must be the 2.5% discount. And it's private tech may or may not be the fact that jameson has access to guardian tech because it has a tech broker. Not sure about all of it. Human space sounds like the bubble and beyond. "Beyond!" is also the expansion name. And I wonder if it refers to engineers at all. I wonder if this was a space or ground beacon. The one thing this doesn't show is the location and type of beacon sadly.

Did the thargoid stuff happen when TDW got out of SD by chance. Maybe they are instigating stuff. Does anything line up with them getting out of their cage?

So, wording is similar is 251 to codex for TDF. EFP owns founders world which is where elites retire etc. Is founders world related to raxxla? It is the description of raxxla from pre elite 1984 content... Maybe that is not related. Raxxla is from before FP or EFP.

It's kind of interesting the thargoid first contact in lave is 2849. Exactly 44 years after 2805 when the PF was founded. This all links to jamesons origins in the PF. Does the FFe and FFE2 stories fit within the ED universe?
Last edited: Dec 20, 2019
Reactions:
RaNaketh and [PS4] Filthymick420