lorrad
Apr 8, 2018
#2,141
Scytale said:
Interesting. So, after all, it seems there ARE clues... on the skin of the Boss. He must be a fan of Prison Break too...
My two pence for the mix: ( beware, autism alarm ahead ! )
The star in the lower right quadrant of the tattoo might as well be Aldebaran (Alpha Tauri, 65 Ly from Sol and homing the Lovecraftian city of Carcosa ['You know Carcosa ?' True Detective]). We might see Derleth's Great Old One tentacular Hastur, the Indicible coming out of his den with his Byakhees all around. Can't remember the name of the scaled one...his servant iirc...
Concerned by the presence of the Archangel St Michael next to The Door or Gate (guarding from Lucifer/Loki ?). Can't remember any star specifically related to him which would help to furthermore confirm the Polaris-Sirius thing ...
Currently chasing our excellent Macros in the outer rim near BP... too far to investigate this tinfoil stuff ...


Was sort of joking but I think there is a Raxxla Cthulu connection,,, in this wikipedia quote from Lovecraft..


I found myself faced by names and terms that I had heard elsewhere in the most hideous of connections—Yuggoth, Great Cthulhu, Tsathoggua, Yog-Sothoth, R'lyeh, Nyarlathotep, Azathoth, Hastur, Yian, Leng, the Lake of Hali, Bethmoora, the Yellow Sign, L’mur-Kathulos, Bran and the Magnum Innominandum—and was drawn back through nameless aeons and inconceivable dimensions to worlds of elder, outer entity at which the crazed author of the Necronomicon had only guessed in the vaguest way.... There is a whole secret cult of evil men (a man of your mystical erudition will understand me when I link them with Hastur and the Yellow Sign) devoted to the purpose of tracking them down and injuring them on behalf of the monstrous powers from other dimensions. —H. P. Lovecraft, "The Whisperer in Darkness"


There is a whole secret cult of evil men,,," line seem ported directly into The Dark Wheel and Premonition, connecting the Club and the Dark Wheel through it's use?
Last edited: Apr 8, 2018
Reactions:
Jaiotu and Scytale