Ian Doncaster
Jun 25, 2024
#34,321
Jorki Rasalas said:
Still can't see which post you're referring to?

I'll do a direct forum quote of it instead, see if that works better for you
bluecrash said:
misinformation:

These are unconfirmed statements, we will assume they are false until we get sources for them. X Someone honked the system but didn't scan it. This rumor states a source as Elitecon (oldest citation) and a Dj Truthsayer video (with no link provided) X Decyphering the word “RAXXLA” using “HEXEDI” as a key results “KWATIS”. Nothing has been found there and it’s assumed just a coincidence at this stage. X CMDR FLAVIUS AQUILI stated he had found Raxxla and gave some coordinates, @[PC] 100.RUB (AXI) surveyed around said coordinates and in the system thoroughly and found nothing of interest. It’s now marked as deliberate disinformation
(its post 8118 in this thread if you want to look for it directly)


Jorki Rasalas said:
The rumoured utterance would not preclude it being hidden anywhere,
It doesn't preclude it in a strictly logical form, but if we take the common "honk" form of the rumour, it would be a really odd form of wording for a system like Sol (common knowledge exploration data even in 2016, so you wouldn't even need to honk it) or even a more obscure bubble system like Sobek where it's not just been visited and honked, it's been fairly thoroughly scanned within the apparent limits of the ADS and DSS of the time.

It'd be a bit like describing the Empire as being a power with over ten systems and more than fifty years of history - it's technically true but a really bizarre way to put it.

(Though it's probably not worth worrying too much about the precise wording of something which was likely never said and is at best being reported 3rd- and probably 4th-hand if it was; any authorial sleight of language will have been destroyed by that process anyway)

Jorki Rasalas said:
That suggests either:
3) The rumour started - again, consider the comparators - with some dying and space-mad explorer rambling about "cities made of gold" having received a vision like Halsey's. They'd never actually visited it, no-one has made any direct or indirect observations of it. That's why it's still just a rumour centuries later.
(At least we have word of Frontier that unlike the comparators the reason for that is not "it doesn't exist")
Reactions:
Darrack and Jorki Rasalas