Rochester
Jun 27, 2024
#34,339
selbie said:
Well it means we've found a map of the system The only problem is that it leaves us searching for a needle in a needlestack
I'm exaggerating obviously, but if we can get a frame of reference to narrow the candidates down then that will be huge progress.

Well that is the big question.

The map / garden design has been around forever but non of us perceived it until only recently.

Credit there to @CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian who thankfully kept reinforcing their palm tree concept.

Myself and a whole bunch of Cmdrs than may have had a moment of epiphany, because we had all been researching John Milton and our pattern recognition seemingly kicked in.

The key is John Milton. That map identifies Milton’s cosmos in my opinion, a vast void outside our own universe, with heaven above - the Empyrean, a walled land made of living light whose floor and roads were described as if like the milky way, a vast incomprehensible walled land which was so big one could not identify if it was circular or square, but it was the only source of light in that outer universe, and Satan could perceive it from a distance; then Chaos just beneath it, a zone of primordial matter; then hell below, a perversion of heaven, a huge domed land of fire and ice.

The thing is that Milton’s Paradise Lost is filled with orientational markers.

In my investigations I think there are some locations in game which marry some of these, albeit abstractly. And when observed as a whole I think replicate Milton’s cosmology.

If that’s true the garden map ought to align, and the concept of where Eden is ought to be the same in game, as it is reflected in the Codex and the memorial quote.

To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies.

To the pendant world that hangs by a golden chain from the brow (hill) of heaven.

In Paradise Lost that exact location is identified as being just off from the location of where Satan first fell, from around the Northern wall of heaven; and that it hangs from a position allowing the Eastern gate of heaven to descend upon it.

So it ought to be somewhere under the East or North East wall of the Empyrean. No in it, but just under it, probably upon the outer rim of chaos.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10281101

If the above were true then this concept of enlightenment, is likewise possibly true because it opens up concepts of the ‘other’ which I feel is directly linked to Brookes ‘The Space Inbetween’ which revolves around the very nature of reality being wholly different to that perceived by modern man.

So Raxxla can be two things, a definitive place, and probably an explanation of the above cosmos.

Its possible therefore we have jumped the narrative and discovered the objective before walking the path, but that’s my personal opinion.

Point is if it’s true it identifies Raxxla as Eden and very likely is situated above Sol just under the Empyrean…

However I think the other half of the Codex is pointing to hell, and describes a Celtic concept of Eden, which may advocate the existence of two locations; or it advocates Brookes cosmos has moved Milton’s Eden to the Underworld…or something exists there which ought to give us additional insight and put us on the correct path?

It’s still a vast unknown.
Last edited: Nov 5, 2024
Reactions:
Darrack, selbie and Jorki Rasalas