SpaceGoblin
Mar 19, 2024
#33,644
Jorki Rasalas said:
Good job! wish I could give you more likes for that post!!!

Happy I cpould help

Jorki Rasalas said:
The tall trees do look like cedars or maybe cypress. Photinia does have red (new) leaves but doesn't have thorns; those bushes look more like Pyracantha (firethorn) to me with red berries...

Yeah, I'm no botanist, that works better!

Jorki Rasalas said:
So, those "short straight paths" are actually benches!

At the time I said 'sometimes a bench is just a bench', that was only my best duess at what they where

Jorki Rasalas said:
Macros has useful info on first page of this thread!

Yeah, I keep meaning to go through it all - so many stuffs, so little minutes!

Jorki Rasalas said:
I still suspect they were deleted because they weren't relevant and just too much obfuscation; they might have been part of a related TDW storyline which was deleted on same grounds...but then why did FD leave TDW bit in the codex???

Could be they confused more than helped - I think the Codex Entries are probably 'bare minimum content' to raise awareness/create interest/give a starting point.

Rochester said:
Only sense checking myself to make sure I had sufficient tin-foil protection.

One can never have too much tin-foil!

Rochester said:
Everyone’s input recently has been highly insightful.

Again, just happy to be throwing idea's around.

Rochester said:
Last night I visited a nearby tourism system and the first thing that stood out was that garden design, it was rather a beautiful moment. I spent a good half hour just wandering around the station in free-cam mode, it was very lovely, I’d forgotten how beautiful and wonderfully designed these stations are, they’re a triumph.

Yeah, I often take screenies of my ships inside the docking bays, and there are so many cool touches in them.

Jorki Rasalas said:
Saw Dune: part two yesterday - amazing!

Looking forward to it myself, probably be a while before I get to it, though.

Louis Calvert said:
Hyperbole and a half.

Isn't it all hyperbole, until someone finds something?

Macros Black said:
Perhaps something like this?

Now I'm wondering howe that SRV got into the docking bay, and if you tried it with Odyssey now, could you disembark from the SRV and 'swim' around the docking bay?

Good way to end up plastered over the nose of an Orca, but still!

Jorki Rasalas said:
According to some reference Ive browsed this afternoon after the expulsion of Adam & Eve God moved Paradise from Earth to Heaven...
Just taken two more pix inside Li Qing Jao station, the docking light and the statue- might this represent Adam & Eve reaching for the Forbidden Fruit on the Tree of Knowledge?

Rochester said:
Brilliant, I never would have made that particular jump regarding those statues and yes God relocated Eden after the fall. Eden was always to be the ‘new heaven’. Paradise was always portrayed by Milton to be an earthly pastoral paradise.

Really hope all this is actually what this all means. This sounds totally genius.

I really like this observation/idea!

I don't think it would matter too much where the Statues occur in the bay - they will always be reaching towards the centerline of the bay, and from the entrance, look like they're reaching for the lights I keep crashing in too.

The only other observation I have to offer on that front is if the 'Symbol' at the end of the docking bay represents lost paradise, and Raxxla is analogous for our purposes, then that makes something 'true' that I have always wanted to be so...

SPOILER: BEHOLD!

Reactions:
simulacrae