Noobilite
Sep 10, 2018
#3,462
Something stupid just dawned on me. If raxxla is supposed to be a low population planet then what about a search of planets at and below said population. Would that give any hints? Didn't a book give the limit of population to the visiting people. Or was that just in the original material? Are there a lot of planets with low populations? Even if it's not in the game and just the original pre game info maybe they mimicked it.

This might be a hot topic but, if you can figure out what it is based on in real life maybe it can make it easier. If raxxla has to do with intel or potentially jewish intel for instance(as there are potential hints of this in the art and various things, plus that was a common belief at the time of the original art and game) maybe you can pinpoint what it should be. Aren't there connection to jewish intel and british intel in origin or something. This is an internet game and there has always been the knowledge of info gathering on the internet in mass(even if it wasn't gathered via the internet), especially presumably by jewish sources(as a standalone thing or as a puppet setup by other powers). And those have always been associated with other things like british(the games country of origin) and possibly american or even french or arabic or other sources. What is the history of info searching and other secretive intel. I doubt NSA or American spying like today would be a relative source. It's probably the older theories if anything. Although I guess NSA was also around then(in the publicly mind) and probably had theories. I think it was more trusted at the time though. (BTW, a lot of these theories may be biblical allegories in part in origin. The kind of this is happening from the bible ideas. Although they may have a lot of truth to them also.)

It used to be heavily believed they were doing a lot of the older info selling before it became a more popular idea back in the day before this was a common idea outside of the internet. I'm not sure who else was considered to be doing this. The idea was probably attached to Britain if anything or other odd things. I can't remember the theories. There were types of info gathering specifically believed to be going on back then too. I can't remember. If might have correlations in the game.

I think this whole intel thing could be attached to an idea like where the elite of the world try to do something then it backfires on them and other odd things(like certain movies.). This is all also attached to some biblical stories. Although I think they are new testament. Unless they are also old testament. That is usually the case when looked into more. In fact most stories in western culture are attached to the bible heavily when you look at them deeper.

I think one of the beliefs is that other countries/powers were using jewish country status to do things they couldn't or wouldn't want to be associated with. This was also done in coordination with wars etc potentially/supposedly. This could fit the game in regards to major powers working together. Maybe against things like the thargoids or something. Or two of the powers against another. Countries have always had this odd way of working together in the background. Even taken to the extreme of using the phrase, "the world is a stage,: and that all things happening in the public is only a staged act to make it look like things are happening to manipulate the public... In which case if you consider all public things a lie what could you get? Maybe the thargoids and other things aren't real, or are controlled by major powers or groups/allies.
Last edited: Sep 10, 2018