Rochester
Apr 10, 2022
#25,894
LumpTheNoLeggedDog said:
Well, it is only logical. They need founding raxxla to make a big splash. They will have someone who will make it a headlines after finding Raxxla. Maybe even they will have someone find it live during a stream. Defiantly they don't want a person who will find raxxla to be just some regular joe who may not even taken a pic of it or post it as a news or wont make a story out of it how he/she did it. Like I said, they will have someone finding raxxla who will make a headline out of it like they expect this event to create. Then we regular joes will be allowed to go see it.

p.s. sorry for being party pooper.
Hi, no not a party pooper - many of us here are very open minded. Its a fair assumption but it doesn’t really fit with FD modus operandi nor narrative driven / community driven practices. And I think your coming at this from a very singular perspective and giving FD far too much credence.

FD will seed the following types of events into ED (this list is not inclusive and is only an example).

1: is content inserted at X time (usually during an update) which is left in situ waiting for someone to find it, it will usually have some game related elements to kickstart a search; a Galnet article or mission etc. If no one interacts with it FD may release a hint / nudge, usually some cryptic statements in a press release.

Advantages: single player focused, gives multiple players something to do over a longer period of time eg content.

Disadvantages: has very little PR impact, liable to go undetected or fade into obscurity.

2: is to use community events, where FD publicly direct play to a certain area and force the community to decide on option 1 or option 2. The outcome decides what new content / narrative is to be inserted.

Advantages: inclusive and enables community activities. Regular PR driven by community.

Disadvantages: Minimum PR impact.

3: is a story item, where something is directly inserted at a given future date or dates; and the community is provided a kind of bread crumb narrative set of clues. This takes the player base as a whole on a journey, they are never really able to find the ‘ending’ on their own as technically FD hold that back until a big reveal.

Advantages: inclusive and enables community activities. Regular PR driven by community.

Disadvantages: Minimum PR impact. Danger some random Cmdr will hijack proceedings and deflect positive elements.

4: is very similar to all of the above but FD communicate with a selected player group indirectly and drop hints (because that group is focused and reliable regards finding things in game).

Advantages: focused community to achieve results much quicker.

Disadvantages: danger of exclusion of community as a whole.

5: is to offer a prize to the first Cmdr to find something.

Advantages: inclusive and enables community activities. Promotion of products for sale.

Disadvantages: Minimum PR impact. Short lived.

In conclusion if Raxxla is currently obtainable or has already been found, the end result will not be the celebration of 1 Cmdrs bragging rights but it will herald in some narrative element.

If Raxxla cannot currently be found then FD will want to grab the communities attention as a whole as FD end goal is to ‘promote’ the game and encourage fiscal revenue.

I don’t believe the celebration of 1 person would achieve that, they did do it at the start of Elite where they gave some Cmdr a big cash prize, and they almost did that with CQC but they dropped that event very quickly, or no one ever got involved/ remembers…but it is more likely to be community focused, it IS possible they might leak it to a certain group, so you could be correct in that regard.

However to do what you propose is too Machiavellian which given FD track record is beyond their capabilities, and ultimately is not a sound business model as it’s far too risky because it would eventually result in disclosure and negative feedback from the community.

*edit: It’s likely it is just an Easter egg, and FD general attitude towards it is irrelevance; it is ourselves who have inflated it’s importance, at most it may have caused FD to alter Raxxla to a degree to improve it, but I shouldn’t put too much stock in FD abilities - just look at Odyssey.
Last edited: Apr 10, 2022
Reactions:
yelboc, LumpTheNoLeggedDog, Crimson Echo and 1 other person