Thatchinho
Aug 17, 2018
#3,230
Macros Black said:
Are the Guardians waving to us from the Andromeda galaxy?

Who built the gateway? An Alien race obviously. The Thargoids? I don't think so, legend tells us they found it and kept it's secret safe. The Guardians? Well they're certainly alien, and they may have had a very good reason for building it; to escape the Thargoid enemy that was wiping them out. So did they escape to another galaxy, and that't why we're only seeing ruins now and maybe a Guardian station/mega-ship, if the new trailer can be believed.

Let's forget the Guardians for a (little) bit. Where would an alien race build a gateway? One guess is in their home world system for easy travel and perhaps even mass evacuation. So one would search for an Alien home world, but where to search for such a place?

I had a look at the galactic map on edsm.net, and there's currently 3(5?) guardian sites (Col 173 Sector) relatively close to SOL. Would an Alien race not build more bases close to home? This area may be worth a closer look. I know, it has probably been searched extensively, but there's probably more non-visited systems our there, just widening the search area a bit.

I counted 7 question marks in the ramble above, but hey, remember this is a quest

Btw: Raxxla Origins would a cool title for a book, Drew? (8, I know)

Galactic News: Intriguing Expedition Record Surfaces


Logs from The Cete

Heading out shortly, so only a quick reply for the moment.

The centre of Guardian space seems to be the Regor sector which is permit locked.

Thargoids weren't wiping the Guardians out. The Guardians partially retreated from disputed territory while attempting to negotiate, and then gathered their forces and beat the Thargoids (well the Thargoids which were in that area of space, anyway). (Incidentally, that there had been a territorial cross-over was worked out well before it was stated in the Guardian logs which came in 3.0)

Some Guardians were effectively reaching the mind/machine Singularity via the use of brain implants but were exiled from mainstream Guardian society. Their fate is unkown.

The rest of the Guardians largely wiped each other out in a civil war, and then were finished off by their own AI. (At the behest of their Civilian AI, and objected to by their Military AI.) Fate of the Guardian AI is unknown.

Personal speculation - the Singularity was effectively through Guardian and AI union, and was resulting in exponential development prior to it's interruption. If the Exiles and AI reunited, then there would be 2 Myrs worth of similar development resulting in something far far beyond us. - The creators of Raxxla? Quite possibly. Also, a possible match for what Halsey describes encountering.

Supplemental info:

Regor is the closest WR star to Earth, and therefore a target for scientific expeditions even if just via unmanned probes.

A route can be plotted to the Regor sector using the minimum jump range needed to reach Achenar from Sol. Hyperspace was discovered in the mid 22nd century & Achenar was colonised in the mid 23rd century.

Implications of the above are fairly obvious... (In terms of the secretive side of human history, not Raxxla specifically, I hasten to add.)
Reactions:
Macros Black