Han_Zen
Jul 18, 2018
#3,049
Scytale said:
Well... de facto, this group already exists. It is here. In this thread. Want to be introduced ? But beware, they are a pretty bunch of singular characters. Look, for an example, at the Boss, Macros The Black (only the name should make you shiver!) who, not only did the incredible work you can see in the Front Pages, but also set up a mean gang of throat-cutters (one year duration Dead End Expedition) and are alltogether scouring the Outer Rim and actively searching for Raxxla (https://forums.frontier.co.uk/showthread.php/354475-The-Dead-End-s-Circumnavigation-Expedition). And what about the mind behind, "Doc" Jaiotu, alias Cmdr Finn McMillan ? Any doubt, question or fantasy about Raxxla lore ? Better call Doc ! (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkDj8KhrDig) No need to warn you about the most sinister character of this party, the Adams pet-penguin (yup! the Adams Family also bred a penguin, and he had to come here...). He won't let pass the smallest inconsistency in any of your comments or tinfoilings ! Even Drew Wagar himself, once asked him if he was actually reading his mind ! I tell you, everyone you may need in this Quest is already here. The Fu Manchu-like mad scientist Han_Zen very well infiltrated among the nerds of the Canonn Group (Han means chinese in...chinese). The specialist in opening your mind through any known or unknown exotic beverage, Ol'Pa Jorki. The master-in-throwing-salt-to-the-FDevs, the provocative Scytale (to serve you). And many other brilliant minds and excellent fellow-threaders, all very used to elaborate incredible theories and always starving to chase chymeras wherever they show their tail, who I won't name to make it short !
Be welcome !

I bet there will be a horde of new hunters after that colourful description.

I actually took the commander name Han Zen, because that’s what every east asian I ever worked with called me.

My RL last name is Hansen. The east asian version sounds much more space like.

Han was apparently a skilled pilot in a galaxy far away. It is of course also an Imperial name used by the royal family in Elite.