Rochester
Sep 16, 2024
#34,826
Good point @CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian - Thanks for the link.

Time and again we’ve quickly identified various aspects of the codex literally, but our doubts and the texts apparent looseness has encouraged us to go down a thousand rabbit holes.

Yes ‘that book’ is one of maybe two sources, primarily Legacy.

Logical intelligence assessment requires you breakdown the text which is presented to you. Any and all text in that evidence (codex) is therefore potentially relevant. Given this is a game the universe of probability is shrunk considerably in our favour, in that how the text is written is an indication of what it contains.

It’s evident the text of Legacy is key, This is reiterated by the memorial tours whose journey and text reinforce the importance of Legacy as a key point.

That part of the text is alluded to an outside literary source.

The issue I have is in the title. The term Astrophel is a unique word created by the poet Philip Sidney, which is a combination of words which literally translates as Star Lover.

However, it also a male prefix, which given how far removed Sidney is contextually from the other source material it although very obvious is probably a miss interpretation by the game author and probably was used directly as a metaphor as in Princess Starlover.

So who in Legacy is the royal protagonist! None except maybe Julia (Joves child) but that is not a moniker for royalty?

I propose the codex author is referencing to Legacy directly, and something in that text which is identifying a location. The mysterious children’s story I doubt is an actual book, the author is simply implying to look at one text.. but they maybe loading it with multiple layers which could relate to other texts?!?

Sidney wrote his text as a homage to his real life love; but MB never actually wrote about him? - ever. But MB did write about another, who similarly also wrote their text as a tribute to unrequited love.

Dante.

Many of the aspects of the Devine Comedy marries the theoretical aspects in game. Oddly none of those actually physically correlate as much as they do with Milton’s Cosmology, which can be interpreted to be in game. But the story of Dante’s is about love of and it involves a mountain, and important a spiralling path whose summit (Eden) is beset by stars…?

I have read Sun Dragons and Tau Ceti. I cannot find any direct reference (to date). I maybe wrong, I use critical and academic analysis, granted this may blind me in various respects, but textually context is key, and I cannot yet find any direct contextualisation. But I’m no expert.

So if Legacy is the correct source, I believe the codex is the key, and that it’s multi layered, so it’s open to debate.

Currently I am following the logical spacial references and that it is in Brookes / Hammers directions, to the Beautiful Mountain below Achernar.

This location marries that identifiable in the Codex, namely the Lost Reslms…
Last edited: Sep 16, 2024
Reactions:
Darrack and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian