Jorki Rasalas
Sep 16, 2024
#34,833
Virtual Yoda said:
Well my memory was out then

I thought the missions were 2018 and TDW was gaining rep at the same time. Ill sit back down
The E/F missions disappeared in 2016. They were bugged, but they could have been fixed, so the fact that they were instead totally withdrawn suggests to me that either their purpose was OBE, or that they were too successful. This might be supported by the lack of FD clarification over their disappearance-they do not comment on anything related to Raxxla. If you look at their descriptions (first page of thread) closely several were promulgated by the Pilot's Federation against TDW in SD. We are told in one TB that (the real) TDW was a faction within PF, and Elite Premonition (proof read so tacitly approved by MB) reinforces (also suggested in the codex in Felicity's text) that TDW in SD are a false front distracting attention from the real TDW. At game outset there were 5 different spellings of PF...one could be allied by running missions for PF Local Branch in SD, one could be allied by killing Thargoids &/or by rescuing passengers from damaged stations & Davanix reported getting allied with another ( by gaining combat bonds after fighting against Jupiter Rochester in the HIP 54530 CG). Never found out how to ally with the other(s). The "you are now allied with" message that came up in the cockpit used the different PF spellings, and you got that message even if you were already allied with one or more of the other PF spellings.

So I think this was part & parcel of MB's "in-game Raxxla storyline" that he mentioned on the forum (see link to FD Quotes thread via my signature). So why were those missions withdrawn? Could be that the Raxxla storyline was deemed too hard, but IMO more likely too easy & those missions were deemed to be overemphasising the PF. Could be that the PF factions were actually removed (the SD TB showing the spelling differences were all corrected a while ago, though much later than 2016). Could be that there were actually two storylines, for Raxxla and TDW, and they were unrelated. Could be that FD decided on commercial grounds to emphasise the Thargoid storyline and concentrated effort so something had to go... don't suppose we'll ever know without MB.

Extract from my notes:
As reported by EDSM minor factions-
1 Pilots Federation Local Branch -PF Democracy 0 controlled stations 0 controlled systems.
2 Pilots’ Federation Administration - PF Corporate 5 systems 7 stations Otegine/Aldrich, Matet/Coelho, Dromi/Mawson+Dimery+Aitkins, Sharur/Archias, Orna/ Fuzong, however all these systems need Pilot’s Federation permit-newbies area!! Recently implemented so unlikely to be relevant.
3 Pilots’ Federation Local Branch - PF Democracy 0 stations 0 systems - in ShinDez
4 PilotsFederation - no detail! -rank via rescue missions or Thargoid kills 0 stations 0 systems
5 The Pilots Federation - Independent Democracy 0 stations 0 systems Shinrarta Dezhra

The different (original, now corrected!) spelling discrepancies were noticed in the Tourist Beacons in Shin Dez. Perhaps this beacon set of clues with different spellings is really why they are located in Shin Dez which you have to be Elite to enter? (I.e. “personal journey”)
We know from Elite Premonition that TDW in Shin Dez are “at the outer rim”.

Rochester raised a bug report on these different spellings & the response (later deleted!!) indicated that all spellings were correct so there must be a reason. Clearly this is an obfuscation on the basis that most people would assume this was a single faction and put the differences down to bad spelling on FD’s part (which has always struck me as a bit strange, especially since MB was an author and Exec Producer who should have enforced good spellchecking practice). I suspect we need to ally with all these variants to trigger some event. Given that Davanix allied with one faction by combat bonds in a CG, possibly we should be investigating CGs ore closely? If one is by CG combat, one by anti-xeno/rescues, perhaps other PF factions are related to exploration & trade CG?

Shinrarta PF Tourist Beacons - original spelling (now corrected!)

0244/Pilots’ Federation Origins/The Pilots’ Federation has existed for a very long time. It was founded in 2805 during the great surge of private ownership of small starships enabled by the hugely competitive modular ship designs made available during the previous decades. / It was founded as much as a way of agreeing prices for ship parts en masse (where member benefit from group discounts), but soon becane much more, providing a system where trusted pilots could share route information and protect each other from a new scourge - also enabled ny the proliferation of small starships - of interstellar piracy. Over the years an unofficial tally of pirate kills amongst some members began as 'bragging rights' but soon members started showing their kills on their online IDs, and before long those without such a rating were referred to as 'Harmless' - and by implication not so desirable to provide cover on a route known for pirate attacks. / Gradually, the Pilots Federation grew to encompass a great many pilot-owners and their ships. It also provided an element of respectability as the itinerant nature of their lifestyles had started to bring suspicion amongst planet-siders - where the lack of accountability of space farers brought about by their ability to simply move on to a different system before the law caught up with them gave them a bit of a reputation as cowboys or as thieves in certain places. The Pilots Federation would not tolerate dishonourable behaviour among its members, and so such members would wear the PF's logo with pride - earning them a little respect in their dealings, and an antidote to the cowboy image.

0245/The Elite/In 3100 the Pilots Federation began issuing modified version of its 'wings' badge that included the pilot's rating written across it in capitals, and made official the names of these ratings, starting with 'Harmless, then 'Mostly Harmless', all the way to 'Elite'. The most coveted was the 'Elite' badge, and the first of these was awarded to Commander Peter Jameson, who wore it on the rear of his Cobra MkIII for the rest of his life. / Before long this small and highly respected group of pilots with these coveted badges became known as 'The Elite'. They received all sorts of offers - both commercial and personal - (including offer of marriage!). The commercial side became valuable - whether it was transporting royalty or taking unknown items 'no questions asked'. The group was considered utterly trustworty, with the confidentiality assured, and its members took this very seriously.

0246/The Elite Federation of Pilots/As their reputation spread, the small group became overwhelmed. There was no way they could satisfy anything like all the demands on them, so the formed 'The Elite Federation of Pilots'. This was a sub-group of the Pilots Federation and it ran its own system to exchange offers between its members. It was quite secretive, and hugely respected, and there was a high demand for their services. Their main problem was how few 'Elite' pilots there were. Many pilots would get rich and retire long before they attained the coveted 'Elite' status; the fundamental problem was that the rating was a kill count. Wise members of the group realised that, in fact, they were no better pilots than some younger pilots with much lower ratings - they had just been doing it for longer - though others outside the group didn't see it like that. They wanted the cachet of employing an 'Elite' pilot. They were also aware that the pirates were getting better. They were better organised than in the early days, and better equipped. / It is rumoured they run secret bases and have their own technologies, but what is known for certain is they are highly respected, and get generous discounts throughout human space. In practice the aura of secrecy proved a great strength. The EFP now has representatives throughout human space and beyond, and it is an organisation to which every pilot aspires to be a member.

0247/Pilots’ Federation Secrecy/The Pilots’ Federation in many ways is a secretive organisation. This in part reinforces its status of neutrality. It exists to support pilots, not nationalities or political factions. Over the years this has led to its acceptance (albeit grudging in some cases) in practically all human domain. / Despite its ubiquitous presence it has very little direct dealings with the public. Even member pilots tend to interact via the networked rankings and bounties system. The prime exception to this is registration. A pilot has to register in person for their PF license. Registration is performent at offices throughout human habitted space. / The PF represents the nearest thing to law in uncontrolled and ungoverned space. Their existence provides a safely net for human expansion in space beyond the major factions. / The Elite Federation of Pilots (EFP) continues as a select and extremely secretive group within the larger organisation.

0248/Pilots’ Federation Interests/The Pilots Federation as an organisation controls a vast financial empire. This is not public knowledge, although the major intelligence services are aware of the fact. However for the most part these financial resources are used to improve safety for pilots and for funding bounties used to improve safety for pilots and for funding bounties where local authorities do not (or in uncontrolled space), some governments have been known to take advantage of this. / The Pilots Federation also takes a private interest in the independent venture with new colonies, this will typically be masked by front companies. In only one known case has the PF taken control of a world or system - see the Founders' World section below. / As well as providing fund for bounties it also receives transaction fees for completed bounties that are processed through the PF bounty system - and in many cases retains unclaimed bounties where, for whatever reason, the pilot who has earned it doesn't claim it. / By far the most significant contribution to the PF's finances is the near monopoly it has for the embedded ship and station systems.

0249/Pilots’ Federation's Near Monopoly/Historically the Pilots’ Federation has been a trusted soure of information for pilots. As humanity expanded into space that need for informatiuon continued to grow. / Before 3100 they provided data for many ship and station manufacturers. After 3100 in an understated, but effective campaign of acqusitions and mergers they came the dominant provider of this data as well as the hardware and software solutions serving that data. / From star chart data, ship data and bounty management systems the Pilots Federation expanded their data sources to include markets, newsfeeds and communication systems. / In 3300 the Pilots Federation's GalNet system has a near monopoly on all shipboard and station embedded systems. The systems are fitted as standard on nearly all independent ships and even some militaries. It's a testament to the trusted nature of the PF that his monopoly has occured with the little resistance bar some back room negotiations.

0250/Pilots’ Federation's Influence/Officially, the Pilots Federation is apolitical: as an organisation it does not interfere with the internal workings of systems or factions. However this official stance is a misnomer. The PF wields considerable power through its web of political contacts as well as the application of the bounty system and control of the ship and station embedded systems. / It also uses a lot of soft power by providing pilot safety support throughout human space. / There are also known cliques within the PF (The Dark Wheel is probably the most famous) that have their own agendas. Officially these are discouraged, but in an organisation so large they are tolerated as long as they don't overstep the mark.

0251/Pilot’s Federation's Secrecy/Much of what the Pilots Federation does revolves around secrecy; and this has many layers. Within the Pilots Federation, the Elite Federation of Pilots is even more mysterious and secretive, and at the centre of that is the elusive 'Founders World'. / It is the only system directly controlled by the EFP, and even its location is closely guarded. The secrecy is maintained by the EFP using 'misinformation' - there are a great many rumours of its rough location - and they all contradict each other. Only a select few - the members of the EFP - know the truth. / The system is governed by the EFP and it is here that the organisation's headquarters is based. / EFP members are allowed to retire here in relative anonymity.

Edit
I think various Galnet posts and TBs originally used those different spellings to hint at the gameplay needed:
So: Ps_F/ P’s_F/ Ps’_F/ PsF/ T_Ps_F
1. Ps_F: # markets traded, Anti-piracy missions.
2. P’s_F: BH enemies of the Pilot’s Federation-sponsored CG/BH/Assassination?
3. Ps’_FLB: Missions for SD faction YEP
4. PsF: Kill Thargoids or rescue from damaged stations YEP
5. T_Ps_F: refuel stranded pilots? sponsored CG
But since the spelling differences have been correct in-game I suspect this is possibly no longer valid.
Unless DB actually follows my posts and had the spellings corrected because I was getting too near the mark/too vocal about this hidden storyline?
It might be instructive to hear if people are still getting the various allied messages for killing Thargoids etc. It's also possible that this was OBE when PF became a superpower.
Last edited: Sep 16, 2024
Reactions:
Virtual Yoda, Han_Zen, Rochester and 2 others