Neestar
Sep 15, 2024
#34,822
Rochester said:
Please do read the first page, there are areas which describe specifically how the ‘old missions’ were originally found to be have been removed.
i'm guessing you're meaning me? ( for some reason you never seem to QUOTE the person you're responding to lol )

Anyways, i've already read the first page and i'm still confused ( and disappointed ) because i don't understand why the Codex entry remains then. Just a big taunting tease? Seems odd and cruel , in my opinion.
Rochester said:
You post a good question, the answer is an unknown unfortunately, we can only hazard a guess as to why.
Again , i'm going to presume you're referring to my question from earlier? But yeah all the "guessing" can be fun i suppose....unless dedicated players like you are still guessing 10 years later lol . Heck i've only been searching for RAXXLA ( and therefore 'Dark Wheel' ) going on barely 5 months and i'm already losing a tiny bit of hope. Just a bit though. Nothing more.
Rochester said:
We know not from the game but through support and devs: that at one point these missions were ultimately removed.
Baffles me when super cool mystery content is just removed from a game , but i guess they had their reasons.
Rochester said:
But other elements linked to ‘that story’ left in game!
Again, hence my confusion.
Rochester said:
Additionally never released content, models, video and audio has been found in the code, and since removed.

In conclusion: the game existed in a prior state of development than it does now. But something changed and FD decided - as they used the words themselves in the Dev support tickets, to remove that story.

This happens in game development.
Sure. Happened to me with my beloved SWG. However, why then leave the CODEX entry ? That's either sloppy or cruel or....purposeful ( because 'Raxxla' still exists ) .
Rochester said:
Personally I suspect FD have done this with the expectation that the player base would not have noticed.
Then they ( 'FDev' ) were foolish in their own hubris , because any wise MMO developer should know by now that players/fans notice EVERYTHING. ( even more than QA does ) .
Rochester said:
Personally I believe FD wrote the codex as a way to explain away this blip,
hmm, interesting if that's true we may never know until what maybe 5 years from now when EliteD finally shuts down in favor of a new more modern version?
Rochester said:
Your question is valid. And that is the primary reason we asked that question to FD because to any new player who does not understand the lore (which itself is malleable) one interpretation advocates a certain path is true, over the other and is instructing players perform redundant tasks.
Again, i'm going to presume you are talking about "my" question? ( if i'm wrong, then i apologize )

So yes i agree with your point and tbh i myself am a prime example of it. Particularly what happened to me past 24 hours in this very thread. ( of going from "omg i found Dark Wheel system!!" to reading Ian's post and then thinking "ugh i found nothing" lol )
Rochester said:
I think the codex text is written intelligently because FD know their player base is rather informed,
Well but that ^ statement you just typed that i quoted seems to contradict the other statement 3 quotes above ^^^ which you also began with the word "Personally" , does it not? FDev can't both be oblivious AND intelligent at the same time, can they? Either they assumed playerbase wouldn't notice or they assumed they would. There's no in between there. ( Unless maybe it was 2 different FDev teams? )
Louis Calvert said:
Try to remember that a lot that we take for granted now either wasn't in anyone's mind (EDSM, INARA, EDMC, Wiki, Reddit, etc.etc.) or was a totally unknown quantity (how the players would respond to/shape the game itself as time goes on, what kinds of communities would form, what things the playerbase would get hooked into, etc.).
Excellent point yep. And quite frankly , one of the main reasons why a 5-month newb like me can even get this far along so quickly is (other than my own dedication, skills, + help from pilot vets ingame) because of especially the 'Inara' site since it saves soooooooooo much wasted time.
Ian Doncaster said:
- how could anything be hidden here that wouldn't have been discovered accidentally by now anyway?
Because most casual players don't even realize what ( or if ) they've discovered?

Also because of the whole vastness fact of , even after 10 years, players have only explored " barely 1% of existing EliteD universe" and all that?