Louis Calvert
Sep 16, 2024
#34,839
I think it's worth everyone considering that - as far as we know - the Dark Wheel (any faction that we know of) had not found Raxxla as of the late 3200's. In fact, had so spectacularly failed to find Raxxla that it caused a rift in the faction controlled by the Ryder family.

I take the 'toast' in the Codex to be word-of-god regarding what the Dark Wheel know about Raxxla, I have assumed (but there's no info either way) that the 'toast' contains all the info the Dark Wheel knew historically about Raxxla, and that it forms the basis of "the Quest" as undertaken by the early Dark Wheel.

Obviously (anyone that's read my thread) knows I'm certain that The Toast of the Dark Wheel points to the centre of the Galaxy and the Landscape Signal.

Before FSD exploration was incredibly hard, took a long time, and was dangerous. The Dynasty missions were incredibly well funded missions pushing deeper into the galaxy than any/most had ever gone, real final frontier stuff. None of these missions travelled much further than half the distance needed to reach the centre of the galaxy - and they were operating at the very peak of pre-FSD tech (circa 3270s). Some of the missions apparently did return, but many of them were lost along the way.

Prior to that we know now of Azimuth/Pharmasapien missions using Quirium drives circa 3110 that also went into the galaxy to find alien stuff - but they didn't even travel more than about 10% of the distance needed to reach the centre of the galaxy - and again, they were immensely well funded corporate missions.

Imagine (in the narrative of the game), detecting a signal or hearing a psychic pull or whatever way it manifests to somewhere in the bulk of the Milky way, knowing that something is out there in that direction, but lacking the ability to figure out where. If you consider the Landscape Signal to be the in-game representation of that, consider that it took a lot of people a long time using FSD to triangulate the soure of the signal by creating a very wide baseline across the galaxy (read about it on the thread, and download the report they made, it's excellent) - that simply was almost impossible before FSD, certainly not by a single person, even a small well-funded group would have trouble with that.

Edit: Weird posting issue: I also would mention the Dredger Clans. We know they travel outside the bubble and have developed the technology to maintain their ships for generations. We have some evidence to suggest some of them have travelled quite far. I personally think the Scriveners Clan are a candidate for Raxxla-discoverers too since they seek knowledge, and the logo on their ship is a hexagram.

But... here's the complex part. In the lore we know that Omphalos Infotech Universal Infotech, which became Universal Cartographics, who controls and deploys Galmap and the Discovery Scanner system on PF ships, collected data from FTL probes to create Galmap. Therefore, if anyone is hiding Raxxla, it's them. It's possible that the people that run UC are some old part of the Dark Wheel too...
Last edited: Sep 16, 2024
Reactions:
Cmdr Walt71, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Ian Doncaster and 1 other person