Louis Calvert
Sep 16, 2024
#34,831
We keep going around and around (lol) with this but we're outright told the answer in the lore, both in the Codex and in the novel Premonition.

The Shinrarta Dark Wheel is not really a "fake", exactly... read the actual source text below:


"“Shinrarta Dezhra?’ The woman laughed, her scorn plain to hear. ‘You think the Dark Wheel advertises on a station board in plain sight? That we need rookie pilots to drag a couple of tonnes of thrumpberry flavouring across to Hutton Orbital? A trivial ploy to keep the Founders off our backs.’

‘I’m gratified to hear it,’ Thorn replied. ‘You had me worried for a moment.’

‘It was a little too obvious,’ Lestenio agreed.

‘It keeps the treasure seekers and wishful thinkers occupied,’ the woman said. ‘They believe they are onto something. They have their uses for occasional menial activities. The truth is far more subtle than they will ever suspect. Shinrarta is merely a front.’

‘So …?’

‘You should not consider the Dark Wheel a single organisation, gentlemen. How could it survive for so long if it were? The Wheel has many levels, many hubs, cogs, gears and spokes. It is more akin to an affiliation of organisations that share certain common goals. Interlocking in purpose. Consider yourselves now spinning on the outermost rim.”"

Excerpt From
Elite Dangerous: Premonition


Drew Wagar (the author of Premonition) has repeatedly stated in his (many) livestreams over many years that he was outright given the above info by Fdev themselves, hence why he wrote it into his book.

So to be clear, the Shinrarta Dark Wheel it's not "the real Dark Wheel" ... but it is a real Dark Wheel in that it exists to literally do what it's been doing all these years, distract folks who want to find the 'true' Dark Wheel, it's allowed to function by other parts of the Dark Wheel because it's doing a good job, and therefore, it sort of is a real Dark Wheel faction, just not part of any "inner secrets".

Again we're outright told here (and we've seen in And Here The Wheel too) that the Dark Wheel isn't a single group, it's split at least once (more likely hundreds of times). There probably isn't even a 'real' Dark Wheel to find, there's probably a lot of folks who think they are in the "Real" Dark wheel and they might even claim the others are fakes...

If the supposed station is real, then it's likely that whoever controls that will be at least some inner part of a Dark Wheel faction.

But consider what we know from And Here The Wheel: The Ryders took over running the (or more likely a faction of the) Dark Wheel, and eventually even that splintered into two factions, one went to find Soontil, the other kept looking for Raxxla. We know at least those factions are out there still, or versions of them - and at least one of those factions didn't even call themselves The Dark Wheel.

So in short: There's lots of "Dark Wheel" factions, maybe hundreds of them (the player factions are likely candidates for this too). I still maintain that we (players seeking out mystery) are supposed to be the "Real" Dark Wheel at this point (or factions thereof), that fits with Fdevs intention of making the galaxy player-driven (more or less), and without any specific 'story driven' campaign style gameplay.
Reactions:
Han_Zen, Darrack and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian