Vetinari
V
Apr 11, 2021
#22,850
Jorki Rasalas said:
Oh and @Vetinari et al, please post a link here if a new thread has been set up to explore a puzzle. Missed out on this puzzle because I didn’t know the Adamastor Update thread had been set up
My bad I thought someone had linked it, just checked and youre right, nobody did.
Jorki Rasalas said:
Yes, that was a major reveal. They hid one of the LPs so well that nobody spotted it. Someone apparently had been in that system and mapped a planet but had not spotted it. I wonder if it was “stealthed” like TDW station (& Raxxla perhaps??) so only detectable if very close?

Well reading between the lines....Frontier told Canonn on Discord it was in an asteroid belt....in fact there was a lot of Comms between Frontier CM and Canonn on their Discord group that we never heard about here on the forums.....even though we did ask the questions. At least 2 Cmdrs on the Hesperus search thread had visited that system, think one of them mapped as well or said they FSSd everything, something more than honk n scoop anyway.

Galnet Update 08.04.3307 - Adamastor Update
Ok, i certanly miss something, but i don't understrand where exactly are we supposed to go to have our reward
forums.frontier.co.uk

Jorki Rasalas said:
FD FEEDBACK: I don’t have time IRL to watch weekly hour long live-streams; FD PLEASE follow up live-streams with a précis forum post in (https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/livestream-announcement-thread.517121/) your livestream announcement thread!

Yeah gl with that, you need to go on Canonn Discord to get a Frontier CM attention. I half-joked about it on Friday in a post here. Not laughing any more.

I tried to submit a private Support Ticket to complain, but couldnt work out their darn Ticket system and it kept throwing me around to the FAQ, so I started a public Bug Report. Link here if you want to add anything. At least hopefully someone will will read it.

https://issues.frontierstore.net/issue-detail/27839
Reactions:
clavain, Rochester and SergMx