Jorki Rasalas
Apr 11, 2021
#22,847
Thatchinho said:
While they could arguably have just got the destination directly in Chukchan, there’s lots of crew on a megaship, and people talk. Keeping the actual destination secret from the crew until part way into the journey makes a lot of sense - it’s to ensure the actual destination doesn’t get somehow leaked.

That makes perfect sense to me.

And going in the BL direction initially means that anyone who gets the initial flight plan will think the ship is heading to a destination in that direction, and won’t think it’s going to the Coalsack. I think that’s getting very well demonstrated by the fact that people are convinced that the Adamastor was going to something in the BL direction. The deception demonstrably worked.


The secret base stuff is just a conclusion loads of people jumped to.

What was said in the logs from the Coalsack site was that Carver had been told that the Adamastor was going to transport them to a secure facility.

There was never anything to say the secure facility in Chukchan, that was just an assumption.

Even if the secure facility was somewhere else, that’s then to do with where the Adamastor was going after the Coalsack, not before.

And there’s nothing to say that if there was a secret secure facility at the point that it would still be round in a discoverable form now.


It’s probably best to bear in mind with all this that it was basically a new team doing it, it was their first puzzle event, and was new to a lot of them, and really the best way to consider it is as a pilot event.
Click to expand...
You’re right, assumptions were made and they misled me.

I don’t accept your explanation based on need for mission secrecy. In submarine missions the Captain gets sealed orders, he opens them after sailing, nobody else knows until he tells the XO and Navigator, they tell nobody, the navigation table is hidden from view. However the Hesperus part of the puzzle has given me a sensible explanation- both Hesperus and Adamastor were actually tasked with deploying LP. After deploying the LP in Synuefe XE-Y c17-7 Adamastor received her diversion order from that LP. Makes perfect sense! The problem and solution then have logical consistency. Still a bit unsure about the return journey to HIP 69200 which seemed to depart from the straight line route to Chukchan (yes, the “secure facility” threw me but it makes sense for it to be at the home of Azimuth Biochemicals), but accept that could be down to the hyperdrive acting up due to the presence onboard of a UA, or even by sabotage since there is some possibility of that from the Site 23B and Adamastor logs.

I have enjoyed this puzzle, although I came to it late and missed important information. I’m glad FD are trying to improve the puzzles, and happy to accept that a new team attempting that can make mistakes. But to be able to correct mistakes they need feedback about what is working and what isn’t. I may have sounded grumpy with some of my posts, but don’t men to be.

FD FEEDBACK: I don’t have time IRL to watch weekly hour long live-streams; FD PLEASE follow up live-streams with a précis forum post in (https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/livestream-announcement-thread.517121/) your livestream announcement thread! And Canonn’s Discord is NOT the right place to be monitoring and giving feedback; Canonn are just one player group and not everyone is a member of Canonn. FD YOU NEED TO SET UP YOUR OWN ED DISCORD CHANNEL!! It would be the ideal place for us to ask questions (you don’t need to answer!), solve puzzles where you could monitor what’s happening (you would probably find it mightily amusing!)

Oh and @Vetinari et al, please post a link here if a new thread has been set up to explore a puzzle. Missed out on this puzzle because I didn’t know the Adamastor Update thread had been set up (I’ve been very busy IRL recently so less time to browse). Enjoyed reading through their posts last night though. I don’t understand cryptography and I’m not much of a mathematician but it was interesting to follow the reasoning.

There is a reason behind my ranting on about this. In this thread we’re trying to solve what may be the biggest puzzle there is in ED. So the logical correctness of puzzles is extremely important. We enjoy theorising about possible solutions to Raxxla and it’s location based on the few scraps of information we have. It’s what makes this thread fun, plus the light-hearted banter. If Raxxla has been inserted in-game in a location Independent from and entirely without relevance to the few clues we have available then it would be grossly unsatisfactory. It would be like reading a murder thriller and then finding on the last page that it was committed by someone who has not appeared in the rest of the book and for no relevant reason.

This is my favourite thread too; I view it as the spiritual successor to the old Canonn threads (e.g. UA Mystery threads) where the cameraderie exhibited was amazing, as it is here. We help each other out, we gently throw eggs if we see something obviously wrong, but it is never with antagonism or ill-feeling or aggression (those I block). We treat trolls and weird ideas reasonably politely (though I’ve seen a couple of posters where I questioned their mental stability and wished there was a feedback route to raise questions and get them medical help).

I’ll get off my soap box, but keep up the fun guys!
Last edited: Apr 11, 2021
Reactions:
Tibercov83, RaNaketh, simulacrae and 6 others