SergMx
Apr 11, 2021
#22,849
Jorki Rasalas said:
You’re right, assumptions were made and they misled me.

I don’t accept your explanation based on need for mission secrecy. In submarine missions the Captain gets sealed orders, he opens them after sailing, nobody else knows until he tells the XO and Navigator, they tell nobody, the navigation table is hidden from view. However the Hesperus part of the puzzle has given me a sensible explanation- both Hesperus and Adamastor were actually tasked with deploying LP. After deploying the LP in Synuefe XE-Y c17-7 Adamastor received her diversion order from that LP. Makes perfect sense! The problem and solution then have logical consistency. Still a bit unsure about the return journey to HIP 69200 which seemed to depart from the straight line route to Chukchan (yes, the “secure facility” threw me but it makes sense for it to be at the home of Azimuth Biochemicals), but accept that could be down to the hyperdrive acting up due to the presence onboard of a UA, or even by sabotage since there is some possibility of that from the Site 23B and Adamastor logs.

I have enjoyed this puzzle, although I came to it late and missed important information. I’m glad FD are trying to improve the puzzles, and happy to accept that a new team attempting that can make mistakes. But to be able to correct mistakes they need feedback about what is working and what isn’t. I may have sounded grumpy with some of my posts, but don’t men to be.

FD FEEDBACK: I don’t have time IRL to watch weekly hour long live-streams; FD PLEASE follow up live-streams with a précis forum post in () your livestream announcement thread! And Canonn’s Discord is NOT the right place to be monitoring and giving feedback; Canonn are just one player group and not everyone is a member of Canonn. FD YOU NEED TO SET UP YOUR OWN ED DISCORD CHANNEL!! It would be the ideal place for us to ask questions (you don’t need to answer!), solve puzzles where you could monitor what’s happening (you would probably find it mightily amusing!)

Oh and et al, please post a link here if a new thread has been set up to explore a puzzle. Missed out on this puzzle because I didn’t know the Adamastor Update thread had been set up (I’ve been very busy IRL recently so less time to browse). Enjoyed reading through their posts last night though. I don’t understand cryptography and I’m not much of a mathematician but it was interesting to follow the reasoning.

There is a reason behind my ranting on about this. In this thread we’re trying to solve what may be biggest puzzle there is in ED. So the logical correctness of puzzles is extremely important. We enjoy theorising about possible solutions to Raxxla and it’s location based on the few scraps of information we have. It’s what makes this thread fun, plus the light-hearted banter. If Raxxla has been inserted in-game in a location Independent from and entirely without relevance to the few clues we have available then it would be grossly unsatisfactory. It would be like reading a murder thriller and then finding on the last page that it was committed by someone who has not appeared in the rest of the book and for no relevant reason.

This is my favourite thread too; I view it as the spiritual successor to the old Canonn threads (e.g. UA Mystery threads) where the cameraderie exhibited was amazing, as it is here. We help each other out, we gently throw eggs if we see something obviously wrong, but it is never with antagonism or ill-feeling or aggression (those I block). We treat trolls and weird ideas reasonably politely (though I’ve seen a couple of posters where I questioned their mental stability and wished there was a feedback route to raise questions and get them medical help).

I’ll get off my soap box, but keep up the fun guys!
Click to expand...
They have a channel it's called GALNET, anything out of play should not be used.
It's a mystery to me why something from there doesn't get into the codex rumors.
Reactions:
TrillClinton, simulacrae, Exekrator and 2 others