clavain
Sep 4, 2019
#11,836
The skittering of insectile legs on icy blue marble came to an abrupt halt with a crunch and squelch, as a long,armoured appendage lashed out from the throne, blindingly fast, and crushed a Tharglet between its claws in an instant. After licking the dripping remains and discarding the shell of the creature with a quick toss over its shoulder, the Thargoid Ambassador's antennae trembled violently, dark ichor from its snack running down its thoraxic armour. "MORE WINE!! And none of that Klaxian swill!"

Deep in the frigid marbled hallways the Second Secretary of the Thargoid Embassy to Humanity (Planet Quy, Quiness system) rolled its compound eyes and quietly breathed something that might have been perceived as a sigh, if insects could sigh. "Of course my Liege, coming", it responded respectfully, quickly scrabbling out of the outer office with a bottle of Oresrian red in two of its six mandibles. "Has my Great Quivering Overlord come to a decision as to the release of The Secret to the Humans?" he asked, as he poured wine into the large glass on the side table by the throne, both pieces of furniture and the floor seemingly inspired to resemble species of fish and the ice of the planet Merlin.

"Bah!" spat the Ambassador after a long swill from the glass, droplets of wine splattering the ice blue marble floors like blood. "These humans couldn't find us, let alone the Formidine Rift, there is no way on what will remain of Earth when the Klaxians are done with them that they will ever be able to find Raxxla on their own. We will have to release The Secret to them soon."

The Second Secretary looked thoughtful, or at least as thoughtful as an insectile aide could. "But my Gore-covered Horrific Majesty, if we tell them where it is, whatever will they do then? So many of them have devoted so many years to this exercise that its revelation might surely be underwhelming? Perhaps we should wait until Year 10 of The Plan?" As he uttered the words the Thargoid assistant deftly ducked the sharp blow to its head which it knew they would incur.

"The Plan! The Plan! Year 10! Season Six! Episode 13! Part 2! I am so sick of that damnable Club and their Plan and their ever-changing description of it, let alone their rewriting of its history on a near annual basis. I feel like we should just reveal the coordinates and let Randomus Factoria sort out the damnable Plan!" Knocking his empty glass onto the floor where it shattered into fragments not dissimilar from the remains of several Tharglets scattered around the throne, the Ambassador grabbed the bottle of wine and begin to drink directly from it, inhaling the complete contents of the bottle in one go.

"We were supposed to be part of the story. They were supposed to find us, and ally with us to stop the Klaxians and defeat the descendants of INRA. Or at least find our old bases and use our technology to do so. Soontill and CEIP all that. Or at least figure out what was at Polaris, and what it all meant. Now I don't know what I'm supposed to do, and whether any of this is even meaningful! And our agency has been denied to us by all of these Galnet news changes! Without Thargoid players in game to create meaningful events, it's hopeless! And all the damnable Klaxians want to do is kill things! This is a fate worse than what befell Cassiopeia A!" The Ambassador continued to grumble between swilling back large quantities of Oresrian Red.

The long-suffering diplomat at his side realized where the ever-recurring melancholy discussion was going, and decided to cut it off at the first joint of the hind leg. Gently easing the last empty wine bottle from the grasp of the Ambassador, he adjusted his sycophantic tone appropriately. "Perhaps, sir, if I may grovel to suggest it to your Unbreakable One, it is near time for your health-mandated VR simulation of ice fishing. You know how that helps you relax and assist in such decisions. Perhaps by the time you have hooked a few of those ice-whales, The Club will be in touch again with appropriate directions for our forces and the release of the Raxxla secret."

The many-beady eyes of the Ambassador slowly and glazedly focused on its assistant. "Yes, yes, that sounds fine. Bring the simulation temperature down a few more notches this time, it was a bit too warm yesterday for Merlin. And increase the ammonia percentage, how many times do I have to remind you of that!. The Secret is all we have left. It is our last great hope. Without it we are nothing. We must hold onto the coordinates until the bitter end. Fetch my fishing ensemble, we have work to do! And make sure the Klaxians keep the humans occupied! We don't want them getting too close to Raxxla quite yet. Now that the Rift is pointless and that horrible woman with her endless speeches and cult-following is finally gone, we need to think of something else for those damnable explorers that don't want to pew-pew to do in the meantime."
Last edited: Sep 4, 2019
Reactions:
PeteACarter, Han_Zen, Six6VI and 7 others