Emperor
Sep 10, 2020
#18,783
Jorki Rasalas said:
Mmm, no I can’t buy into this book. I think if Greek mythology is the key then we have to go back to the original sources, not a recent interpretation of what the author thinks is symbolically relevant.

Good luck with going back to the original... it's spawned a thousand translations and interpretations over the years most of it conflicting one way or another!

I find this book interesting (not saying it's anymore correct than any other hypothesis!) as it gives some references to stars and constellations and I take their interpretation with a big a pinch of salt as I do with any other... If I take note of something from a particular author I then look to see if there are any other similar references and how commonly something is proposed and whether it might have some Elite reference. Some items like the theory on Penelope, I believe to be unique so far and merely logged away as a possibility (If there is an in game system reference I visit the system do a full scan, note anything of interest and move on), Alcyone is pretty unusual for Thargoid activity in my opinion and I am currently wondering why and does it have any relevance.... other's I've visited recently have no unusual behaviour that immediately stands out.

I was merely pointing out some items that may warrant further thought or going back and assessing what I was looking at personally, as with all this we can all have our own preferred tinfoiled observations. I'll keep putting them up for you and everyone to take as you/they wish

"Someone pointed out that Odysseus met his mother Anticlea (in-game) in the Underworld; however then the “clue” should read “Grieving Parent”. Instead “Parent’s Grief” implies the source of the grief; the only satisfactory solution for that is “death of a child”, but can’t find a corresponding solution in myth/Odyssey." - Yes that was me when you had issues with your ennui ;-)

When you say "the only satisfactory solution for that is “death of a child”" as in Anticlea grieving for the possibly death of her son who goes off fighting for 10 years and is not heard of for another 10 years, with the family left believing he may be dead? and I fear logic and grammar may not be the ultimate guide to poetic license....

just a thought!
Reactions:
PeteACarter and Jorki Rasalas