Vetinari
V
Sep 10, 2020
#18,781
RaNaketh said:
As just posted I retrieved this from an installation, but couldn't see how I could utilise it

yeah usual flavour text, the inbox message will disappear on relog, implies to me its nothing more than flavour. Very interested to read Zulu actually meant something at all. Makes me think all the others do as well, have a basis in RL, and seemingly often in Shipping or British Navy.

Jorki Rasalas said:
Instead “Parent’s Grief” implies the source of the grief; the only satisfactory solution for that is “death of a child”

Widen it to 'loss' of a child. Might have lost a child to a cult, to an adventure, to an addiction (fernweh), not brilliant examples but....

Jorki Rasalas said:
Similarly “Lover’s Woe” should be abandonment/separation/broken heart/heartache

Yes, and the 2 could be the same reason.

Han_Zen said:
There is always the slim chance that someone stumbles across a book that is the real 'Princess Astrophel and the spiralling stars', but I'm not sure there is one at all.

I had a theory its either contained in one of the novels/novellas published with the game or its just flavour to acknowledged and dismiss this old myth in place of the retconned one. Seemingly the latter from the Codex.

Jorki Rasalas said:
Though I disagree on the date. I think it’s relevant, otherwise why put it in.

I think t just gives a 'long history' or 'mythological status' to the myth of Raxxla. ie its not new its ancient

Jorki Rasalas said:
but if so I don’t like it! It would be very bad English grammar!!!

Agreed, but wouldnt be the first time. Cant see it however, the entrire thing would be wrong not just one word or sentence. Agree with you.

Han_Zen said:
I think the date is relevant because of the Mars relic, that was found in the 2280s.
I suspect it contains some sort of info about Raxxla and leaked info lead to the start of the myth.
yelboc said:
Thus we'd know about it even if no - one had ever been there..

I think its something like this if not this exactly. Some signal or info that mentions Raxxla but we never actually found it, just this hint of it.

Jorki Rasalas said:
Location: Altais 2 B, Coordinates: 46.9085° 1.8115°; may have been a big now fixed. Never visited it to see.

941 Pages and you mention this now! Jorki! What else does everyone assume we know that some of us have no idea about if we only been playing year or two? Where was the source can you remember? GalNet? Going to check this out asap. This is exactly the sort of thing I'm looking for as the 'source' of the myth of Raxxla.
Reactions:
RaNaketh, PeteACarter, Jorki Rasalas and 3 others