Jorki Rasalas
Dec 24, 2018
#4,745
CMDR Hagglebeard said:
1) That's plain wrong. Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars is a DEFINITE reference to a real-world set of sonnets, and the clues found there have led us from Zeta Cassiopeiae, to NGC 7822, to Heart and Soul. There is absolutely clues and a path. I think by clues, they meant easy help from the devs in case we fail, pick-me-ups, freebies, etc.

5) if you read the Raxxla Codex article, it says "...The earliest documented stories tend to agree on several points, however: that Raxxla is a definite place, and that it holds a mythical secret."

I'm taking everything in the Codex to be law. I just don't have enough to go on, otherwise, and our search has borne fruit.

7) I also believe Raxxla is within close range of the Bubble, but I don't think all of the clues to it have to be in the bubble as well.

8) We have the Omphalos Rift, Delphi, Cassiopeia/Andromeda so far, and we've used those hints to get us to where we are so far. There are a lot of possible leads to investigate, even now. Greek mythology is huge, but we need only to investigate those parts of it which have some link to Raxxla, such as the more obvious "Mother of Galaxies" (Cassiopeiae).

Sorry man, I totally disagree with you. Read from page 303, CMDR Guru's comment. He's kicking with it, I'm just trying to begin where he's left off.

Point of Order!
Yes, there is a Codex reference to a set of sonnets, but the name in the Codex is slightly different from the real set of sonnets. Anything beyond that is hypothetical. You are assuming the sonnets contain a set of clues and interpreting them, this does not prove they do contain clues, nor that the interpretations are correct. You may be correct, you may not. There is plenty of room in this thread for other interpretations.

edit: not getting at you personally; I also think there are clues in the Astrophil sonnets, just I have a very different interpretation.
Last edited: Dec 24, 2018
Reactions:
Han_Zen, CMDR Hagglebeard, Crimson Echo and 1 other person