Jorki Rasalas
Dec 24, 2018
#4,744
RadicalxEdward said:
I think we might need to take a small step back here and look at this from the basics.

1. I don’t think there’s going to be literal clues to specific systems like analyzing sonnets or converting letters to numbers, etc. they specifically said there wouldn’t be clues. Besides, player groups like cannon that use visual spectrum analyzers on unknown probes would have found stuff like that long ago. Though this could mean there won’t be additional clues, as in everything needed is already in game. (I sure hope they wouldn’t rely too much on obsolete books and whatnot, but frontier loves making people rely on out of game resources)

2. there’s no point actually putting it in the game if it’s not ever supposed to be found. And without some sign saying “Raxxla” or some indication of a gateway it’s not likely to be found if you can’t actually tell it’s the right place.

3. FD also said “we know WHERE it is.” Not “we know HOW to find it.” Implying it is in a specific location.

4. Based on how old those statements are, it must have been put into the game before any mechanic for moving things relatively automatically like megaships.

5. Whenever it’s referred to literally it’s referred to as a planet. So metaphorical places (ie it’s a journey, state of mind, etc) are less likely.

6. The new discovery tools should be a massive help. I’m at the zurara right now and noticed the human signal doesn’t pop up until you’re within 2-3 ls of the ship but does show up (even outside 1000ls) with the FSS. So anything reasonably recognizable should be much easier to find now that we don’t have to scour planets with our eyes inch by inch to find stuff.

7. When people were finding megaships every other day one of the ways they did it was by determining how far they could get with sub-light engines, so FD does take that sort of thing into account sometimes, and since there are stories going way back of people figuring out where Raxxla is before going back to the bubble and planning to go back, it must be reasonably close (ie, not on the opposite side of the galaxy) although the zurara itself seems further out than it should have been able to get.

8. Last but not least, FD or DB at least seems to have a fascination with Greek mythology. That’s a super broad topic, so while that might be an influence here, it’s next to impossible to work from the mythology to the game. We really have to go from the game to the mythology, which requires a clue, which we likely won’t get. So there’s not much point going in that direction either.

It’s probably more helpful to try and focus on the basics rather than assume every word in the game is a subtle clue. At least that’s what I’m trying to do.

Repped for well thought out & presented discussion, although your comment about the siting of Zurara doesn’t hang together as she (& the other Dynasty ships) had ftl drives, although probbaly lower range than current drives- the logs talk about lights in Witchspace.

Moreover can we please keep FRift and Zurara-related posts in the Alien archeology thread since that is the spritual succesor to the Formidine Rift thread. Posting them here just adds to the Raxxla Quest confusion.
Last edited: Dec 24, 2018