Midian Cabal
Apr 24, 2019
#7,726
Cunder said:
Well I recall certain aspect of lore that talk about Thargoids to put fear in children based on "myth" I can't recall where I read this I'll have to look it up.

‘The story goes Mic was searching for a supposed alien race called the Thargoids, but disappeared without trace. There’s a monument to him on Argent’s Claim, I think. It’s one of those stories that has grown in the telling, like the Thargoids. It’s all rumours and hearsay …’
She saw him raise his eyebrows.
‘It’s not hearsay?’ she asked, feeling her stomach contract in a mixture of alarm and excitement.
Edmund licked his lips. ‘Mic Turner,’ Edmund said, ‘had an interesting life. Have you ever heard of INRA?’
The Intergalactic Naval Reserve Arm?
Tsu tried to recall her history. They had been a clandestine group, operating beyond Federal, Imperial or Alliance jurisdiction, perhaps even above them. Ancient history now, though.
‘I’ve heard them mentioned in the records, there’s doubt as to whether they were real or not, however.’
‘Oh, they were real all right,’ Edmund said.
‘And the Thargoids?’ Tsu asked, not sure she wanted to hear the answer.

‘Evidence suggests that they’re real too, though no one has seen any sign of them for over a hundred and seventy years.’
Tsu swallowed.
‘Much of the whole story is true,’ Edmund explained. ‘Intelligence reports suggest that INRA developed a bioweapon and used it against the Thargoids way back in the past – perhaps we wiped them out. Mic Turner went looking for the Thargoids a hundred years later. He may have found them, we’ll never know. It’s more likely that Mic found out something about what INRA did back then and got killed for it. INRA was disbanded shortly afterwards.’
Tsu’s head was spinning.
‘But what has this got to do with the Engineers?’ Edmund leant forward.
‘One of the Engineers is a chap by the name of Bill Turner.’

‘He operates locally,’ Edmund continued, ‘Alioth 4a. Specialises in drive thrusters and speed upgrades. Oh, we’ve checked him out dozens of times; spot audits, unannounced inspections, he always comes up legit. Always pays his taxes, records all straight and even.’ ‘That I didn’t know. And you think he’s suspiciously clean?’
‘Squeaky.’
‘He’s a relation to the other Turners?’
‘He has claimed to be an illegitimate son in the past. Whether that’s true or not we don’t know. We’ve got no precedent to bring him in for questioning, and if we did, we’d likely blow our only line of investigation.’
Click to expand...
Wagar, Drew. Elite Dangerous: Premonition (pp. 84-85). Frontier Developments plc. Kindle Edition.