D7
D
Oct 31, 2024
#35,176
Rochester said:
Well that’s mostly due to the Church and the Popes perception of events, and American consumerism of their multiculturalism.

There are several interpretations, but generally on that day it was a herald of the coming of Winter, where the community would bring in their livestock to avoid the cold, stock up and share food.

The kings of old would have held feasts, people got drunk and generally it was a time to celebrate life, not death.

The perception of danger was potentially due to perception filtering, because people were far more connected to nature back then. So sex and death were not seen in negative aspects. Customs were not written down and conversion to Christianity was, relatively swift, brutal and involved the Roman tradition of domination through cultural and political appropriation. So most if not all traditions were lost to time, with only the Christian historians to write their observations. So in the absence of information, the negative aspects may have held more interest.

The barrier between the Otherworld was understood to go both ways, so the living were equally at risk of accidentally wandering over, getting lost and coming back 200 years later, or getting blind drunk with some dead warriors loitering about the moors, or being abducted by mysterious, beautiful females from another dimension!

Click to expand...

You have a bazaar recollection of history then. Is it just to use this post to hate on Christianity? The Roman conquest of Britain was a conquest of the island of Britain, which was inhabited by the Celtic Britons. That adventure started in AD 43 (about 10 years after Christ allowed them to crucify him for Gods purposes) under Claudius (a roman emperor) and lasted to around 75 AD for Wales and maybe 85 AD for total completion of the adventure. These Romans were certainly not Christian in any sense and in fact were continuing to suppress them.

November 1 marked the beginning of a new year and the coming of winter for the Celts. The night before the new year (on October 31st), they celebrated the festival of Samhain, Lord of the Dead. During this festival, Celts believed the souls of the dead, including ghosts, goblins and witches, returned to mingle with the living. In order to scare away the evil spirits, people would wear masks and light bonfires. When the pagan Roman military conquered the Celts they took on and enhanced some of these rituals with traditions still copied to today.
Christianity had nothing to do with this at that time nor for the next 800 years of human history.

In 835, Pope Gregory IV, who had knack for moving around the Church's calendar events, moved the date for celebrating the death of Christian martyrs from May 13 to November 1 (not Oct 31st). Note that was a move of almost 6 months, but this Catholic celebration had already preexisted. The change was because the Church wanted (and still wants) to remind the world of the truths of Christian faith of life and the after life relative to pagan rituals. It's called proclaiming the gospel. It was set on the day that reminds us of the coming of winter. October 31st (Halloween) is not and has not ever been celebrated by the Catholic Church. The Church celebrates all saints day (Nov 1) and All souls day (Nov 2).

The move was not to the same day of the Celtic tradition, but to the following day to present a contrast or alternative. Your statement "conversion to Christianity was, relatively swift, brutal and involved the Roman tradition of domination through cultural and political appropriation" is just full of harmful and false rhetoric and this forum is not the place for that.