Jorki Rasalas
Mar 15, 2019
#6,700
publicstaticvoid said:
Ive read, reread and read again Astrophil and Stella. I have come to the conclusion Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars needs to be revisited as a clue for the following reasons:

A) Astrophil is a dude so while he could be a princess in 2019 that wasnt possible back in the 1500s.

B)Astrophel is misspelled

C)The book name is 'Astrophil and Stella' not 'Astrophel and the spiralling stars'

D) Stella is singular and spiralling Stars is plural.

In order for there to be an actual connect between this line and the book you have to explain away these inconsistencies and to be honest thats going to be difficult.

I think the clue here is the simplest interpretation of this line

Princess ________ (A star lover) and the spiralling stars.

Princess Astronomers are out there, such as:

Princess Charlotte of Saxe-Meiningen

Alternatively it could be referencing an actual childs book about an astronomer princess.


-Void
Click to expand...

I think there are significant problems with the hypothesis that Philip Sidney's “Astrophil and Stella” sonnets relates to “Princess Astrophel and Spiralling Stars” in the Codex reference.

I suspect this “clue” has been overthought & wondered about the etymology. “Phil” as either a prefix or suffix implies having an attraction or affinity ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/-phil-), while “astro” means “relating to stars or celestial objects”. So “Astrophil” means having an attraction to stars &/or celestial objects. I think the “spiralling stars” is relevant. “Phel” is uncommon in English, but might derive from the Celtic, meaning “beauty”, which could imply “beautiful star”. Omphalos means the centre or hub of something, & refers to a hollow conical stone regarded by the ancient greeks as being the centre of things. So the Omphalos Rift (“described as a gateway or tunnel through which a parallel universe can be accessed”, which ties in with the Raxxla lore as a gateway to other universes) is a Rift related to something conical. It all sounds to me reminiscent of a Black Hole, which may have stars spiralling around it, the cone is the matter spiralling & falling into the event horizon. There is a theory that a Black Hole in one universe may be a White Hole in another and so the BH represents a Rift. Black Holes have, I believe, been in-game from the outset.

so I am pondering the hypothesis that Raxxla is a black hole that could transport a ship to another universe, though this might be a one-way trip, or the parallel universe might be very limited in scope. So that might be what Raxxla is, don’t have a clue where it is...