Old Duck
Mar 15, 2019
#6,694
Xaintly said:
Summary document updated up to post #6686 in this thread and #88 in Codex Picture thread.

CMDR Old Duck and CMDR Dr. Nagi, you may be interested to read this since it contains most of what people have already speculated about (Polaris, Triple Elite required, Dark Wheel faction, etc).

Thank you! This is exactly the kind of thing (based on description, I haven't gone there yet) I was looking for.

Garand1987 said:
If anyone is interested to join, I’m gonna intensify my search for TDW system within 100ly of Sol. It’s a lot of systems to cover by me onsies but I have, what I think, is good reason to do so.
As mentioned before our current FSD tech is quite new, only coming into use around 3300. MB said in an interview with truthsayer that before this they were using ion drives etc to move about, so travel was quite limited distance wise from sol.
Furthermore, it struck me that the empire, back in the 2400’s moved to Achenar (140ly from sol) in an attempt to get away from the federation, figuring that would be more than far enough. So this gives us two things. A distance that at that time was considered to be quite far from the then bubble AND since they moved that also gives us abandoned star ports, which sounds awful familiar. So if 140ly was considered far from the bubble at the time I think it would be safe to say looking for an abandoned empire starport, now inhabited by TDW, within 100ly of sol is generous.

Hey, that's what I'm doing

I'm starting at Sol and just visiting all the various systems around it with the purpose of scanning all the various unregistered beacons, crashed ships, tourist beacons, whatever, along with the 8th moon of any unnamed gas giant, just to see what there is to see. If nothing else, it'll be a fun road trip. Perhaps that's part of the personal journey - we have to scan all these clues ourselves IN THE GAME instead just reading it second-hand via the forums, and then TDW will contact us.

Speaking of TDW, I realized pretty quickly that I'm going to be "bending" the law and encountering less-than-friendly forces during this little jaunt, so my explorer Dolphin won't do. I whipped up an "exploration" Vulture with some thick skin and teeth, called her "The Dark Wheel" with TDW as the callsign, just for fun (supposedly impersonating them gets their attention). Sadly I'm stuck in Solo on PS4, so we probably won't cross paths, but we can compare notes!
Last edited: Mar 15, 2019