Edelgard von Rhein
E
Dec 20, 2023
#32,665
Memory is so fallible! I remember that at Wizards of the Coast, the now Head Designer for Magic: the Gathering, Mark Rosewater, once did a demonstration of it by making a Magic: the Gathering blog post talking about a past blog post that he knew he had never made at the time and people responded with things like 'Oh, yeah, I remember that'. He even went into some depth (I forget the details, appropriately!) that meant people who wanted to look up an article of the name he gave would find something, so that he would only be found out by people that remembered he had not actually written said article at the time! (I think some people also did some digging and found a discrepancy in the web page naming that showed an anomalous sequence as the new pages did not overwrite actual articles written around the date). (In his next blog post he explained what he had done.)

We have no capability to confirm or refute anything said off-camera at any social events, so I do not see that it will help to add any more layers to our speculations.

Back to actual searching:
I visited Bohmshohm, where the mountain-themed moon Kaliash has a very unusually-named station orbiting it: Putzi Opk's Haven. The system description says that it is the home of Low Profile Workshops, whose motto is 'Blending in is a statement'. I docked but found nothing otherwise odd about the system to report. It does make me think if these system descriptions, which were in the game at launch (player-made factions seldom, if ever, have mottos iirc and are written differently), are giving hints.
Near Bohmshohm is Zephyrus, so I stopped by at the station Eyo6, which orbits Violet World. Here the system description is simply: Lensher Reclamation are based in this system. 'Finished with it? We're just starting.'
Looking around I visited a few more systems that I had not been to and then noticed Chronos, about 25 LY from Nefertem. Unlike many uninhabited systems with interesting names, this one has something in it: 8 planets and one moon (2a). It occurred to me that Chronos might be a match for the third line of The Dark Wheel toast. The parent's grief, the lover's woe and the yearning of our vagabond hearts might all be referring to time - it causes children to grow up and leave home, or the parents to die and leave children behind, tears lovers apart and yearning, vagabond hearts need time to wander and find what they are looking for. So I flew to Tiamat (possible match for line 1 of the toast), then Siren (line 2) and then Chronos, where I mapped all the bodies, and flew down to the largest crater of the moon 2a but saw nothing there. Planet 3 has bacterium and the landables all have first footfall and multiple Odyssey temporary POI. I checked all the signal sources and they were all Degraded Emission (Threat 0) - I keep an eye out for Threat 2 or 3 as they can have something interesting in (AI Relics are the rarest, though I'm not sure they are found everywhere, only ever got two, and also 'gold traps' where something valuable is amongst other containers and you get jumped by a wing of pirates as you get close).
I may hang out in Chronos a bit longer; I'll see what else occurs to me. I have a race to run starting this weekend! (Obfuscated in the Outer Rim, banner and link in my sig).
Reactions:
selbie, Emperor, Rochester and 2 others