CMDR W3L5H DR4G0N
C
Dec 21, 2023
#32,679
Hi Commanders.

Long time lurker again here.
I have been thinking for a while whether to post this but I think the time has come where I feel it's in everyone's best interest if it was out there as I do need help proving/justifying my theories.

I believe that Raxxla is a conduit. A conduit to a network of wormholes spread throughout the Milky Way. The reason none of these wormholes have been discovered is because they are hidden behind the mysterious permit locked systems spread throughout. Imagine being able to traverse from one end of the Galaxy to the other within minutes? From the Bubble to Colonia within an instance?

I also believe to find this conduit, you must assist a minor faction that knows about it. This faction has remained unnoticed throughout the whole ordeal. The Dark Wheel is just a distraction. The real faction we should focus on is The Link


Why do I think this?
Going back to the interview with Brookes about Raxxla, when he mentioned about "no clues" and said something along the lines of "You have to make some things a little obvious so that people will know what they are doing".

We have the codex which is the main source of clues but I believe there are other sources in game. One of which being the in game system descriptions. I would have scattered the clues in various ways if I were a dev, including these.
Most of these are written in a descriptive tone with a third-person perspective, providing some information. However, this one is different.....

SPOILER











Where is this?

NLTT 46621 Only 48 light years away from Sol which may appease some of the conspiracies that Raxxla is within the bubble and being known about pre FSD era.

Why am I asking for help?

As per the mysterious message on page 28 in the Elite Dangerous Manual

"All you need to know is that my organisation has a very specific remit: to seek out those who have the potential to become real movers and shakers, those precious few with the talent to mould and shape the galaxy around them, to create change on a grand scale"

I believe that there are certain elements to this game that have never been discovered because certain factions need to be either in control of their home system or expanding to other systems.

The Link, for example, has never controlled NLTT 46621. When I found them, they had only about 4% influence. I have raised this to match the current dominant faction, 'The Leaders of Eros', but I face the challenge of the BGS. This system has a population of over 4 billion and it would probably take 10-20 commanders to sway the war in their favour. Each time I try, I lose 4-0.

That's where you come in commander. I want to put the Link in charge of NLTT 46621 and help them expand. I hope they will reveal their secrets to us then. I can't do this alone.

Are you with me?
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Adel, Shadowsnog and 5 others