Rochester
Dec 7, 2023
#32,385
selbie said:
Interesting
The spelling is basically a visual literal version of Thurisaz flipping the runic ᚦ ('thurs' or 'th' sound in this case) for P. Thurs is usually symbolic of a giant, or the Jötunn
So it could have a small linkage to the codex if you consider Art Thornqvist's name used.
Do you know of any descriptions in Paradise Lost of a literal giant thorned item of some kind? or maybe a deer or horned entity? any mentions of thorned branches?


ALSO, speaking of runic parallels I just discovered the following:
Consider that in , the rune ᛞ appears twice in some bind runes - forming a double d sound ()
So could RAXXLA be a twisting of runic symbols which could sound something like RADDLA? RADDLE? (with the e having more of an 'eh' sound like you hear in scandinavian accents) so maybe
The word Raddle means to , or to . Similarly REDDLE means .
Perhaps Braben was making it literally a RIDDLE /


Like my earlier Norse investigations, Art Thornqvist could be related to a , or . Perhaps there is some linkage there with the boundary of between heaven and earth being some kind of giant thorned branch.... much like a world tree of sorts
Click to expand...
Please read Robert Holdstocks ‘Ragthorn’.

I believe that this discussion may revolve around a key aspect in this novel. The use of the Rune for Thorn to denote or highlight a secret.

In the book the author finds historical material where certain words linked to a thorn tree are scribbled around, the scribble is the Rune symbol for thorn.

It’s a great read and even has Milton referenced in it. The whole premise revolves around Gilgamesh’s journey to obtain the plant of immortality - a thorny plant.

Gilgamesh is to feature in my new hypothesis (soon to be published) so I believe it’s very likely intentional.

In the story of Gilgamesh is the deity Ereshkigal (in game) was abducted to the underworld by Irkalla, in a parallel to the myth of Persephone.

Irkalla in game is just below Pandemonium…

So I am somewhat certain this is a reference in the Codex to ‘a thorny branch’ - a reference back to Gilgamesh…and Robert Holdstocks Ragthorn.

Again I’m still writing up my assignment on all this and will publish real soon, but here is an example of what I’ve discovered. I do wholeheartedly believe this is a cosmological model universe and Raxxla is in a particular area…



Last edited: Dec 7, 2023
Reactions:
Ozric, Merlin StWahgwaan, Bushido Brown and 1 other person