Rochester
Dec 7, 2023
#32,384
Jorki Rasalas said:
Interesting...the Thurs/Thorn/Thurisaz rune was modified when printing presses and moveable type became widespread and typesetters translated it into medieval English as the letter Y, hence "Ye Old Pubbe" or "Ye Olde Tea Shoppe". I'm sure MB would have been aware of that. So why use a "P" instead...to highlight the runes?

I like the runic analysis...if "Raxxla" can be translated as "Riddle" then perhaps we have a major clue as to finding it. I've long thought the heart of the codex entry to be the paragraph "Several versions of the Raxxla story mention an alien artefact, the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed. These details, however, were later shown to bear a striking resemblance to the children's story Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars, and soon lost credibility. Undaunted, some Raxxla seekers insisted that the story's author had cunningly concealed facts about the mysterious locale in his book as hints for those with eyes to see"...it just sounds so obviously like a riddle that needs to be solved! MB also highlighted that childrens' story in his book Legacy "As a girl Julia grew up without toys with a single possession, a book “about a young man’s quest to save a princess from an alien dragon"

Just a thought, but I was looking through the Project Gutenberg ebook of the Astronomy of Milton's Paradise Lost the other day and spotted something...Gabriel discovered Satan in Paradise and there was a bit about "betwixt Astrea and the Scorpion sign". Now Astrea was a goddess who ascended to the Heavens and became the constellation Virgo, so could your Paradise (Raxxla?) be located on the directional vector from Sol to the mid point between Virgo and Scorpio..i.e. Libra?
Click to expand...
Yes to ‘P’ I speculated this was because of it originally spelling of Þurisaz.

Thurisaz - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

Regarding Astraea I had touched on this before, where Astraea is also described by Milton as Virgo, indicating Libra, where creation was weighed: “Betwixt Astraea and the Scorpions sign”.

So yes this gives us Lucifers vantage point from heaven.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9496027
Last edited: Dec 7, 2023