Rochester
Dec 8, 2023
#32,396
Edelgard von Rhein said:
The effort that Michael Brookes has put into crafting so many systems and locations in a systematic manner is, as has been said on this thread, a work of art and an Easter Egg in its own right, regardless of whether Raxxla is found. It deserves wider recognition, so that other players, who might otherwise only note a few interesting names in passing, can understand why that happens, the importance of it and the dedication that was required to create it.

As someone who plays Elite not only for the 1:1 scale simulation of Milky Way and the stories and legends contained within but who also races spaceships for fun with the Buckyball Racing Club, I decided to pay my own small tribute to Michael Brookes, the effort he put into the game and the authors who inspired him. So I am staging a Buckyball Racing Club event over the holidays (23rd - 31st Dec), called Obfuscated in the Outer Rim and the race thread is now up here:
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threa...d-in-the-outer-rim-23rd-31st-dec-3309.621772/

I do hope you will stop by, have a read and say hello, even if racing is not for you. It could be an interesting journey!
Click to expand...
I will be posting my new hypothesis soon, and to be honest, my observations mirror your own statements.

Now for context, I have years of RL experience in locational mapping. Im very aware of institutional, cultural and personal pattern bias; doubly so in this game. But its evident in my humble professional opinion that Brookes developed a very large and complex entity in game; and as you’ve pointed out - irrespective of Raxxla, it’s a really impressive construct which I feel FD needs to champion.

I can only speculate that the reasons why they currently are not are multiple.

Either they are totally ignorant of this design (?!) or it’s directly tied to Raxxla or likewise various current or upcoming narratives, therefore to broadcast it only serves to ‘give away its secrets’.

Or it’s just space madness (and to be honest it feels like space madness because right now, I’m seeing a whole bunch of some really weird data)…

My drives are still attempting to redirect power for repairs, so I hope to get a transmission up over the next couple of days.

I hope that with some critical insight we might assess how likely my hypothesis is, because I feel that it ought not to exist solely within ‘lore & roleplay’, so I’ll be looking to re-posting it in a secondary thread under discussions.

O7
Last edited: Dec 8, 2023
Reactions:
El Saico, Shadowsnog, Ozric and 1 other person