marx
Dec 7, 2023
#32,386
Ian Doncaster said:
The pattern here seems to suggest that the hyperspace animation will aim to complete in approximately 13 seconds, but if it's not able to, it then re-polls to see if it can complete at approximately 4 second intervals, possibly because of how the sound or animation for the "extension" is looped.


I do not recall star-heavy systems slowing jumps before, though - and certainly not to anything like 30/43 seconds. Admittedly, I haven't been doing many hyperspace jumps to high-star systems lately either.

(Of course, if it's a "time to generate system" indicator, then it might be reproducible on any specific PC but completely different on one with a different performance profile)
Click to expand...
I'm not sure how things might have changed with Odyssey, if they have even changed, and I couldn't verify this new data above because I just left the bubble a day before they were posted, but I can tell you about how things were before: system generation during the loading screen (of the jump animation) depends on the GPU, with a minimum time set so that top-end GPUs don't let players get through jumps that much faster. This was mostly done by testing things on potato GPUs as well, which could have load times stretching into minutes. Variation between systems seemed to mostly depend on two things: how many bodies there are, and how old the system is. After all, it does matter whether the history that needs to be simulated is 30 million years or 13 billion years.

@Edelgard von Rhein : entirely hand-crafted systems would take shorter to generate, not longer, especially if the values were stored client-side. As far as I know, there are very few of these though, pretty much just some of the iconic systems from FE2 and FFE. Then there are systems where some bodies are overwritten with manual data while the rest stays generated, most notably TRAPPIST-1. When that was bugged during the beta it was added in, you could see that which bodies were edited (as they didn't appear correctly on the system map). There's also a simple and crude way to test: disable your net connection while playing (= yank the cable, unless you're on wireless) and then see where the game will stall.

Personally, if I wanted to find Raxxla, I wouldn't rely on loading times and such. You have to jump into a system anyway (can't filter stuff out from the galaxy map), so in the end, the best way to be certain is to scan everything once you're there.
Reactions:
xElijah, Shadowsnog, Adel and 1 other person