Jorki Rasalas
Dec 7, 2023
#32,382
selbie said:
Interesting
The spelling is basically a visual literal version of Thurisaz flipping the runic ᚦ ('thurs' or 'th' sound in this case) for P. Thurs is usually symbolic of a giant, or the Jötunn
So it could have a small linkage to the codex if you consider Art Thornqvist's name used.
Do you know of any descriptions in Paradise Lost of a literal giant thorned item of some kind? or maybe a deer or horned entity? any mentions of thorned branches?


ALSO, speaking of runic parallels I just discovered the following:
Consider that in , the rune ᛞ appears twice in some bind runes - forming a double d sound ()
So could RAXXLA be a twisting of runic symbols which could sound something like RADDLA? RADDLE? (with the e having more of an 'eh' sound like you hear in scandinavian accents) so maybe
The word Raddle means to , or to . Similarly REDDLE means .
Perhaps Braben was making it literally a RIDDLE /


Like my earlier Norse investigations, Art Thornqvist could be related to a , or . Perhaps there is some linkage there with the boundary of between heaven and earth being some kind of giant thorned branch.... much like a world tree of sorts
Click to expand...
Interesting...the Thurs/Thorn/Thurisaz rune was modified when printing presses and moveable type became widespread and typesetters translated it into medieval English as the letter Y, hence "Ye Old Pubbe" or "Ye Olde Tea Shoppe". I'm sure MB would have been aware of that. So why use a "P" instead...to highlight the runes?

I like the runic analysis...if "Raxxla" can be translated as "Riddle" then perhaps we have a major clue as to finding it. I've long thought the heart of the codex entry to be the paragraph "Several versions of the Raxxla story mention an alien artefact, the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed. These details, however, were later shown to bear a striking resemblance to the children's story Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars, and soon lost credibility. Undaunted, some Raxxla seekers insisted that the story's author had cunningly concealed facts about the mysterious locale in his book as hints for those with eyes to see"...it just sounds so obviously like a riddle that needs to be solved! MB also highlighted that childrens' story in his book Legacy "As a girl Julia grew up without toys with a single possession, a book “about a young man’s quest to save a princess from an alien dragon"

@Rochester Just a thought, but I was looking through the Project Gutenberg ebook of the Astronomy of Milton's Paradise Lost the other day and spotted something...Gabriel discovered Satan in Paradise and there was a bit about "betwixt Astrea and the Scorpion sign". Now Astrea was a goddess who ascended to the Heavens and became the constellation Virgo, so could your Paradise (Raxxla?) be located on the directional vector from Sol to the mid point between Virgo and Scorpio..i.e. Libra?
Last edited: Dec 7, 2023
Reactions:
Rochester and selbie