Louis Calvert
Nov 9, 2022
#27,768
yelboc said:
Unfortunately, I think you will find that all installation names are procedural. So there can be no significance in any of them - they are just mechanically picked from a set of three dictionaries based on the system ID, and their position.
That's interesting info, but (unless you work at Fdev and are stealth-posting ), I don't believe you can know that for sure. I accept that it's likely to be unimportant though, that's basically why I haven't mentioned it since that original post a few days back since.... it's not really important...

Add that to the fact that they were a late addition to the game, certainly post dating the origin of the 'its in the milky way' comments by some years, and I think you are on very shaky ground.

Saying that a "late addition to the game" can't relate to Raxxla is pretty 'shaky ground' the fact is we just really don't know.

The risk is one of drawing connections that are irrelevant and multiplying the possibilities, leading to numerous rabbit holes. After so many years of multiplying hypotheses, whats needed is some reductionist thinking to narrow the possibilities.

Totally agree. Point me towards "relevant" stuff and I'll be super happy!

I feel like part of the issue that's always plagued the Raxxla hunt is deciding what's relevant in the first place, if you've got some new ideas I'm all ears... or eyes I guess A way to discern the relevant clues from irrelevant clues is very much needed.

From what I know the only definite 100% Raxxla-content that's ever existed in the game is what's in that single Codex page and the Dark Wheel codex page. Everything prior to that was just stuff that might be Raxxla related, if you squint and believe hard enough

It's an assumption even that they're clues that can be followed/solved. We know that hundreds of people have eliminated massive amounts of 'older' stuff in the game (listening posts, acquiring permit locks, examining Soontil, exploring systems in any way related to anything Holdstock wrote about, picking apart everything MB said or did, etc.etc.) so really that only leaves newer stuff in the game to examine with similar rigour.

In my flawed opinion dismissing something because it seems irrelevant is a mistake - personally I ignored Listening Posts when they first popped up years ago because I assumed they were a thing I'd just not seen before, turns out they were new and they were clues to cool new content!

I reckon that examining everything weird can't be bad, it usually becomes clear pretty quick if it's actually "a thing" or not.