Louis Calvert
Nov 9, 2022
#27,770
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
So, perhaps the Pilot's Federation is more transparent than otherwise acknowledged. That is certainly interesting given the language in the beacon regarding Shinrarta Dezra/Founder's World being a closely guarded secret. I now am unsure how to interpret that. I have to say that is a bit unexpected.
Disclaimer: This is a "lore read" interpretation, therefore likely to be totally wrong.

Prior to FSD emerging in the 3290's the most-used FTL system was the type 2b. We don't really know how it worked in Elite Dangerous' lore afaik, but it's essentially the hyperdrives from FFE and FE2, as I'm sure you know

Given that, maybe the idea of 'hiding' Shinrarta stems from the pre-FSD era. Whatever systems they used to remove it from the navmaps wouldn't work, or it was included in Galmap by some nefarious organisation trying to break the PF's monopoly when the new navigation systems were created - all they could do was add a software permit lock.

FSD totally changed everything, that's referenced in many places, it caused the need for the London Treaty, for example, and it spurred the largest exploration explosion and fastest expansion of human space in history.

Maybe (for whatever reason) the PF either couldn't or chose not to remain hidden in light of the new FTL tech. It's possible to use the same explanation if you believe the Dark Wheel faction originating from there is the real Dark Wheel - maybe hiding stuff from civilians equipped with FSD is significantly harder than they thought, so they just recruited instead and took advantage of the membership to get more stuff done.

This could also easily tie into the Permit Locks. They weren't necessary before since it was incredibly unlikely anyone could reach those places pre-FSD, and those that did would take weeks/months/years to do so using 2b - therefore reporting back what they found was equally hard - much like the Azimuth expedition discovered recently, they had to leave comms beacons behind them which were sabotaged. -although I believe the Proteus wreck is listed as using Quirium drives (might be misremembering). You could easily headcannon that as the reason why some areas weren't permit locked early in 3300 that then became permit locked shortly afterwards - civilians armed with FSD needed containing somehow!

Note: I've always said that I wonder what happened to the 2b starships? Lore says they were essentially made obsolete and any ships that couldn't be given FSD was discontinued and scrapped, but even today (2022) people have collections of 'obsolete' stuff they still use - and 20 years isn't that old even if there's newer stuff that's better. Vintage cars are a decent comparison. A 2b ship only needs Hydrogen fuel to run the hyperdrive, and the tech was only made obsolete 10-20 years ago so there's going to be tons of engineers that still know how to work them. If you had one... you could get past the permit locks easily... If you had, say, an Anaconda that's big enough to fit BOTH a FSD and a 2b... you'd be able to get anywhere in the galaxy.

Maybe FSD was as much a control method as it was a liberating force?
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian