BluWolve
Nov 18, 2019
#13,363
FullM3talX said:
i have a weird thought/theory that i doubt would result in anything but hear me out. following the new updates about the ability to apply for the creation of a player made faction. it's almost as if FD are trying to push us to do it, like if we're taking too long to do it ourselves. (hey guys! you can actually apply for a faction of your own! wink wink) so i suggest we make a faction called "the dark wheel", if thats even allowed. and then keep an eye for who ever attacks or tries to shut it down. as said in the dark wheel codex :

"now think about how easy it would be for some two-bit band of hucksters to pass themselves off as the dark wheel and start trading on their reputation. Doesn't happen, does it? Not for long, anyway. Whenever someone tries to usurp the dark Wheel name, sooner or later they get quietly shut down. And that's how i know"

i dont know if this has been even tried before or not. but it's worth a shot. at least, if the request gets rejected, we will know to eliminate that possibility out of the list. this could be a necessary first step (to interract with the DW), in order to even start looking for raxxla.
Click to expand...
The main issue I see with doing this is that the minor faction “The Dark Wheel” does exist in game, so a player faction using the same name would likely be rejected. They have a presence in Shinrarta Dezrah and LFT 926 if you wanted to try and gain influence with them. Bear in mind that as far as I know they are no longer offering the special missions they used to, as noted in the OP of this thread.

Also, to make a Player minor faction you need to first create a player group/squadron, and have at least 10 members. A player group named “The Dark Wheel” does already exist, and only has 3 members currently. So that would prevent any one else from even applying for player minor faction status unfortunately.

I really do like the idea though!
Last edited: Nov 18, 2019
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and FullM3talX