yelboc
Aug 29, 2019
#11,544
Vetinari said:
Have a bit of faith...believe me a world where you can play some version of Elite is far better than one where you can't, even if it turns out there is no story which I doubt.

Fdev have a 10 year storyline arc, written before they released the game...players can affect the narrative (usually means players 'spoil' the journey and the fun by getting to the last page before the story has properly begun) but the story is still 5 years to go....some of it is Thargoid & pew pew for sure but DB loves his puzzles and riddles...

People who were involved in writing / developing that story don't need to be on it full time when written - think of it more as a 10 year business plan, things will only happen at certain times planned in advance years ago, focus can be put on other things coz this bit is 'planned'.

Entire Sectors of the Galaxy have been locked off - what is in store in here? Who expected the Guardians at all?

Planets of potential 'lore' significance have been locked off in Diso & Lave - if there's no lore connected with this then OK I've misjudged them

Alex Ryder was head of DW, links direct to RH and the old lore, it may have been ret-conned but this is at the very least an homage to that and trying to keep a link alive for people like me....it may be more

The lore isn't the storyline, and rightly as keeps it just 'for those with eyes to see' or 'those who want to'. The storyline arc is the main focus as this will drive the game but that doesn't mean both cant happen at the same time, or in unison. I just kind of hope the 10th year isn't everyone gets an invite to the Dark Wheel, we all join and take on the Club to find Raxxla which is in Thargoid space. Thats why it cant be the storyline.

ED is like life, you don't get always get 'congratulations' messages when you do stuff / succeed, this is the beauty and the frustration with the game...but its why those who love it love it and its not like any other game, and those who don't like it can't stand it coz its not like any other game that properly rewards the hero by at least acknowledging they have somehow done something or may have to do something. eg if there was Morse Code decryptor in the game it would lead us to test things, there deliberately isn't.

Btw, what could Raxxla be now that would be anything but a letdown really? The Graveyard can now only exist ans an 'asteroid' ring of glinting ships in orbit around Tionisla, shining in the light but can't be visited due to visitor restrictions, it is a graveyard not a Tourist spot , but at least we could see the size and imagine. Any proper graveyard of ships will just be dull now and a let-down.
Click to expand...

I might have said the same a few months back, but it seems FD have been gradually walking away from that position, and the Gan Romero admission that Galnet is just fluff helps to confirm that. All the posturing, intrigue and murder in the story have been reduced to a bit of background noise, whilst new bigger guns and ships are now the emphasis. The interstellar initiatives seem just to be to enable them to set up the next round of combat oriented narrative - equipping us with more toys to fight with.

In an internal fantasy world, I look for a dev to chime in and tell us to keep our hopes up, but it won't happen, I'm sure (now doing the equivalent of standing on a hill in a thunderstorm waving a long sword shouting 'all gods are bar-star'ds' - [ref to T. Pratchett] )
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and PeteACarter