simulacrae
Oct 25, 2019
#12,990
Vetinari said:
Technically the Romans are still around, they live in Rome to this day obviously meant the Roman Empire which morphed into the Holy Roman Empire and then the Catholic Church so they are kind of still around and still kind of run a lot of Europe but nowhere near as powerful as they used to be.....but yes I was a bit confused by that guys cat (2 failed attempts at spelling given up) reference too.

Pedantic fact of the day brought to you by somebody with nothing better to do right now Now to look up that word from the last page I still don't understand….

I think he was referring to the putting of cats in a Catoptric cistula (a box) to see how they reacted to their reflections... Oh and just to be more obtuse ... thinking of greeks and romans... one of the early debates was whether two bodies could exist in the exactly the same place (not quite quantum superpositions... but maybe...) I think Aristotles argument against Anaxagoras (a mixer) was reduced to " If you could fit a cup of sea water into a cup of wine once and get it all into a single cup... you could repeat this untill the whole sea was gone... and thus its absurd" - Im unfamiliar with any cat in box arguments though.

AND NOW FOR SOMETHING COMPLETELY DIFFERENT

Wake Up Sheeple !!!!

The Club (or the MACE as i imagine they think of themselves) are behind the Blight and its Mutations ! The silly Onionheads in Kappa Fornacis just like to stare at the pretty shapes on the walls- they are NOT out bioengineering weapons! This is the work of an advanced biological lab possibly using raxxlan (thargoid/guardian) transformation technologies. They might be using some active Thargoid site or have even constructed a human version of the
SPOILER: DEVICE
Think its something to look for... I am off to try putting some Guardian Keys into a Thargoid device... Im sure someone has tried it already ... but should be fun either way.
Last edited: Oct 25, 2019
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Machina Ergo Sum, JulesD and 6 others