Vektorboson
V
Feb 5, 2021
#20,941
TrillClinton said:
Also i had a strange encounter in the Lung System, which in my infinite wisdom i failed to screenshot. Still beating myself up about that. Thought to add it so maybe you guys can ease my mind.
Yesterday i took my brand new Mining Python out to the Lung A Belt Cluster to try out mining (first time, usually just space trucking). Struggled a little, took me quite a while to figure things out, got some value and was out of limpets, so i charged my supercruise to visit the closest station, sell and log off for the day. As previous posts mentioned before, i too got an immediate "Mission Objective Detected" and a Trading Beacon Pops up. Cheching out the Signal i was greeted by Ariel with his usual talk about unbeatable prices and such, but a second later i received a message by a unnamed contact, requesting me to deliver 36 Non-Lethal-Weapons to Hopkins Landing. The unnamed contacts picture was yellowish/orange, pixelated/glitched and had had dark box with something along the lines of "redacted", "error", or "unknown" written in it. My immediate instinct, since im neck deep in tinfoil right now was to attribute it to TDW since it somewhat matched colours with the Codex entry's picture.
The message started with something like "The stars (fore)told we'd meet" (playing on my default language, german. just a rough translation) and was overall not what im used to receiving as random missions.
The mission itself was attributed to the Green Party of Lung, which seemed weird since i've done a bunch of missions for them and didnt attribute them with any shady dealings (correct me if im wrong). It was a Elite Rank Trading mission with either ~600k, a commodity i cant remember or a x5 or 6 Influence reward (currently Tycoon Rank in trading). In a panic i pressed F12 (steam screenshot hotkey) forgot that im on epic launcher and accepted the mission, thinking this HAS to be something and i have to know RIGHT NOW.
Flew to a neighbouring system, got what i needed and hurried back to Lung, being greeted with the same mission objective signal, checked it out just to be sure. Ariel was still there with his usual spiel.
Turned the mission in and was congratulated by the Green Party for my contribution. Nothing else happened. Im just thinking to myself should i have taken the influence? did i miss something? Or is this something very common and irrelevant and im just losing my mind because of a yellow picture. The only proof i had was the Log saying i accepted a mission from NAME_"something" (cant remember) and that i turned it in for Green Party of Lung, defeated, i didnt even screenshot that. Im legit loosing sleep about this.
Click to expand...

Sounds exactly like what I described a few posts earlier.

Question: Are you allied or friendly with any minor faction in the Lung-system?
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420