Jorki Rasalas
Jun 27, 2021
#23,836
Exekrator said:
Yeah, you're right, you have your point of view and it's valid like any other, I did not want you to feel offended with my post, and if it has been the case, I apologize.

I don't mean to say that you or I are wrong, I don't even think it's on Sirius. I have chosen this system randomly just because I just saw the photos of the Chandra X-ray observatory and the image they have of Sirio B. I have chosen "Sirio", in Spanish, because I am Spanish and the letters coincide with Oisir . I have only put it as an example of how any system could be suspected of containing Raxxla in it. I could pull out hundreds of theories about anything and tie it to Raxxla. What I mean is that without a solid track it is impossible for us to find it.
No problem, no offence taken in any way & no need to apologise! I just used to be a scientist so formulating hypotheses, testing them, promotion of better ones to become theories, which produce predictions, which are tested, and either give confidence in the theory or it crashes & burns (see link to Scientific Method in my signature). That’s what I was trained to do and I do like this thread for the discussions we have. I do sometimes get grumpy (especially when my dog wakes me up in the early hours), but more often am just being pedantic. Everyone is (mostly) polite here and we can say anything we want, it will be argued over, suggestions made, flaws pointed out & encouragement given. It’s a nice group!

I agree you could select any system to search for Raxxla. I’ve done that myself in the past, been off to the Heart & Soul nebulae, searched the Broken Heart Nebula & Cluster (which are quite far apart!) before jump ranges were as good as they are now. I’ve even been out to Goliaths Rest and back! But I do think we have been given clues (especially the codex, but some in-game tourist beacons etc) & its up to us to chase them down. I’ve been out this week to Uranus’ moon Ariel, because there’s an NPC ship with that name that crops up. You can indeed interpret them in multiple ways of course; FD arent going to make it easy for us! And it wouldn’t be a worthwhile Quest if it was easy!

Hablo un poco español aqui! (hace veinte años tuve una novia Madrileña). Pero he olvidado mucho!

Edit: there are separate threads for anything to do with Azimuth Biochemicals, Hesperus and Adamastor. Thus is the latest one https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threa...ge-from-salvation.581536/page-26#post-9345442.

Read the last page or two, that coded message was decoded, see: https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threa...ew-message-from-salvation.581536/post-9347111
Last edited: Jun 27, 2021
Reactions:
Exekrator and [PS4] Filthymick420