Exekrator
Jun 27, 2021
#23,830
Jorki Rasalas said:
Well, you are perfectly at liberty to believe Raxxla is in Sirius system, for the reasons you state, and search there. This is the right place to chew the fat tinfoil!

But I’m not convinced by your hypothesis
Why Spanish? Is there any evidence that the Guardians spoke Spanish? Why not Russian or Egyptian or Romanian or...Just because one piece of (stretched) evidence meets a hypothesis doesnt make it a valid theory.
The FSD anomalies in Sirius also used to occur frequently in many systems-in fact any with a NS or WD. For example last time I was there it was happening in van Maanen's Star, quite recently.

I suspect that Chandra photo is showing the diffraction pattern from the vanes holding the secondary mirror; such patterns are seen in most reflecting telescopes.

For me the deciding factors for Sol are
A) the Mars artefact shows aliens visited Sol in the distant past
B) the Raxxla logo shows the astronomical symbol for Sol, surrounded by the three arcs that represent asteroid belt (for in-game evidence see this symbol at the entrance to asteroid bases)
C) first report of a Raxxla rumour was in 2296, so evidence must have been found prior to that date.
D) Codex: UC- “the merger of Omphalos Infotech and Devaine-Bright Interstellar”
E) Federation-FTL tech became available 22nd Cent (2100s), first stars settled were Tau Ceti, Delta Pavonis, Beta Hydri and Altair. Tau Ceti rebelled in 2161 (130 years before first mention of Raxxla myth in 2296). Sirius wasnt colonised until 2339. If Raxxla had been found and was exploitable then its system would have been rapidly colonised.
F) the DW toast:
"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!
To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void!
The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts.
To Raxxla!"
Seems to me to fit Sol better than Sirius (& I have checked out Sirius in the past!), in fact better than any other system
Jewel= Sol/Earth (Galnet 14 June 3301 “Sol is the birthplace of our race, the shining jewel of our galaxy.”)
Whisperer+Siren =Venus (dual Marvel comic characters)
Parent’s grief, lover’s woe = Greek myth of Cronus (Roman Saturn), Rhea (his sister/spouse) and Uranus (their father). Together with the codex mention of the Omphalos, since Rhea fed Cronus the Omphalos Stone in lieu of their child Zeus (Roman Jupiter).

I think there were some other factors that convinced me to base my search in Sol, but the memory is frail and lunch is calling...
Click to expand...
Yeah, you're right, you have your point of view and it's valid like any other, I did not want you to feel offended with my post, and if it has been the case, I apologize.

I don't mean to say that you or I are wrong, I don't even think it's on Sirius. I have chosen this system randomly just because I just saw the photos of the Chandra X-ray observatory and the image they have of Sirio B. I have chosen "Sirio", in Spanish, because I am Spanish and the letters coincide with Oisir . I have only put it as an example of how any system could be suspected of containing Raxxla in it. I could pull out hundreds of theories about anything and tie it to Raxxla. What I mean is that without a solid track it is impossible for us to find it.