Jorki Rasalas
Jun 27, 2021
#23,829
Exekrator said:
Well, it is a valid option to check every inch of the solar system. But I don't think that's the solution, I still think that some kind of trigger needs to be activated to start the Raxxla plot. It could be any system.

Do you want some tinfoil? Why Sol? Why not Sirius?

-Sirius is locked by a permit, any casual gamer couldn't randomly discover Raxxla.

-Sirius is the headquarters of the oldest mega-corporation in the game, why did they choose this place and not another? It only contains two planets and their names are very suspicious: Lucifer and Waypoint. A waypoint to where or what?

-Sirius Corporation are the creators of the new FSD for all ships, perhaps they had access to extraterrestrial technology (RAXXLA).

-Sirius has anomalies when flying within the system with the message "Frame Shift Drive operating beyond safety limits".

-Sirius, in spanish is written "Sirio", changing the letters you get Oisir (OISIR-RAXXLA from the book The Alien World)

-The photo from the Chandra X-ray observatory shows Sirius B suspiciously shaped like a hexagon.

Many systems seem to have some secrets, I don't think we will ever find anything without some kind of clue.
Click to expand...

Well, you are perfectly at liberty to believe Raxxla is in Sirius system, for the reasons you state, and search there. This is the right place to chew the fat tinfoil!

But I’m not convinced by your hypothesis
Why Spanish? Is there any evidence that the Guardians spoke Spanish? Why not Russian or Egyptian or Romanian or...Just because one piece of (stretched) evidence meets a hypothesis doesnt make it a valid theory.
The FSD anomalies in Sirius also used to occur frequently in many systems-in fact any with a NS or WD. For example last time I was there it was happening in van Maanen's Star, quite recently.

I suspect that Chandra photo is showing the diffraction pattern from the vanes holding the secondary mirror; such patterns are seen in most reflecting telescopes.

For me the deciding factors for Sol are
A) the Mars artefact shows aliens visited Sol in the distant past
B) the Raxxla logo shows the astronomical symbol for Sol, surrounded by the three arcs that represent asteroid belt (for in-game evidence see this symbol at the entrance to asteroid bases)
C) first report of a Raxxla rumour was in 2296, so evidence must have been found prior to that date.
D) Codex: UC- “the merger of Omphalos Infotech and Devaine-Bright Interstellar”
E) Federation-FTL tech became available 22nd Cent (2100s), first stars settled were Tau Ceti, Delta Pavonis, Beta Hydri and Altair. Tau Ceti rebelled in 2161 (130 years before first mention of Raxxla myth in 2296). Sirius wasnt colonised until 2339. If Raxxla had been found and was exploitable then its system would have been rapidly colonised.
F) the DW toast:
"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!
To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void!
The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts.
To Raxxla!"
Seems to me to fit Sol better than Sirius (& I have checked out Sirius in the past!), in fact better than any other system
Jewel= Sol/Earth (Galnet 14 June 3301 “Sol is the birthplace of our race, the shining jewel of our galaxy.”)
Whisperer+Siren =Venus (dual Marvel comic characters)
Parent’s grief, lover’s woe = Greek myth of Cronus (Roman Saturn), Rhea (his sister/spouse) and Uranus (their father). Together with the codex mention of the Omphalos, since Rhea fed Cronus the Omphalos Stone in lieu of their child Zeus (Roman Jupiter).

I think there were some other factors that convinced me to base my search in Sol, but the memory is frail and lunch is calling...but I’ve come to this conclusion after several years of searching, involving more than a few hundred LY travelled. We have clues, several, but they don’t make much sense. The sense they do make seems to me to point to Sol. I suspect the storyline is that Voyager 1/2/New Horizons found Raxxla hints & that was confirmed when the artefact was found. If any group of men control Raxxla it’s the Feds.
Last edited: Jun 27, 2021
Reactions:
Djidjel, Rochester and Exekrator