CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Mar 15, 2022
#25,719
Thatchinho said:
I think the problem with this in terms of logic is several-fold:
There’s nothing to say that the rumour of Raxxla resulted from the discovery of Raxxla itself (there are certainly hints in the codex that it didn’t)
Assuming that the rumour started with the discovery of something outside of Sol, there’s nothing to say it was as a result of a jump that went right.
Similar, but for the following - it being discovered on a manned journey, it being discovered on a publicly acknowledged journey, etc.

Don’t get me wrong, I’m not saying it’s not an avenue worth considering, just that we can’t draw any definitive conclusions about the location of Raxxla based on it. It’s a good first cut of things though.

(Personally, my take on stuff like this is that the best approach to take is to look into it in its own right, with looking for Raxxla disregarded. Better to see what we can work out in general, and then see if that info tells us anything about Raxxla. Even if it doesn’t end up telling us anything about Raxxla, it might tell us about something else. And who knows, given what little we know about Raxxla, that something else might actually turn out to be connected with Raxxla.)
Click to expand...
Has anyone seriously looked into why the Frontier gazette says Altair should have 20 bodies but has 5 planets in Elite Dangerous. Ackcanphi should have had earth-like but is just 2 stars. This is just sampling of the initial discovery reports being not even remotely close to what is in-game. There are also several systems such as Enaness that are straight up completely missing. These lore important systems. Shouldn't these match reasonably closely. Even factoring in 2296 - 3308 is 1,012 years and it has been 1,211 years since the first generation ship (2097 per Galnet) there should be at least reasonable consistency. I could understand if one of the systems was Jackson's Lighthouse which per the system description the binary stars formed the magnetar in 2672. I mean if key pieces are gone the immediate assumption should not be retconn but that maybe you need to look nearby or see if the system had a name change over all those centuries.