Rochester
Mar 15, 2022
#25,708
To my eyes the search of the GPH isn’t so ‘robust’, being reliant on scanners…

I think if Raxxla is within this sphere of influence then yes, it ought to ping on the scanners, because if the statement about someone flying through it was true, then they didn’t look, ergo they didn’t see, therefore it should be detectable via normal means…but what is normal means?

It could need some element of direct interaction or visual identification, it may ping up on the scanners, but may not resolve as ‘here’s Raxxla’. As you say it could be hidden in plain sight.

Thats why I’ve not engaged with the GPH, I think it’s a great incentive, but I’m not one for grinding.

My gut tells me there ought to be a clue within the codex which could help focus that search, ploughing through light years of unrelated space is a tremendous effort which ultimately may present a false positive, as someone could likely fly straight past it.

I still applaud the effort and its likely to resolve something. But if they find nothing they need to check their biases and assess how they present those findings.

Raxxla could also be just outside this sphere of influence… or the location may not actually relate to Raxxla at all but another clue, with Raxxla elsewhere?

And we all may just be over thinking it.

From a logical standpoint the Tau Ceti date is a very obvious clue, as it indicates a sphere of influence.

But there is still the possibility it’s just boulderdash and hogwash.

I would like the alleged 2016 statement disproved/corroborated; if true we need to ask the question - why is no one else talking? if true what could it identify? It’s a date specific statement; if true is it true now as it was then; they DiD change something…. Is everything pre-Codex no longer reliable?

Again I still cannot shake the suspicion its currently narratively locked. It’s FD MO - it’s what they do…

I do believe it historically WAS accessible, either intentionally or more likely unintentionally… and I also suspect FD have amended their narrative over time to suit….

Or it’s just over there, under the cat.
Last edited: Mar 15, 2022