CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Mar 15, 2022
#25,716
Jorki Rasalas said:
BUT, wasn't the great potato hunt supposed to exhaustively survey each and every star system with 200 ly of Sol?

If they really did that conscientiously, and honked and scanned & mapped every body in those systems, including all asteroid clusters (& all the asteroids within each cluster-the Raxxla logo could indicate a hidden asteroid base!) then either:
1) Raxxla aint there, or (methinks more likely, given the first rumour clue)
2) Raxxla (or the omphalos gateway to it) is disguised as something quite ordinary, and just hasn't been recognised, or
3) Raxxla isn't detectable by normal scanners, so possibly disguised as a comet?? Since these are the only body types we currently know of that aren't detectable

Have you checked the potato hunt and conducted a quality control audit?

Edit: and while comets might not be visually implemented, I’m assuming they just might impact the spawn point of USS like planets etc do. What if the omphalos spawn is like a USS but possibly unlabelled?
Click to expand...
Have you ever considered the phrase "a place that is not a place, a door that is also the key" might just mean you are looking for something of a more non-traditional nature (in other words the Great Potato Hunt was doomed from the start). It's probably a real thing but very much defies normal coventions of things and places. The crazier thing is its commonplace yet uncommon in the Elite Universe. It can be found in brief fleeting moments and some entities possess it as a natural ability.

Hint: there is one other piece of lore we know just as little about as Raxxla (possibly even less). It's in "The Dark Wheel" novella (I cannot speak for the prior games as I never played them) and was key role prior to the first commercial availability of the modern FSD but not a trace has ever even been found to substantiate its existence beyond rumors and tales of old.

Maybe this will help.. "Betwixt, Between, and Becoming: On Liminality and Embracing the Precarious In-Between".

The question, at this point, is more of what are the exact requirements to activate it.

From dictionary.com:
liminality
Liminality from dictionary.com
[ lim-uh-nal-i-tee ]


noun Anthropology.
the transitional period or phase of a rite of passage, during which the participant lacks social status or rank, remains anonymous, shows obedience and humility, and follows prescribed forms of conduct, dress, etc.
Last edited: Mar 15, 2022