FullM3talX
Jul 9, 2019
#9,482
Jaiotu said:
Movement through time does not (necessarily) a tesseract make. Important to remember that any representation of a tesseract that we can comprehend visually in 3 dimensional space is only an analog ... it isn't itself a tesseract. When we talk about 3 dimensional space we typically fail to mention the dimension of time. A cube already exists in height, depth, width and time (four dimensions if you want to get technical). A tesseract is a cube that exist in heigh, width, depth, time ... and some other dimension that we poor humans can't perceive. A better example would be flatland. Its not that Raxxla is necessarily moving but more like it is sitting right next to us but existing in space that we simply can't comprehend.
that's exactly how i think about it. the way we can currenctly see tesseracts and draw them is by looking at their projected shadow onto a 2D surface. wich results in the known tesseract images. (the shadow is not the actual object giving off the shadow, but it gives us a bit of a clue on what that object is) how could this apply to Raxxla? if we suppose this theory of tesseract is true and leading us somewhere, then Raxxla would be a 4 Dimensional Object OR hidden in a fourth Dimension, wich we cant directly see. but we can see it's projected shadow somewhere, or it's indirect effects on something else. just like with tesseracts.

Hmm... witch space or HyperSpace has always been suspisious to me, when thinking about raxxla. "the place that isn't a place". witch space is not really a place. it's the same normal space. but because it's scrolling around us at immense speeds, it becomes like a space of it's own. but not really. only apparently. it acts as a ...4rth dimension. Only seen if we are speeding at the speed of light. in other words, you cant stop moving, and still be in hyperspace. as soon as you stop, you are in normal space again. therefore hyperspace is not a place.... no idea if this leads anywhere though.
witch space is kind of impossible to interact with at the moment in elite. or... is it?

edit 1:
from WitchSpace Lore:
"Even today, hyperspace remains poorly understood. Many pilots have reported glimpsing inexplicable lights, and even structures, within the witch-space tunnels. It may be centuries before all of its mysteries are unravelled."
we haven't been looking into witch space in much detail have we? i might be repeating a pre-existing theory here but:
one way i can see how FD would implement raxxla in hyperspace is by Hyperdiction. because that system already exists with Thargoids. it's a good surprise mechanic, catchy and rewarding. it would be much better than just raxxla be found in some random system just like that. quite anticlimactic. if Raxxla is this important, then they would want it to be found with a BANG.
maybe if you do the right actions or have the right permits or have the right items in cargo, or jump from the right system, something hyperdicts you somewhere related with raxxla?
Last edited: Jul 9, 2019
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein