AOpsyche
A
Jul 9, 2019
#9,483
FullM3talX said:
that's exactly how i think about it. the way we can currenctly see tesseracts and draw them is by looking at their projected shadow onto a 2D surface. wich gives us the known tesseract images. (the shadow is not the actual object giving off that shadow, but it gives us a bit of a clue of what that object is) how could this apply to Raxxla? if we suppose that this theory of tesseract is true and leading us somewhere, then Raxxla would be a 4 Dimensional Object OR hidden in a fourth Dimension, wich we cant directly see. but we can see it's projected shadow somewhere, or it's indirect effects on something else. just like we do with tesseracts.

Hmm. witch space or HyperSpace has always been suspisious to me, when thinking about raxxla. "the place that isn't a place". witch space isn't really a place. it's just the same space when were not in hyperspace. but because it's scrolling around us at immense speeds, it becomes like a space of it's own. but not really. only apparently. it acts as a ...4rth dimension. Only seen if we are speeding at the speed of light... no idea if this leads anywhere though. witch space is kind of impossible to interact with at the moment in elite. or... is it?

edit 1:
from WitchSpace Lore:

we haven't been looking into witch space too much have we?
one way i can see how FD would implement raxxla in hyperspace is by Hyperdiction. because that system already exists with Thargoids. it's a good surprise mechanic, catchy and rewarding. it would be much better than just raxxla be found in some random system just like that. quite anticlimactic. if Raxxla is this important, then they would want it to be found with a BANG.
maybe if you do the right actions or have the right items in cargo, or jump from the right system, something hyperdicts you into somewhere related with raxxla?
Click to expand...
There's actually been quite a bit of witchspace investigation, especially right after the most recent patch on may 14. (There was a short lived bug where you could see planets in witchspace.) Many others here were linking the spinning effect in witchspace to "spiralling stars" around the same time. Tons of others on here have done an insane amount of things to force misjumps, usually informed by the Starship One jump anomaly. Im sorry, dont feel like linking all the posts here, but i bet a quick hit on that search bar up top will show you past hyperspace experiments.

Edit: nice ludens picture, can't wait to play DS
Reactions:
FullM3talX