Jorki Rasalas
Jun 14, 2020
#17,368
FullM3talX said:
and in other news, galnet seems to be back strong with the staggering amount of 1 articles for all of us free tinfoiled pilots to read and enjoy. i bet theres SOME link between those Nanomedicines and raxxla in there somewhere.... or is there? after all. it's not all fluff anymore.

sigh...the truth is, we've been dried out of content for so long, that we tinfoiled about pretty much everything at this point. i thought this would be some nice new and refreshing meals for us to munch on, even if it ended up being completely a hoax. imagine all the tinfoil goodies we could have extracted from that. thats a fresh new LEAD watson

after all, you know what they say. if it got deleted, it propably was ...cough cough ... brb my cat needs me

The FD storyline moves slow. At the moment we have Humans and Thargoids (possibly two warring factions of said crustacean predators), with placeholder slots for Guardians (or their descendants, though I suspect that is humanity), Guardian AI, and possibly some more alien species in out of the way permit locked areas like Bovomit etc.

Thargoids have been gathering human escape pods for around a year now, so they’ve got a lot of experimental subjects/body parts and will understand human anatomy pretty well. They must have engineered them into their ships and this is likely to add a new dimension to AX conflict in the coming war.

I suspect these nanomedicines will be viable for some aspect of this storyline, possibly recovering Thargoid-engineered humans. However I also remember some Galnet posts about Utopian experiments with uploading human memories etc to a network, which was highly reminiscent of Guardian AI inception. So it is also possible that these nanomedicines are the next step in producing our own human AI nemesis, proving once again that humanity as a species consistently fails to learn from its mistakes and is therefore an evolutionary dead end.
Reactions:
FullM3talX, [PS4] Filthymick420 and PeteACarter