Louis Calvert
Dec 16, 2023
#32,534
Han_Zen said:
Hypothesis: Raxxla is (in) Alpha Cygni (Deneb)

...
This was good enough for me to go. I went to Alpha Cygni, about a week ago. I found something very mysterious, in the least expected place.

After looking at the system map for a while(I was in VR at the time), I noticed a new object in the map. It grew slowly and looked like a dark cloud. When panning the screen, it moves in a plane between the normal system bodies and the background stars. It's always located in the bottom right corner of the map.

Here are a few pics I have made in high-res.
Zoomed cut outs:
Full image:

Pics are big, so links only.

I actually think that it's a fair chance that Alpha Cygni/Deneb is Raxxla ant that we see the Omphalos Rift in the system map. Take a look for your self.


I have searched, probed, scanned(in 3.2 and 3.3) and listened. I have jumped, in and out and across. I can't locate it.
It's obfuscated. Half a dimension away.

I think we need more eyes and ears in there. [up][alien][up]
Click to expand...
Edit NOTE: this was solved. These objects are solar flares (the kind that appear on the star), that for some reason appear off in space. This post by Spidermustdie illustrates these same object as they appear on the sun

Been going through old posts to see what gems we missed or forgot, or maybe dismissed too early.

@Han_Zen your mysterious object is still there in Alpha Cygni, it's physically moving!! Used the hi-rez screenshot to get these iamges:


this is about the best shot I can get of it (so far, it seems like it's stopped now. I have a series of images, it was very clearly rotating when it came into view, started very small just a bright point and then it clearly rotated and became darker and basically invisible, then after a while (minutes) it showed up further up the screen, larger and lighter and rotated around to this*. In the time of typing this, it's rotated more:

I can literally see it rotating as I'm watching it, this next image is about a minute or so later:

It's continued rotating, but when I took the screenshot I noticed there's two of them!!


The original one is on the left half-covered by the line, and the 'new' one is on the right. It's also rotating slowly.
This is the second one, it's rotated around now so the light side is visible:

For reference as to where they are, this is the system map screen, I did what Han-Zen said, but I zoomed all the way out and pressed 'g' on the keyboard to rotate the system map 'down' as far it will go, My pointer is right next to the second object.

They are there, and they're reflecting light from something.

They look a lot like asteroids to me??? When you see them moving they're absolutely 3d objects turning slowly.

I can't see anything on the orrery view, and there's no asteroid belts in this system. Han_Zen reported this first almost exactly 5 years ago.

I haven't yet been much past Christmas day 2018 so I don't know if this was busted sometime later? It's actually pretty chilling to see them rotating there just out of view... what are they??

Edit: managed to get them both in a pretty good light together:

They rotated some more, this one is good:



For reference these are the images Han_Zen posted 5 years ago: https://i.postimg.cc/rmYQwHXV/3RAxx.png


Note: My Pc is veeerrryyy old, so possibly someone with a better PC might get even better pics?

* Second time trying this; opened map, zoomed out, angled the camera by pressing G, set screen at bottom right (as Han_Zen reported). Wait a minute or two, there's a bright 'bloom' of light from that area, then slowly the object rotates into view. It looks smaller at first but I'm not sure if thats just were it is when it rotates. After a couple of minutes I can't see the second one at all. Interestingly I'm seeing the second object, in the same place it was before, but I'm not seeing the first object at all yet.... aha! about 5 mins maybe after 'object 2' appeared, 'object 1' appeared in the same way in the same place, it looks like it 'gets closer' quite rapidly, grows a little in size then sits and slowly rates. The growing closer might be just an optical trick, but both of them certainly seem to appear in a bloom of radiance.

For me, this has been a repeatable and predictable thing. Since it matches Han_Zen's report from 5 years ago in every way, I assume everyone can also come here and see these things too.
Last edited: Dec 21, 2023
Reactions:
Han_Zen, Merlin StWahgwaan and Shadowsnog