Emperor
Dec 16, 2023
#32,528
Jorki Rasalas said:
the golden chain might be the string of 2Mass stars pointing back towards Sol?

Search for Volkov and there is another golden chain (Started to visit each one and got a little bored / distracted - must go back at some point)...



Well you could search for "2MASS J03291977+3124572" next door which is populated but Volkov is probably easier to type!

There are a few names in this one too... (Most results below are direct from Google Bard and not verified!!!!)

Volkcov
Sergey Volkov (cosmonaut): Born on August 1, 1964, in Moscow, Russia, Sergey Volkov is a Russian cosmonaut who has flown in space on four different missions. He is the son of cosmonaut Aleksandr Volkov, who was the commander of the Soyuz 14 mission in 1974. Sergey Volkov is the youngest ISS commander to date. His mission lasted from April to October 2008.
Aleksandr Volkov (cosmonaut): Born on August 2, 1948, in Moscow, Russia, Aleksandr Volkov is a retired Soviet cosmonaut who flew in space on two different missions. He was the commander of the Soyuz 14 mission in 1974. Volkov is the father of cosmonaut Sergey Volkov.

Valyur
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/in-memory-of-our-friend-valyur-777.411482/post-7150976 - Memorial to a streamer who passed away.... o7

Yelchin
Actor who played Pavel Chekov in the newer Star Trek films (deceased from a freak accident)
Emily
Dr. Emily Levesque - Emily Levesque (born 1984 ) is an American astronomer and assistant professor in the Department of Astronomy at the University of Washington. She is renowned for her work on massive stars and using these stars to investigate galaxy formation. In 2014, she received the Annie Jump Cannon Award for her innovative work on gamma ray bursts and the Sloan Fellowship in 2017. In 2015, Levesque, Rachel Bezanson, and Grant R. Tremblay published an influential paper, which critiqued the use of the Physics GRE as an admissions cut-off criterion for astronomy postgraduate programs by showing there was no statistical correlation between applicant's score and later success in their academic careers. Subsequently, the American Astronomical Society adopted the stance that the Physics GRE should not be mandatory for graduate school applications, and many graduate astronomy programs have since removed the Physics GRE as a required part of their graduate school applications. She is also the author of the 2020 popular science book The Last Stargazers: The Enduring Story of Astronomy's Vanishing Explorers. She's interviewed here in a very interesting discussion (oh and Raxxla is mentioned - don't get excited though! - I chuckled)
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WWH5LvrTMs&t=819s
Emily Bone is a British science writer and author of several books for children about astronomy. Her book "The Sun and Our Solar System" was published in 2014 and is a popular resource for young learners. The book is read here -
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7BTNbbM9aQ&t=1s
Emily Lakdawalla is an American astrophysicist and planetary scientist who has worked at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) for over 20 years. She is a co-author of the book "The Pluto Files: The Rise and Fall of America's Favorite Planet" and has written extensively about planetary science and space exploration for the New York Times, Slate, and other publications.
Emily Martin is a Canadian aerospace engineer and astronaut candidate who was selected by the Canadian Space Agency (CSA) in 2020. She is currently undergoing training at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas, and is expected to be assigned to her first mission in the early 2020s.
Emily West is an American astrophysicist and planetary scientist who is currently a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Arizona. Her research focuses on the formation and evolution of planets, and she has published several papers on her work in peer-reviewed journals.
Shonin
The term "shonin" is a Japanese word that has a variety of meanings depending on the context. In Buddhist contexts, it typically refers to a person who has received the precepts of a bodhisattva and is committed to helping others achieve enlightenment. In other contexts, it can also refer to a teacher, a monk, or a pilgrim.
Koki
Koki Ikeda (池田 向希, Ikeda Koki) (born 1998) is a Japanese astronaut candidate selected by JAXA (Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency) in August 2018. He is undergoing training at the ISS training center in Houston, Texas.
Koki Inoue (井上 光輝, Inoue Koki) (born 1946) was a Japanese astronomer who worked at the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan (NAOJ) from 1974 to 2015. He is known for his work on the Sakurai Object, a type of supernova that is very rare and difficult to observe.
Koki Nishioka (西岡 幸男, Nishioka Koki) (born 1941) is a Japanese astrophysicist who works at the Tokyo Institute of Technology. He is known for his work on the formation of galaxies.
Koki Nishimura (西村 弘樹, Nishimura Kōki) (born 1969) is a Japanese space engineer who works at the Mitsubishi Heavy Industries group. He is the project manager for the H-II Transfer Vehicle (HTV), a cargo spacecraft that is used to resupply the International Space Station (ISS).
Koki Ueda (上田 晃樹, Ueda Kōki) (born 1975) is a Japanese physicist who works at the University of Tokyo. He is known for his work on dark matter.

Filipchenko
Major General Anatoly Vasilyevich Filipchenko[a] (26 February 1928 – 7 August 2022) was a Soviet cosmonaut of Ukrainian descent. He flew on the Soyuz 7 and Soyuz 16 missions.

Gorbatko
Georgi Gorbatko (Ukrainian: Георгій Михайлович Горбатко; born 29 July 1945) is a Ukrainian cosmonaut and engineer. He was a member of the Soviet cosmonaut group selected in 1966, and flew on three space missions between 1977 and 1985. He is the first and only person in the world to have been to the Mir space station twice. He is also the third person to have spent the most time in space, with a total of 311 days.
Valentina Gorbatko (born 26 November 1934) is a Russian astronomer who is known for her research on the structure of galaxies. She has published over 60 papers in peer-reviewed journals, and is a member of the International Astronomical Union.
Yuri Gorbatko (Russian: Юрий Михайлович Горбатко; born 26 October 1933) is a retired Soviet cosmonaut who flew three space missions between 1965 and 1975. He is the only person to have flown on three Soyuz spacecraft, and is the ninth person to have walked in space. He is also the first person to have had a meal in space.
Roman Gorbatko (born 12 December 1971) is a Ukrainian cosmonaut who was selected by the National Space Agency of Ukraine (NSAU) in 2019. He is currently undergoing training for a future flight to the International Space Station (ISS).
Yeliseyev
**Valeriy Yeliseyev (Russian: Валерий Николаевич Елисеев; born 30 August 1937) was a Soviet cosmonaut who flew on four space missions between 1974 and 1991. He is best known for his four spacewalks, which were conducted during the Apollo–Soyuz Test Project in 1975 and the Salyut 7 and Mir space stations in the 1980s. He is the second most experienced spacewalker in history, with a total of 82 hours and 22 minutes of extravehicular activity (EVA).
**Vladimir Yeliseyev (Russian: Владимир Николаевич Елисеев; born 3 May 1946) is a Russian scientist who is known for his research on the formation of galaxies. He is a member of the International Astronomical Union and has published over 100 papers in peer-reviewed journals. He is also the author of several books on astronomy.
**Vyacheslav Yeliseyev (Russian: Вячеслав Николаевич Елисеев; born 20 August 1937) is a Russian physicist who is known for his research on the detection of gravitational waves. He is a member of the International Society on Gravitational Wave Research and has published over 200 papers in peer-reviewed journals. He is also the author of several books on cosmology.
**Vasily Yeliseyev (Russian: Василий Николаевич Елисеев; born 15 October 1939) is a Russian aerospace engineer who is known for his work on the development of the Soyuz spacecraft. He is a member of the International Academy of Astronautics and has published over 100 papers in peer-reviewed journals. He is also the author of several books on aerospace engineering.
Rusty Schweickart (born August 2, 1935) is an American former astronaut who served as command module pilot on the Apollo 9 mission in 1969. He was also an integral part of the Apollo 8 mission, the first manned lunar orbit mission. Schweickart is a graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy and has a doctorate in space sciences from the University of Arizona. He is a Fellow of the American Astronautical Society, as well as the Explorers Club.

Schweickart
Schweickart's contributions to space exploration have been numerous. He was a pioneer in the development of spacesuit technology and procedures for extravehicular activity (EVA). He also played a key role in the development of the Lunar Surface Operations (LSO) crew procedures. Additionally, Schweickart has been a prolific author and lecturer on space exploration, and his work has been instrumental in inspiring future generations of scientists and astronauts.
Here are some of his notable achievements:
Served as command module pilot on the Apollo 9 mission in 1969, which was the first manned flight of the Apollo spacecraft.
Assisted in the development of spacesuit technology and procedures for extravehicular activity (EVA).
Played a key role in the development of the Lunar Surface Operations (LSO) crew procedures.
Published several books and articles on space exploration.
Inspired future generations of scientists and astronauts.

Kubasov
Valery Kubasov(January 7, 1935 – February 19, 2014) was a Soviet cosmonaut who performed the first welding experiments in space. He was born in Vyazniki, Russia, and graduated from the Moscow Aviation Institute in 1958. Kubasov was accepted into the cosmonaut program in 1966 and flew on three space missions: Soyuz 6 (1969), Soyuz 19 (1975), and Soyuz 36 (1980).
Kubasov was the first person to weld in space, doing so during his Soyuz 6 mission in 1969. He also participated in the first joint Soviet-American space mission, Soyuz 19, in 1975. On this mission, Kubasov spent two weeks docked with the American Apollo spacecraft. Kubasov retired from the cosmonaut program in 1980 and worked as deputy director of the Russian spacecraft manufacturer RKK Energia until his death in 2014.
Here are some of his notable achievements:
Performed the first welding experiments in space during his Soyuz 6 mission in 1969.
Participated in the first joint Soviet-American space mission, Soyuz 19, in 1975.
Spent two weeks docked with the American Apollo spacecraft during Soyuz 19.
Retired from the cosmonaut program in 1980 and worked as deputy director of the Russian spacecraft manufacturer RKK Energia until his death in 2014.
Last edited: Dec 16, 2023
Reactions:
selbie, Han_Zen, El Saico and 1 other person