Thatchinho
Jun 17, 2019
#9,006
DrewCarnegie said:
Regarding the 'insectoid' nature of the Thargoids:
Have we any reason to believe that this extends beyond just physical characteristics into hierarchical/sociological structures - hive minds, alien queens, that kind of thing?

A society that sees itself as one entity, rather than a group of individuals, wouldn't have a need for an 'x..ian' naming convention. They would simply be 'x' - part of it, not belonging to it.
Plenty. Subject to the usual provisos of course!

Will add more details when I’ve got a min.

Off the top of my head;

queens - yes (Edit 3 - struggling to find anything specifically talking about queens)
hive minds - partial yes. It’s not non-local FTL telepathic though. Also is more of an extreme hierarchical style thing rather than a group-mind. (Edit 3 - may be more towards a group mind than a hierarchical style thing. Only by inference though.)
(Though don’t take those as absolute statements. - I’ll fish out the relevant info and update.)


Edit 1 -

From OoTD:

“Each of us has to learn independently: verbally or via direct observation and experience—a clumsy and inefficient process. Oresrians can pass their experiences directly to others of their species. What I show the Oresrians here, every Oresrian will know when they return home.”

- hive mind of sorts, with it being not non-local/FTL. Said by a character, so subject to the usual considerations of things of that nature.

Also from OoTD:

“Culturally they still move slowly by our standards.”

- just for reference. Same provenance as previous quote with associated considerations.

From Galnet article https://community.elitedangerous.com/en/galnet/uid/57ada8969657baeb6e876c6c

“There are even rumours that the Thargoids have a collective consciousness or 'hive mind'”

- though this is obviously just a report about rumours, and the following line starts ‘Some of the less outlandish theories...’ so it could be read as potentially just rumour in that context.


Edit 2 -


From Galnet article https://community.elitedangerous.com/galnet/uid/5a2ab73cf1caf05371219512

“our analysis has revealed some intriguing details about how the Thargoids categorise geographical data. Indeed, it’s entirely possible that their concepts of territory differ dramatically from our own.”

Edit 4 -

Another one from OoTD

“Human individuality, the family unit: such quaint concepts. She is more than capable of understanding them. Like me, She recognises their irrelevance.”

- Quote is a human talking. ‘She’ is an Oresrian.
Last edited: Jun 17, 2019
Reactions:
Midian Cabal, Han_Zen and [Diplomacy] Carnegie