Q Hung
Q
Jun 18, 2019
#9,017
CmdrRexOdin said:
Maybe this is old new but I'm curious if anyone has investigated.

To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!
— Alleged toast of the Dark Whee

So i researched ancient myths and found the egyptian goddess "hathor" mother of the universe. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hathor
Notice her "crown"
Shes often depicted as bull, and icons show her birthing stars and the galaxiy. bull representation
We know her as the constellation taurus. That star in the middle of her horns- the crab nebula, an eccentric pulsar. Maybe it has a way to reach raxxla?? idk. So I'm on my way to investigate it now. 136 jumps one way fml. Im not much of a long distance explorer, more combat and mining. So hopefully I make it before getting bored.
Whats given me drive tho, is that i decided to investigate the lower region of taurus first. Its right next to the bubble. When I was in lower taurus. I came across the Ain system. Which strangely had an unregistered comm. It directs you to an INRA base in the same region. I'll return to that region to keep investigating if the crab nebula comes up nil.

Has anyone investigated taurus or the crab nebula (i know ppl have been there) as a location or means to jump to raxxla?
Click to expand...

I was just there, did a complete survey, came up empty. I wholeheartedly encourage you to go do your own research in Crab, and also to read this thread:

The Search for Gan Romero
Good morning all, I'm off to find Gan Romero. I know it's a fool's errand, but I have a hunch. It's clear that Gan is not simply deluded. Who is calling him and what he is delivering are the real question. New Krait MkII, 37.15Ly range with no guardian FSB. Enough materials for 19 75%...
forums.frontier.co.uk

Just did the Bubble Nebula also, I've seen it referenced here in the last day or so. I'm happy to answer questions, though I didn't find much.

Q
Reactions:
Midian Cabal