Exekrator
Oct 25, 2021
#24,607
Jorki Rasalas said:
Yep, I reported that asteroid belt at centre of Sol bug back circa 2016!
And no Pulse Wave Analyser until quite late in the game. I think Raxxla is difficult to find but has always been findable.

My latest hypothesis has been in Sirius:
permit locked!

Jewel on brow->Sirius (brightest star in the night sky & high overhead in UK!),

whisperer in witch-space (Sirius Corp FSD expertise, planet Lucifer, Lucifer whispered to Eve, Lucifer & witchcraft)

siren of deepest void (the abyss is an unfathomably deep or boundless place, the underworld, Hell, & Satan whispered temptation to Eve. “In Paradise Lost, Satan falls from the heavenly spheres, plunging through nightmarish limbo for nine days, and landing in the depths of Hell”)

Lucifer (the morning star, the planet Venus (associated with (!) Ishtar, Inanna’s descent into Underworld (MB tattoo?)), “light-bringing”, son of Aurora “the Dawn”)

And the codex logo could represent Lucifer covered by cables to gather energy from the NS, while the hexagonal dotted line and centre circle could represent Marco Gwent’s engineer base. Looked closely at Gwent’s base. Looked in the large craters on Lucifer, scanned Lucifer and Waypoint. Searched around the centre (omphalos=hub) of rotation of Sirius.











But sadly nothing to report!
Click to expand...
Exekrator said:
Well, it is a valid option to check every inch of the solar system. But I don't think that's the solution, I still think that some kind of trigger needs to be activated to start the Raxxla plot. It could be any system.

Do you want some tinfoil? Why Sol? Why not Sirius?

-Sirius is locked by a permit, any casual gamer couldn't randomly discover Raxxla.

-Sirius is the headquarters of the oldest mega-corporation in the game, why did they choose this place and not another? It only contains two planets and their names are very suspicious: Lucifer and Waypoint. A waypoint to where or what?

-Sirius Corporation are the creators of the new FSD for all ships, perhaps they had access to extraterrestrial technology (RAXXLA).

-Sirius has anomalies when flying within the system with the message "Frame Shift Drive operating beyond safety limits".

-Sirius, in spanish is written "Sirio", changing the letters you get Oisir (OISIR-RAXXLA from the book The Alien World)

-The photo from the Chandra X-ray observatory shows Sirius B suspiciously shaped like a hexagon.

Many systems seem to have some secrets, I don't think we will ever find anything without some kind of clue.
Click to expand...
I told you long ago that Sirius was a suspect ...