Jorki Rasalas
Nov 27, 2020
#19,847
simulacrae said:
Hi Jorki - ya filthy IRL been keeping me busy

Here is the timeline I put together https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/page-501#post-7922733

Yup- there was an article in Galnet on 24 May 3301 that has since been expunged... It indicated that there was a meeting between Halsey and Mahon on 78 Ursae Majoris ... after which Halsey makes a change in the flight plan and heads to Azaleach... And gets blown up in route.

Good to have you back mate! RL is a pain. Did you draw up a Starship One route diagram??
Thanks, good to have that confirmed. Wonder why it was expunged?? Perhaps The Club have friends in Cambridge? Perhaps the knowledge of that meeting was too sensitive?

And I wonder what Mahon said to Halsey to cause her secret diversion to Azaleach???

Edit: but it explains the two galnet comments that it was strange & bizarre that she was visiting 78 Ursae Majoris. It was a hot date!
So what would the Alliance Prime Minister have to say to the Fed President for her to go off suddenly on a secret mission to Azaleach??? What was there? And was she killed (I strongly suspect by The Club) because of that meeting? Did Mahon have knowledge about the UA/TS that Fed military were retrieving (on behalf of The Club?) and taking (somewhere) but about which she had been kept in the dark by Admiral Vincent? We know The Club have greater knowledge of Thargoids than general populace, the Alliance are rumoured to have had some dealings with goids in the past (Out of The Darkness?), perhaps The Club killed her to keep their Thargoid-related activities secret?

Edit: ah, 15May3301-78 Ursae Majoris, after leaving the Federation, joined the Alliance. Makes a little more sense why Halsey & Mahon might have met, but not what was said/reason for route change.
Timing of route change & sabotage: 26May3301 “Two days ago, Navy Command received word that the President would be taking an unscheduled detour to Azaleach. Her reasons as to why remain classified.”

“12 hours ago, following entry into hyperspace, Spaceflight One went dark. All attempts by the President’s security team to trace the vessel have met with failure.”
Last edited: Nov 28, 2020
Reactions:
simulacrae, [PS4] Filthymick420 and CMDR Zulu