Jorki Rasalas
Nov 27, 2020
#19,841
CMDR Zulu said:
Just some additional tinfoil to go along with this great write up. The announcement of Starship One taking an unscheduled detour for classified purposes was released in the one or two articles immediately following its disappearance. Hopefully this article links properly.

Galnet News | Elite Dangerous Community Site
community.elitedangerous.com

The timing of the article is very precise. I’m not sure if this emphasis on the time frame is indicative of a potential window of opportunity or not but interesting nonetheless. This is also where the unscheduled detour to Azaleach for classified reasons is mentioned.

Something that may or may not mean anything, the jump to Azaleach and the fact that Halsey’s sister is named Azalea. It could be something as simple as Halsey wanted to see a system named similarly to her sister hence the detour but why make that reason classified if that was the case?

This next bit of info is complete rumor and hearsay but I read that Rogue planets used to be implemented back in an Alpha and they’d rip you out of hyperspace if you jumped too close to one’s gravity well while going from system A to system B and a rogue was between the two locations before that mechanic was changed. Is this what really happened to Starship One?

Also the reporter that killed herself was not the only mysterious death around this time frame. At least one, maybe more, experts on the disappearance of The Highliner Antares met unfortunate deaths after Starship One went missing just as they were going to aid in the new disappearance, unless I’m misremembering.

Lastly, I distinctly remember an early dev video showing a dev jumping directly to a planet, not a star, not sure if it was shared here or elsewhere but I definitely think I’ll be taking some time to try to dig it up again.

Edit: I also forgot this: The original person of interest regarding Starship One’s potential sabotage is not the same suspect in the latest articles. Not sure if it means anything and I don’t have my easily searchable archive site anymore to find the articles mentioning the guys.
Click to expand...

I’m still trying to find details of the unscheduled diversion “unnamed for security reasons”. The Wiki (https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Starship_One) has a useful summary of the events timeline. There’s a post (https://community.elitedangerous.com/galnet/uid/0c300d048550511dd1b7f24b1a1ab80edb567099) about 78 Ursae Majoris which says the visit there was strange, there had been unrest there until quite recently and Halsey wasn’t welcome. The post (https://community.elitedangerous.com/galnet/uid/fbfb919f69da401c72e062a8165c8e6fcc348180) of 06 May 3301 gives 10 of the destinations and says another dozen were expected to be added.

Cant find anything so far about the secret diversion, other than (26 MAY 3301) the destruction occured shortly after start of the jump to Azaleach which was unscheduled.

Edit: just did another search. Someone on the forum pointed out that “The accident happened shortly after halsey met Mahon, after which she announced a deviation from the planned route.” Seems likely that meeting was relevant.
Last edited: Nov 27, 2020
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, 3navis, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person