Jorki Rasalas
Nov 27, 2020
#19,844
Han_Zen said:
I don't think there was anything else on Galnet. The plan was to go to Saga. The report of the detour to Azaleach, came after SS1 went missing.

Though I’m convinced that I remember a diagram, possibly by Simulacrae ( where is he? Not heard from him for a while!) of the route and diversion.

Rereading the events timeline I’m thinking it was all about politics; we know Starship One was sabotaged, the loss was nothing to do with a hypothesised encounter with a rogue planet or Raxxla. Suspect Vincent ordered the sabotage at the instigation of Zachary Hudson who I suspect is a member of the Club (probably both of them). However Winters is also suspect (another Club member?). Don’t understand why Halsey would have had any reason for a secret diversion (to Azaleach?) after talking with Edmund Mahon (edit: I haven’t found any confirmation of this meeting yet). Only thing I can find on him around that time is
11 MAR 3301
During The War for Lugh, Mahon refused to aid the Crimson State Group when they asked for assistance in their fight against the Federation. The reason he gave was that Lugh was legally ruled by the Federation, hence the Crimson State Group did not rule a functioning independent state.

Edit: another item talks about her “bizarre choice to visit 78 Ursae Majoris (a system which overwhelmingly voted to leave the Federation nearly two months ago)”. This is twice that this destination was noted in galnet posts as a “strange” and “bizarre” destination. But I don’t understand why! it would be logical for her to show publicly an interest in such a system-28April 3301 “The purported aim of the trip is to build stronger links between Sol and its many offspring. For years, Federal frontier systems have complained that the Mars Congress has consistently failed to provide adequate support for fledgling Federal colonies.”

Think this is a red herring in the Quest for Raxxla! (Or rogue planets!). Nothing to see here, move along please!
Last edited: Nov 27, 2020
Reactions:
simulacrae, [PS4] Filthymick420 and Vetinari