Garand1987
G
Dec 13, 2019
#14,020
Darth Ender said:
since raxxla is not known to any powers, much less the dark wheel, it seems that raxxla would not be in a populated system.

It will probably be close to the bubble but it would almost certainly be a non-populated system. Probably not in a scoopable star system (since those tend to get populated). Seems like brown dwarf systems would be the best candidates. Little value to powers, so little interest in extensive exploration, easily passed over by most players since they're not scoopable and tend to be unpopulated.

If raxxla was a megaship of alien origin instead of a planet, and was only described as such after many word of mouth retellings, (and nothing that's been mentioned by fdev would negate it being actually a megaship instead of a planet) then it would be easy to hide raxxla in asteroid belts. Something few if any players take the time to investigate and there are so many of them.

If i wanted to hide something in the game for potentially forever, i'd hide it in an asteroid field around some forgettable dwarf star system for sure.


edit: though if it was a megaship, i guess we'd have had people discover the textures since it seems like it would be unique.
Click to expand...
I’d have to agree with you I’d be astonished if Raxxla turned up in an inhabited system or in a system likely to draw attention.
I would assume however, that Raxxla and TDW are likely to be in/near bubble or in a constellation or in/near a nebula.
so far, as far as we know, FDev haven’t been so cruel as to hide something noteworthy or gameplay related in some nondescript far flung, in the middle of nowhere part of the galaxy yet. The FR, Colonia, Conflux, Thargoids, Generation Ships etc so far have been in or around these things so as to give us at least some idea where to look for things even if it’s still a massive undertaking to look through them.
that being their MO I’d have to assume that pattern applies to Raxxla and TDW
Reactions:
3navis and [PS4] Filthymick420