drew
Sep 27, 2021
#24,316
Jorki Rasalas said:
I’ve also pinged Drew Wagar on FB Messenger asking if he can clarify whether TDW are the secret society we were supposed to be able to join, since he’s the only author that wrote anything substantial about TDW, and also has one of his characters say the Shinrarta faction is a front (implying there are hidden depths to TDW that we need to resolve), also no response.

Hi Jorki, apologies, I didn't see the message I'm afraid, or I missed it. EIther way, apologies!

In the lore I was given prior to 2017 (ie. when i was writing Premonition) it was stated that the faction in Shinrarta Dezhra was indeed a front. Whether it was a front put up by the real TDW to deflect interest away from the real TDW, or that faction was a bunch of chancers simply trading on the name wasn't made clear.

I got my character to imply that the former was the case because I thought it was much more interesting (and in-line with older 1984 era lore and comments from Felicity Farseer that stated that TDW was very much on the ball with dealing with people who tried to steal their identity). However, there wasn't any more lore to work with at the time, so I had to leave it ambiguous. Dark Wheel stuff was mostly "off limits" and reserved for Fdev to develop - though the stuff that later appeared in the Codex didn't seem all that related to the stuff I'd been working from in 2016 - ( ie. Lyta Crane and the eighth moon/gas giant stuff was newly written for the Codex).

I don't know if that lore was developed post 2017 I'm afraid - I suspect it was a victim of the retconning in 2017. Obviously that's since been subsumed by the "Turning the wheel" initiative and this very thread ... which has given Fdev the opportunity to develop that in response to player actions. As to whether Fdev have created more detailed lore in this area...

... Your guess is as good as mine.

Cheers,

Drew.
Last edited: Sep 27, 2021
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, Comandante, yelboc and 10 others