Jorki Rasalas
Sep 25, 2021
#24,304
Emperor said:
I've been thinking... You set out on an adventure to discover the galaxy and you stumble across Raxxla and then carelessly lose it again.

Where would be some of the first places you'd head for..... I'd probably head somewhere you'd seen planets outside our solar system...

So I've been looking at the discoveries in a timeline for exoplanets by NASA and started visiting the systems (haven't gotten very far yet!)... The nearest required a permit (Van Maanen's star and discredited discovery too but what the hell!) so that took a while and the next (Alrai) was an interesting system with a nice massive dying star and seen some nice scenery already.... But nothing of Raxxla interest so far...

However the first discovery of extra solar planets was in PSR J1300+1240... Which is 2K LY from Sol but a bit tricky to get there as it's above the galactic plane.... I was wondering if anyone else has suggested this avenue before or been to J1300+1240?


....just a thought
Click to expand...

Mmm, it sounds as though you’re assuming Raxxla is a planet. We actually have no evidence for that assumption, other than the old (& possibly retconned?) statement in Holdstock’s original TDW novella that it was a planet on which was an alien construct, a gateway to other universes...the wandering planet hypothesis is from Drew Wagars fan-fiction, and while it’s a good read it is not canon lore for ED.

The trouble with that hypothesis is that Raxxla logically should have been accessible from the gamma release, long before Horizons when pilots could finally land on planets. So, either you assume that Raxxla was not intendd to be accessible at the outset (I find that difficult to swallow, it breaks an unwritten agreement between game producer and players that mysteries should be soluble; I don’t think Michael Brookes, as an author, would have accepted that), or that Raxxla is not actually on the planet, so it might be a station orbiting the planet (in which case why do you need a planet?), or perhaps that the gateway to Raxxla is the Omphalos Rift, which is mentioned in the Codex in such a seemingly clumsy way that it must be significant.

So I suspect we need to find the Omphalos Rift to get to Raxxla. It might be anything, but to my mind is associated with an astronomical body (that fits with the original Obfuscated on the Outer Rim elite mission phrasing “...information on a certain celestial body,you know the one I mean. Place that isn't a place, door that is also the key. The myth."” ). That body may be an exoplanet, but then it might just as likely (to my mind more so-what brought the aliens to Sol who left the Mars Artefact?) be an asteroid orbiting within Sol. Whatever it is, it is not easy to find. There must be a storyline means to reach it (Michael Brookes quote), which presumably is via the DW faction, somehow.

The toast is likely a clue, or set of clues that is relevant, we need to solve them. The logo is also a clue, to my mind it suggests an asteroid in Sol (see my previous “Raxxla in Sol” hypothesis posts).
Last edited: Sep 25, 2021
Reactions:
simulacrae