yelboc
May 4, 2023
#30,274
Rochester said:
Yes how true. And for context it is healthy to constantly remind ourselves of such an enigma as a control mechanism, it does enable us to widen our perspective.

Our acceptance on the existence of Raxxla being in game, is primarily based upon just this - acceptance that any series of arbitrary statements are in fact accurate.

First we must ask ourselves why would they refrain from confirmation of accessibility, but also think about this temporally, because things change over time, there is also context we may not be privy to.

DB stated at one point in time, it was in game. He could have meant it was narrative, so in game but not yet.

MB stated it was in game and had a location. He could have meant it was narrative, so in game but not yet.

The DW Missions may have tied to DB and MB statements, it may not have resolved into anything, they could have been a red herring, or they were environmental storytelling, linked to a narrative not yet written or a narrative long since dropped or paused.

AT statements about it being out there and the pay off being large are neither here nor there but as likely narrative.

BG hypothetical statements are neither here nor there.

AT confirmed FD has a modus operandi of narratively gating content.

All other statement’s are ultimately third hand and likewise the codex might only just be retroactive narrative foreshadowing.

FD may refuse to comment not out of fear of us finding it, because we are already looking, but maybe because it will undermine their planned narrative objectives; it might affirm their history of poor PR communication.

This is an unsatisfactory conclusion primarily because it paints FD in a bad light, showing they care little of players, allowing them to waste time tipping at windmills. Or it identifies they have a naive appreciation of the player base and are exploitative and capitalistic.

*edited: equally FD statements could have just been myth building, which ultimately was taken out of context.

The only positive statements are in my opinion are as follows and these are focused on being relative in time:

The existence of the codex is simply by its existence affirmation it is in game, simply because it provides new information never before seen. To insert such a thing is counterintuitive if false, and technically false advertising.

This content itself correlates (I accept hypothetically) to in game locations and when critically analysed against many of the third hand information, still accepting it may be unreliable, overall paints an interesting picture of something being in game.

This paints a more positive picture, and allows the possibility that FD sees Raxxla as a really cool and potentially big Easter egg which when found may or may not change something’s. This is additionally attractive because it gives the impression FD has resolve in sticking to their guns and has honour in holding such content back because they want the players to have this…

We have to admit there is a lot of evidence that points to it being potentially narratively gated, but equally it may not. Ultimately it’s a 50/50 maybe it is maybe it isn’t.

That’s why I quest to test these theories to ascertain where our resources are best placed, lest we end up wasting our time tipping at windmills. But I accept to some people that’s their idea of fun. It also has allowed me to shape my own play style and give certain actions additional meaning, especially within a game with limitations, maybe that’s FD objective too?
Click to expand...
On the whole, wise words indeed. I'm slightly less positive about the codex. On the plus side, its the only in game reference to Raxxla ever, in any version of Elite, which is interesting, but on the other hand it gives nothing concrete at all. It does nothing to close things down - the opposite, in fact, as every line is open to many interpretations - maybe that's what they were hoping, to create a massive distraction field of possibilities.

The toast in particular - I'm sure it's not a map at all, but just flavour for what Raxxla means to TDW and why they are so obsessed about it. It fits with dark wheel history.

So we are no better off than when it was published, seems to me.
Reactions:
Rochester, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and JT442