SongOfTheVoid
Nov 25, 2022
#28,039
Comandante said:
Please, this thread is about Raxxla and the search for it and it's whereabouts. I like to come here to watch this thread and find out about the interesting things the experts here like to chat about.

I am beginning to find your replies to others off-topic for the purposes of this thread.

Either (A) speak to FD directly about your concerns, (B) open a new thread about 'editing game files/datamining/hacking/memory addresses' or whatever your claims are or (C) interact directly with other users via personal messages provided by this forum that you appear to have a problem with. Best of all, (D) just discuss the search for Raxxla.
1) I had already rediverted the thread numerous times do please read up
2) Weak attempts to support your friends cause are obvious but again, I dont care about people or feelings I will call out wrongdoing whenever I see it and dont care if others want to play 'see, hear and speak no evil..'
3) Correct this thread is about finding things ingame, within the rules and framework of the game.
4) Interesting your concern was with the thread matter yet you jumped in with some non-value-input post instead of doing as even myself and others have done numerous times attempted to actually post something back on topic... This glaring fact undoes the fake motive of your entire post and is offered as nothing more than proof of my 2nd point listed here....
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Interesting you mentioned that because there is a game mechanic for that to work. In GalMap, there is an option to display constellation lines. It is a function that really only works in the core of the Bubble (~100 LY max from Sol). The big constellations are also part of the Frameshift Suite music for the game.

View attachment 333831

If you don't have the game's soundtrack, it is amazing and well worth the listen - playlist on YouTube is here: Elite Dangerous OST playlist.

Yeh the soundtrack is good it has to be said, Also I think people shouldnt put so much attention on Sol all the time we have no reason to think thats its important other than human vanity, take for example the clue of the Sirens deepest Void this could refer to many celestial objects including lack of objects in cases of actual voids...It could also refer to for example a Void or a Gap in a Signal...

Even if for example you find the 'Jewel that burns' even at that stage your now looking at a new skybox your perspective of the stars you can see will be different so unless you follow the steps in the right order you could never perceive the next true location.

Sailors in the old days who used Astrolabes would probably have had a easier time putting the links together and visualising it in their minds eye than the majority of people today who are unfamiliar with old technologies and sciences.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian