octred
O
Dec 18, 2023
#32,619
Jorki Rasalas said:
One obvious application where DB's saying (IF he actually ever did so!!!) that 'several commanders searching together for Raxxla might stand a better chance' would be if it were hidden in a planetary belt. That would fit with Will's EXO asteroid mining vid comment, it could also fit “And fast by, hanging in a golden chain, This pendent world, in bigness as a star Of smallest magnitude, close by the moon" ... (I hinted yesterday that if we're applying poetical standards then "golden chain" might mean something else, & I was thinking of a planetary belt).
Please note that the word is "pendent" not "pendant"! i.e. adjective meaning "hanging" not a noun "jewel", but then poetry is extremely flexible!!!
The "golden chain":


This is called the Catena Aurea Homeri, or the Golden Chain of Homer.
It comes from a Renaissance alchemical text of the same name, edited by Anton Josef Kirchweger. The text is a simple, almost modern introduction to the processes of alchemy (the first part can be found online), the intent of which is to produce the Quintessence:


From the sky it comes,
To the sky it rises,
and down to Earth it must come again,
eternally changing.

A cross over a circle combined, set over a circle with a point in it. The cross over a circle is the traditional symbol for Earth (as is the quartered circle), representing the precedence of matter (cross) over spirit (circle). This is placed over the symbol for the Sun, the source of all light and Light, the representative of God in the planets. Matter takes place over God, a confusion of process and manifestation. Chaos.
A circle with a line connecting its top vertex to its center. The line represents the active, divine spirit descending from God into matter, but the process is incomplete. Vital essence without a basis, pure Mercury. Spiritual form needing though yet without body.
A circle with a line passing through its vertical diameter. The process of spirit has completed penetrating matter. This is also the alchemical symbol for niter, also called nitrogen in modern chemistry, an essential vital substance that descends in the air from spirit. This is spirit that has a body. The masculine essence, light, the Logos, the active agent, also called Sulfur.
A circle with a line passing through its horizontal diameter. Spirit, having fully penetrated matter, now starts to become penetrated by matter. This symbol is also the alchemical symbol for salt, the essence of stability and solidity, the pure matter used in alchemical processes. The female essence, darkness, the Anima Mundi, the passive agent.
A quartered circle, also called the Sun Cross or Sun Wheel. Matter has become totally permeated by spirit, and spirit by matter. Niter and salt united. Life in its totality and the union of material and spiritual forces. Mankind. The primary substance of all things that are manifested. The prime material that can be worked in any direction for any purpose, the basis for Azoth.
A circle with a line passing through its horizontal diameter and a line from its top vertex to its center. Life, having become the complete union of matter and spirit, of salt and niter, now begins retracting itself from matter in its entirety. The animal world that mankind separates himself from and rises above. Volatile forces.
A circle with a line passing through its horizontal diameter and a vertical line passing through the horizontal line not connected to the outer circle. The rise of mankind to higher states of spirituality, not grounded by matter though still a part of it. The plant world that mankind separates himself though makes use of.
A circle with a line passing through its horizontal diameter and a line from its bottom vertex to its center. The attainment of the Great Work, or of eternal life, by mankind, allowing himself to abide within the world of matter though not being a part of it anymore. Freedom from material darkness. The mineral world that mankind separates himself though rests upon.
A circle with a line from its bottom vertex to its center. Mankind begins the process of returning to his primordial state and reunion with God, retracting himself from the world of matter entirely, leaving behind the spheres of manifestation to return to the divine Source. Pure spiritual essence, broken down into its most basic state, extracted from chaos. Spiritual form without need for a body.
A circle with a point in it, set over a cross under a circle combined. This represents God (Sun, circle with central point) set over matter (circle and cross, but inverted to show Venus); matter has become completely at peace and subject to the rule of spirit, a state of divine love between Above and Below. The return of mankind to God, the conjunction and reunion with the divine Source, the goal of the wise, the Quintessence, the Stone of the Philosophers.
Last edited: Dec 18, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae, Rochester and Hanerib