Louis Calvert
Dec 18, 2023
#32,613
OK, just thinking about the rest of the Codex now too. Follow up to my post here.

Several versions of the Raxxla story mention an alien artefact, the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed. These details however, were later shown to bear a striking resemblance to the children's story Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars, and soon lost credibility.

omphalos "the centre or hub of something"
The centre of the Galaxy fits with my prior posts about "an area of space, not black but radiant". It's the Omphalos of the Galaxy.

Before it was renamed in the Codex: "Cynthia Sideris, former head of Omphalos Infotech, chose the name Universal Cartographics to reflect the company's policy of making its data accessible to anyone who was willing to pay for it." UC is the map of the Galaxy. That links Omphalos with the galactic map (maybe renamed because it was thought too obvious?)

Princess Astrophel might be a story about an astronomer like Vera Rubin (for example), who pioneered work on galaxy rotation rates. By identifying the galaxy rotation problem, her work provided evidence for the existence of dark matter. You might describe her story as "Female Star-Lover and the Spiralling Stars", for example. Either way, Spiralling Stars is a way to describe the galaxy, and as much as we've tried, not much else (in-game at least).

Also, tying on other theories people have had about this: Jaques... Colonia has made visiting the core easier, and the development of Colonia (and the highway) almost certainly contributed to more folks more easily heading hub-wards.

Just reviewing my shortlist of posts and saw this from Han_Zen back in 2018, this is actually before the Codex fully dropped, so a very early theory there:
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-7169964
I think we should be heading towards the core.

I ED we know of three events involving hyperspace failure. Antares, Spaceship 1 and Jacques station.

Antares was going from Sirius to an unknown system. The wreckage was found in Luyten 205-128. Almost straight towards the core of the galaxy.
Starship 1 was going from Furuhjelm I-645 to Azaleach, when it blew up. Towards the core.
Jacques was going from Gliese 1269 to Beagle Point. Also directly towards the galaxy core.

Hints from the codex:
1. To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies.
2. Cora.
3. Omphalos (navel of the world)
Click to expand...

Honestly, this seems pretty compelling too. Not sure if any of those directions were challenged, but if they're right, then.. well that's cool

A while back I asked ChatGPT to interpret Toast:
1. "To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!"
- Interpretation: This could refer to a highly luminous celestial object at the center of the galaxy, such as a supermassive black hole or a unique star system. The "mother of galaxies" might symbolize the central hub or origin point of the galactic structure.
The phrase "mother of galaxies" is a poetic and metaphorical expression that adds a sense of grandeur and significance to the toast. In the context of the toast from the Raxxla Codex in Elite Dangerous, "mother of galaxies" likely refers to a central or foundational point within the galaxy. Here are a few interpretations:

1. Galactic Core or Center: The term may allude to the central region of the galaxy, which is often associated with a high concentration of stars and stellar activity. The core of a galaxy is considered a crucial and dynamic area, making it a potential candidate for the "mother of galaxies."

If this theory is right (or close to), then this has essentially covered the entire Codex (other than who might current control Raxxla). It's covered the Toast, the Omphalos, the Spiralling Stars, the Tau Ceti 2296 reference...

My current working idea is that maybe the Raxxla logo itself is some clue as to how to actually find Raxxla (or the source of the Lanscape Signal), or whatever we need to do.. but I've no ideas yet at all. Maybe it simply represents the Galaxy again?



I assume I'm definitely not the first to connect all these dots but it's pretty fun, and I've no better ideas. Corewards-ho! Back to the Landscape Expedition!

Edit: Just thought too. The Landscape signal is triangulated currently to a location between stars... a place that isn't a place, eh? XD Mr. Brookes, would you have really done that? hehe.
Last edited: Dec 20, 2023
Reactions:
Adel