Beng_Ammon
B
Jan 28, 2019
#5,529
Some misconceptions in thread I might be able to clear up.


Numbered Stations

SOME stations are numbered. Not all stations have IDs on the front of the station. We have been told 2 things about these numbered stations:

1: We should be writing them down. Told be DB in a PS magazine interview.

2: That these numbers relate to the star port, and the star its located.


That's odd.

So we have a mapping system, and Numbered system?

This plays in line with the theory that Raxxla won't be something you can target from the Universal Cartographics map. but Why? Because the Universal Cartographis was a formation between two companies, one called Omphalos Infotech. By someone that has a long heritage line, like what the Dark wheel usually has for it's members.

I have written down about 20. I am working on a pattern, but i think I'll need close to ~50 to really start disseminating it.

Greek and Roman Mythology

Whoa guys. The reason we are finding so many greek things in space is well... that's what they were named 1000s of years ago. So as you disseminate a story, and go through the stars....that's exactly what the story is built into...of course it matches!


Any crazy inclusions of greek stories, if these stars are actually included (rhea, cass, delphi, etc), is probably a multi step list of things to do, and we don't have enough clues to even begin surmising a path of events yet. We still need to find what to start looking for
Like most of the other mysteries in this game I believe:

Everything can be found in game.

1: the intro image is a clue, we have two clues (horizons and regular start menu image).

why: "Siren of the deepest void" Sirens are real, and the sign of them are cliffs or sharp ridges...interestingly like the images on the start menu.
AND
And early lead dev said something like "includes a path every pilot has to take..."

Well the only thing that every pilot sees, are the start screens, and the mysterious benefactors from the game manual. (probably 'The club')

Every other mystery was found in game besides the tools used to disseminate some clues (the spectragraph for the thargoids).

I believe we have had some clues since the start, but the riddles in the Codex entry are also clues.

Delphi

This is related to Aegis and The Club. The Club is notorious for using the Greek mythology for it's doings.

Cassiopeia

I really don't believe this is some clue to deep dive some weird poem book, and then find some weird missing brother of the cousin of some ancient god mythos story, and that they followed that to place a symbol of immense lore of a game.

I DO think that the constellation Cassiopeia is what is referred in the toast, but i think this just gives creedence that the dark wheel are making this toast from a planet that Cassiopeia still resembles Cassiopeia, strengthening that the dark wheel is in the bubble, or on the edge of the bubble somewhere.

I do not think Raxxla itself is near the bubble. Or, not in the way we think it is.

My main theories that I believe need to be investigated:

The starting image

Which stations have numbers on the entry port, and which system/planet do they orbit. (we are looking for a pattern)

8th moon of some gas giant. This planet has a lot of ridges in at least one area of the planet. Deep ridges like this can be seen from FSS. I think we are looking for an O, B, or A class star, probably B. and it probably has at least 2 blue stars in the system.

El Dorado is mentioned twice in the Codex. As is 'Omphalos' Once for Raxxla, and once for the Alliance entries. I think somethign is in the listing of the myths "Atantis, El Dorado, and the kingdom of Prester John"

No, I don't think we can find anything by going to the two "Doradus" stars, but they were mentioned for a reason, and the obscure prester john reference...I don't think anything is in the story for those, I think they listed them to key on things to pay attention to in game. There might be an installation data log somewhere that references one of those.

We aren't finding it mainly by using eddb or edsm.

The dark wheel, and its planet system is probably not mapped/discovered. It's probably hidden from the honk, and you will have to fly towards an empty looking second/third star, only to discover a gas giant with 8 moons.

why?

The deepest void, and the dark wheel has the notion of "keeping it in the family". I don't think they are "the club", but i think they control Universal Cartographics (the other "Omphalos" mention in the Codex), and therefore is not findable the traditional way. from the codex on Universal Cartograhics, "enhanced security systems...to ensure correct data on scanned systems" or something like that. How are they going to "verify" Raxxla/dark wheel if dark wheel has spent 1000 years being masters at hiding?

I think we use those tools to narrow down systems that have o,b,a stars with a secondary blue star that is far from the entry point. but I don't think anyone has found the gas giant containing the moon yet.
Reactions:
Armstrong