Eckee
Jan 28, 2019
#5,521
Han_Zen said:
I've been tying to look in to the mythological stories of the past and the hints and names used in ED, to possibly find a common link.

My assumption is that the most ancient human myths are a result of alien interferens, in the distant past. Probably som 10-15 thousand years ago.
Humans at that time would not have fully understood what they experienced or were told by aliens. Hence the myths and religions were created and modified over millennia.

Common for the oldest myths is the mother goddess that creates the universe. Often in the form of an egg. These goddesses are usually likened to bees. Particularly the queen bee.

Neith, Demeter, Cybele, Artemis and many others are seen as bees in some of their aspects. The oldest mother goddess sculptures, often feature a beehive as headgear.

I Greece the priestesses in Delphi were called Melissae(Bees).


"Within a fragment of the Orphic poetry, quoted by Natalis Comes, Melitta is spoken of as a hive, and called Seira, or the hive of Venus:

Let us celebrate the hive of Venus, who rose from the sea: that hive of many names: the mighty fountain, from whence all kings are descended; from whence all the winged and immortal Loves were again produced."

Seira is believed to refer to Demeter.

The second tempel in Delphi was supposedly built by bees, from wings and bees wax. The Omphalos stone it self, is modeled on a beehive.

Another strange common element between different ancient religions, is the belief that bees arise spontaneously form the decomposed carcass of bulls. This is so deeply rooted in tradition that the honey bee carries the same name as the sacred bull in Egyptian mythology. Apis.



It's a strange belief, as bees don't go near rotting flesh. Cavities like skulls may have attracted bees to build hives though.


Could this mean that bee like aliens have messed with humanity, in the distant past of Elite history? Does it fit with the galaxy we live in?

I think it fits rater well. Thargoids are insectoid. Often refereed to as ants. Ants and bees are cousins. They are originally both wasps. Bees are wasps that became vegetarians and ants are wasps that stoppe flying(most of the time).

We know Thargoids have the habit of modifying existing life forms, for their own needs. They are rumored to be parasitic in their nymph stage and metaphorically they come from the bull, as they arrive in our part of the galaxy, thru Taurus.

There is common symbolism in imagery between:







Other hints:

- Siren song is often likened to the humming of bees.
- We have one robotic avian in ED. The rare comodity, Volkhab Bee Drones.
- The Rare commodity at Dea Motrona(mother goddess), is Motrona Experience Jelly. Royal jelly from bees were often used in intoxicating drinks used in religious practices.
-

Something going on in the Galaxy or just coincidences?
Click to expand...


Your ideas are always enjoying to read whether they are true or not. Raxxla’s story will be less satisfying then yours imo but I just hope from you FDev would learn a thing or two!
Reactions:
Han_Zen