Rochester
Jun 29, 2024
#34,359
Louis Calvert said:
View attachment 396077View attachment 396076
That's certainly similar to the larger/leftmost on this pic section of the garden. Obviously it could be many other things, and it could be just some shapes that fit well, it could represent a crescent moon or any number of occult symbols, etc., but let's assume it's an homage to Paradise Lost for now because I can well believe that might be the case. Lets also ignore the fact that there are several other googleable illustrations of the Miltonian Cosmos that don't look like that garden too, lets also ignore the rest of the garden that doesn't fit with this theory too, for simplicity.

Most importantly, and this for me is key to this idea being even vaguely valid:

How does this make sense in-universe?

We know that Brookes was into the lore and narrative of the game, it was clearly a heavy focus of a lot of his work. We could go so far as to say that Raxxla is in itself a piece of deep lore embedded into the game by someone who loved the lore and narrative and wanted to honour as much of it as possible while updating it into Elite Dangerous (I believe Allen Stroud said something similar a while back when he was telling us about the process he was involved in with translating and integrating older game lore.)

In this case, is the narrative that... ? I'm sure someone will try to suggest that the Orisi-Raxxla upside-down pyramid Talmor Lenses when translated to station interiors look like that garden, that's why there's one in every Tourist station, right? ...

...But in all seriousness, I'm not sure any of you have talked about the reason a clue to Raxxla would be represented in every Tourist station in the bubble in the form of one specific garden that looks a bit like one specific illustration from an ancient book.

So what's the narrative lore here that makes this garden make sense as a clue?
Click to expand...

The question as to if this makes sense in game is a rather wide one.

We simply don’t know.

One hypothesis is that Brookes has replicated his ‘Space in between’ story in game.

In that concept, the universe was not created by a human god theologically, but was acutely constructed using the corpses of older gods, and before those a sort of Lovecraftian god actually was the progenitor.

This concept of building upon the corpses of fallen older gods might make sense game. Because there are a plethora of systems all named after deities and when seen as a whole they form a tight bubble around Sol, then a higher up plateau and another lower down.

There is from my observation strata to this construct, eg lower down there are deities linked to death and the underworld; higher up those linked to higher or creation, around Sol those linked to water and storms. To a degree this is simular to Milton’s organisation of his model universe.

So yes if this observation is true then the garden design could be said to mirror this. Note I extrapolated this concept before seeing the garden design not visa versa.

So the logic could be the garden design was supposed to influence our perception to understand Milton’s universe, then look for it’s reflection in game, then orientate ourselves.. but we don’t know what was omitted from game that may / may not have supported this.

I also believe that if true, Brooke’s based the path of Jacques on the journey of Satan through this model, and that it corresponds. But only at a galactic stage, I see no granular evidence (apart from system naming) to back this up.

That too could have been another clue. I suspect also the story of Starship One, likewise was meant to inject similar awareness, but equally indirectly.

How does this make sense in game from the perspective of humans?

We don’t know, but it could be the objective explains that; one possibility is Raxxla, as hinted at in the Codex, is known and is under the control of someone, if that were the case then it influenced the naming of systems.

Maybe it’s a plot hole, maybe we are not supposed to understand and that’s been omitted on purpose, maybe there is no actual ‘resolution’ to the story, only more questions?

Maybe the ‘story’ is directly linked to Brookes ‘Spsce in between’.

In his public writings Brookes confirmed it existed as a first draft. He also noted he happened upon something which shifted his course (only alluded never confirmed); one might speculate this could mean he opted to write the book into the game! If that were true that could be ‘one’ possible explanation.

Another linked to the above could be alluded to via the codex, in that it might be of a ‘state of cosmic enlightenment’!

Information of absence Is not absence of information. If we look at this logically there is actually very little substantive evidence to confirm its existence, only circumstantial. Much of what is in game has to be weighed with FDs overarching modus operandi, which is ultimately narratively driven.

Logically the most practical outcome is that the element does not exist; or based on evidence provided, it was going to exist, but then removed, but may exist in the future.

But that’s with my real life head on, and that’s no fun; this is a game.

So if we accept FD partial statements to be affirmative, simply because they do not dismiss the concept, then that introduces the probability that it is in game. But we need to also accept our own biases towards such a concept. I calculated that to be a strong maybe - around <57% give or take.

The existence of other data in game may sway that probability higher but, these are all projections. I accept I know nothing about why any of this exists in game; all I do know is that much of what does exist in game - sometimes doesn’t actually make logical sense, because it’s a game, so the reasons for it existing may not be logical or simply out of our control or perception.

This is critical analysis, inside an information vacuum. We know nothing other than what is presented to us, so everything in game, hypothetically might be relevant; we need to have these discussions to assess is this true?

What is the ultimate objective? To play the game and blaze your own trail, this is role play and exploration, one crack pot idea may not lead someplace but it might give a Cmdr a reason to travel and see the sights.

Honestly, I don’t think trying to understand why some things exist in game will ultimately show us everything, it might, or it might not. Some things I have noted in game don’t make logical sense, and if they do it’s probably because the remaining information is withheld and can’t be observed right now?

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10281101
Last edited: Jun 29, 2024