Louis Calvert
Jun 28, 2024
#34,354

That's certainly similar to the larger/leftmost on this pic section of the garden. Obviously it could be many other things, and it could be just some shapes that fit well, it could represent a crescent moon or any number of occult symbols, etc., but let's assume it's an homage to Paradise Lost for now because I can well believe that might be the case. Lets also ignore the fact that there are several other googleable illustrations of the Miltonian Cosmos that don't look like that garden too, lets also ignore the rest of the garden that doesn't fit with this theory too, for simplicity.

Most importantly, and this for me is key to this idea being even vaguely valid:

How does this make sense in-universe?

We know that Brookes was massively into the lore and narrative of the game, it was clearly a heavy focus of a lot of his work. We could go so far as to say that Raxxla is in itself a piece of deep lore embedded into the game by someone who loved the lore and narrative and wanted to honour as much of it as possible while updating it into Elite Dangerous (I believe Allen Stroud said something similar a while back when he was telling us about the process he was involved in with translating and integrating older game lore.)

In this case, is the narrative that... Landscape Gardeners for the Brewer Corp all know where Raxxla is and are trying to tell us via the medium of their craft? I'm sure someone will try to suggest that the Orisi-Raxxla upside-down pyramid Talmor Lenses when translated to station interiors look like that garden, that's why there's one in every Tourist station, right? ...

...But in all seriousness, I'm not sure any of you have talked about the reason why a clue to Raxxla would be represented in every Tourist station in the bubble in the form of one specific garden that looks a bit like one specific illustration from an ancient book.

So what's the narrative lore here that makes this garden make sense as a clue?
Reactions:
Ataxia, Rochester and Neestar