Louis Calvert
Jun 29, 2024
#34,360
I've taken the liberty of summarising this idea then, based on what's been discussed here.

Idea: Michael Brookes (creator/implementer of Raxxla in-game), who cited Paradise Lost as 'the greatest story ever told', caused a version of an illustration of aspects of the cosmology referenced in that book to be the basis for one design of several to be included as gardens in the interior of Tourism stations. He did this because (for unspecified reasons) this is somehow related to Raxxla.

Here's the issues:
The 'Milton Garden' is only similar to one interpretation of the Miltonian Cosmos as described in Paradise Lost, there are many other illustrations which do not match the garden in question.
The 'Milton Garden' is one of several garden/park layouts that appear in Tourism stations - all of which feature circular designs and similar design language, but are not included in this discussion because they don't look like illustrations from one interpretation of Paradise Lost.
The 'Milton Garden' design is (generously) only about 1/3 of that one specific garden design, the rest could be anything or nothing.
There appears to be no other station interior of interest (because they don't contain "Milton Gardens") therefore suggesting that Tourism stations are somehow important, and yet:
There are thousands(hundreds?) of Tourism Stations with this internal layout across the Galaxy.
The locations of these stations seems irrelevant
Tourism Station interiors were added in October 2016 and therefore were not present at launch, this means they are less likely to have been an integral part of any specific Raxxla 'clues'.
After months of discussion of the "Milton Garden" it has provided no additional insights into the 'quest', with no-one agreeing what they mean or what they are for.
Even assuming that the gardens are definitely a clue, they give no further insight into any particular location, meaning or use.
After months of discussion it remains unclear whether it's actually even relevant at all.
There is no known link to the Raxxla Codex entry - the one and only in-game 'official clue' specifically related to Raxxla.
There is no known link to Paradise Lost anywhere in game lore, it requires fairly specific knowledge of Michael Brookes as an individual to understand why it might even be relevant at all.
It implies that Raxxla (somehow for some reason) conforms to some aspect which makes that one "Milton Cosmos" illustration relevant.
There is no known lore explanation as to why someone(s) would encode information about Raxxla in the design of one garden in one type of station, and no-where else.
There's probably a few more, but really the last four are the biggest problems for this idea.

Summary: You don't know what it means, you don't know how it helps, you don't even know if it's meant to be a clue or not.
Reactions:
Ataxia and Rochester