Dartay
D
Apr 4, 2019
#7,246
dezpe said:
I am not so sure if using Stellarium helps. Stellarium shows us the view from Earth. If TDW station isn't really close to Earth, the stars will look different.

My initial thoughts when looking at the main menu screen were:
Star class from the system is a white one. I read that someone found out its probably "A".
The station is an ORBIS one, orbiting an icy moon/planet.
There is another planet/moon really close (too close actually for ingame but might be a hint regardless) in the foregroud with the SRV. This means either a binary moon constellation or really close orbits.
Together with the info that it is thought to be "orbiting the 8th moon of an unnamed gas giant" I assumed this would help to narrow the possible systems down significantly. I furthermore assumed that the system is within 1000ly of the bubble due to the fact that early hyper-drives were not so potent, which means that there is a good chance the system was already scanned by someone.

However, the image from the CODEX shows that the Dark Wheel Orbis station is in close proximity to a star, which is a contradiction to the main menu. My feeling is that we should give the image in the CODEX more weight, as it was put in later and probably for a reason.
Click to expand...

Am I wrong in saying that the system could contain both stars? As in: both the white coloured star from the title screen background and the red/orange star from the Codex image?

Remember we can say with fair certainty that the title screen background was not screencapped in-game. Rather it seems the devs composed the image themselves, as demonstrated by the extremely low orbit of the station, and the fact that nothing in the video loop actually moves -- besides the station itself. Even though it is not a screenshot of an in-game location, it could still be a representation of one.

Assuming that this is the case.. Due to the many physical impossibilities in the title screen background, I would not discount the possibility that the red/orange star shown in the codex is present in the location that the background was (possibly) meant to represent.

Regardless, if we assume that the image from the Codex disproves the notion that the title screen background refers to the same location, I would still be very interested in finding out if the Devs DID hide something in the title screen, and whether or not it has anything to do with Raxxla.