Louis Calvert
Dec 18, 2023
#32,596
I think I've solved the Toast. Obviously it's open to interpretation, but still... consider this if you will:

"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!
To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void!
The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts.
To Raxxla!"


"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!"
I think this describes the location of Raxxla itself, relating to:
"... makes repeated mention of seeing ‘an area of space, not black but radiant…glowing like heaven,’ and being called by ‘voices that didn’t come from anything with a body’."
This is detailed later because all the clues wrap together.

"To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void!"

Formidine Rift Alpha:
"Could have sworn I heard some weird voices in the last jump. "
"some of the guys are going space crazy out here in the void. We had to sedate one guy, he went completely doolally."
"I’m scared… help me someone… I can’t bear another jump. The lights in witch-space are coming for me, the lights… always the lights… they’re calling to me… a siren song… I must join them…”

From this post back in late 2018 (just as the Codex was revealed).

Jasmina Halsey:
[1] "It was wonderful. Amazing. I saw the universe, and our galaxy within it, as I'd never seen it before, and I felt the presence of the real caretakers of our galaxy. The paradox of their existence – tiny yet gargantuan, fleeting yet eternal. They spoke to me as I drifted in the void. It was amazing. I must share their message."
[2] "The former leader purports to have seen "the true architects of creation" and to have been shown what she describes as "the infinities of the cosmos" ... According to a member of her personal staff, the former leader believes the data will prove there are super-intelligent beings living in the depths of space.... "They are out there. I have seen them. We must put aside our petty differences and work together to establish contact. There is so much we could learn from them.""
[3] "Jasmina Halsey was admitted to the Clearwater Clinic psychiatric facility on Mars. Halsey's admission followed a period of bizarre behaviour, during which she claimed to have encountered super-intelligent beings in the depths of space."
[4] "In a public address at Gotham Park in the Alioth system, Halsey described the nature of her vision: "'I saw a place of extraordinary beauty. A paradise. It was truly wonderful... This was no dream – it was a glimpse of something very real... We must find this place. It could be our future.'"
Click to expand...
From the Guardian Codex in-game:
"In 3301, the Federal presidential vessel, Starship One, suffered catastrophic drive failure during a tour of frontier systems, resulting in the ship's destruction. Jasmina Halsey, at that time the Federal president, was left drifting in an escape pod, unconscious. During this period of stasis, Halsey believed she was visited by Trans-dimensional beings of extraordinary intelligence and compassion. Later, when she was rescued and revived, she was left with the conviction that this experience had been real, and not merely a hallucination.

Halsey proceeded to experience visions of mysterious alien worlds and cities - dense metropolises full of activity and life. She shared these visions with the rest of humanity, prompting explorers to set off in search of these undiscovered planets. This led to the discovery of the first Guardian ruins, in the Synuefe XR-H d11-102 system. The fact that these sits were devoid of life led to speculation that Halsey had seen the Guardian worlds not as they are, but as they had been."
From the Guardian Data "culture" logs:
"Culture 15: A human observer might find the Guardians visual art severe and lacking in emotion, but the same could not be said of their music. They didn’t use musical instruments, so strictly speaking it’s singing, although I think they might have used their bodies for rhythm and percussion. I’ve extracted audio from the data you have collected and have listened to, for want of a better term, their “songs”. The range of their voices is something to be admired. And it’s so rich with emotion – many pieces are so haunting, it breaks the heart to listen them."
Gan Romero (3305/2019):
[1] "Ship stolen from Starport"
[2] "We have determined that Commander Bjorn Lennox’s vessel was stolen by a starship technician, who evidently acted alone without backup... The technician, Gan Romero, has worked at Fort Dixon as a member of the hanger service teams for the past eleven years. He has a stable home life on the station with a wife and three children, with no criminal record.”
[3] “Had he been acting strangely? Well, something was on Gan’s mind…I guess you could say he’s been distracted recently. I’ve caught him staring out into space a few times. And his sleep was disturbed by intense dreams, although he never wanted to talk about them.”
[4] “Our analysts have recovered a few fragments of these recordings, which appear to have been part of a dream journal. In them, Romero makes repeated mention of seeing ‘an area of space, not black but radiant…glowing like heaven,’ and being called by ‘voices that didn’t come from anything with a body’.”
[5] “Romero’s dream journal entries were very similar to Jasmina Halsey’s visions after the Starship One incident three years ago. Was this lowly grease monkey in touch with the same ‘caretakers of our galaxy’ that Halsey claims spoke to her?”
[] "Commander Bjorn Lennox, the owner of the stolen ship, commented: “Obviously I’m not happy about losing my Diamondback Explorer, and I’ve had to fight for the station’s insurance to cover my losses. Still, part of me wonders if my ship was stolen for a reason… It was fitted for exploration with a high jump range, and it sounds like this guy was heading somewhere really far away.... They said Romero was delusional, right? Well, maybe he was just invited to a place that most people can’t understand. I guess we’ll never know.”
Click to expand...
The Gan Romero narrative caused a major issue with the community since folks expected to be able to find Gan. Fdev had to clarify that the narrative didn't have an in-game resolution and was 'story' content only. This enraged a section of the community which caused Fdev to suspend Galnet's "off-camera" narrative, and alter reconsider what role Galnet played in the game entirely. I believe that while we weren't meant to find Gan, that this narrative was supposed to form part of the Raxxla puzzle following on from everything else.

What's more, the above three narratives matches the Raxxla Codex entry almost exactly:
"Students of Raxxla lore have noted that the legend exerts a strangely potent fascination on the minds of seekers. Commentators have compared this sensation to 'fernweh', the unaccountable longing for a place one has never seen. More than one interstellar treasure-seeker has become obsessed with Raxxla to the exclusion of all other dreams, and spent his or her entire life in a futile search for it."

The area of space Gan mentions (an area "radiant…glowing like heaven") might look like a jewel. The fact that he stole a DBX with a high jump range is likely a clue.

All these elements are interconnected and clearly aiming at the same thing. Drew says the mention of the lights and 'siren songs' of the Formidine Rift were linked to Halsey, and Romero was liked to Halsey. Halsey didn't necessarily commune with Guardians, most people think it's what they (or the constructs) are now after 1-2million year - it's clear from all this context that they either exist within, or can make easy use of Hyperspace! They are the Sirens of the deepest Void, the whisperer's in witch-space!


"The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts."

I'm pretty sure this refers to Odysseus' 10-year journey to reach home, as per Homer's Odyssey. His wife has to fend off suitors and is full of woe at being besieged and powerless for all that time. Odysseus' mother died of grief and his father is a hermit because of his grief over losing Odysseus. Athena disguises Odysseus as a vagabond when he finally gets back to Ithaca so that he can infiltrate his house and learn how to defeat the suitors.

I think this refers to the fact that the path to Raxxla is hard, beset by dangers, takes a long time, and requires a journey to reach. Raxxla is being compared here to all that Odysseus had to endure to reach Ithaca. He was essentially a vagabond, wandering (or imprisoned) for a decade, and had to be smart and strong enough to survive everything. Then when he got home, he had to fight off all the suitors in order to reclaim all that was his.

This matches what we're told about Raxxla being a "journey", and the fact that it's a hard, long path, and even when we get there, it's not going to handed to us as a reward, we'll have to fight for it.

Also, as we all know, there are Greek myth references in the Codex too, so this reference to the most influential Greek myth-cycle is not coincidence. Some have even noted that Holdstocks The Dark Wheel was similar in some ways to the Odyssey.

And let's not forget:


So... a long and dangerous journey to 'an area of space, not black but radiant…glowing like heaven,’ with additional audio that might sound like ‘voices that didn’t come from anything with a body’. 'I saw a place of extraordinary beauty. A paradise. It was truly wonderful... This was no dream – it was a glimpse of something very real...', ' They spoke to me as I drifted in the void'.

More on this idea in a future post.
Last edited: Dec 20, 2023
Reactions:
Adel, Han_Zen and selbie