Edelgard von Rhein
E
Dec 17, 2023
#32,581
So I visited Siren and Shibboleth today and the first thing that stood out in Shibboleth is that there seems to be an inconsistency between the stated orbital period and semi-major axis of the moon of Shibboleth Haven (innermost planet in Shibboleth, 1.2000 Earth masses), which is called Kyllikki. The orbital period of 67.0 days is not unusual but the semi-major axis is 0.26 AU - it is about 129 Ls away!
I also visited and mapped Shibboleth 2h and and its moon. Nothing unusual was apparent.

Siren is close to some interesting systems - Castor and Pollux are not far off, there is Ishtar close by and a few uninhabited systems but most were populated. There are not a huge number of systems between Siren and Shibboleth. I think I have visited them all now.

There is still the ever-present problem of not knowing what to look for or how - I could be flying right by it without knowing and, given my exploration of the Bubble, may well have visited the correct system already.

My personal suspicion is that we are looking for something planetside, in a crater and which resembles an inverted pyramid with a hollow region large enough to fly through. I have yet to be right about anything, so I have to consider that it could also be way off in deep space or appears in a random signal source (and perhaps only at certain times). If preconditions are added in to the mix the possibilities expand enormously (which is why I hope there are not any). I cannot scan or survey a system and say afterwards that Raxxla is not there - and that is a hurdle that will eventually have to be passed, even if we can figure out a single system that 'makes sense'. Thinking about it as being something that you have to use game mechanics to find, rather than eyeballing a planet (bearing in mind that that was needed for the Dynasty Expedition bases), then a signal source becomes more likely - but that is also not terribly fun (as it is random, repetitive and not down to player skill), so I hope it is not so and that I am right about it being planetside. I guess there must be some clue somewhere that directs us to the right planet or moon.
Reactions:
Merlin StWahgwaan, Rochester and Louis Calvert