Merlin StWahgwaan
Dec 17, 2023
#32,589
Don't want to be a downer, but it's raining for me today, and depression has taken over XD

Something I've been noodling around my head, involves what @Philip Coutts just said above...
Devs said, there will be no hints...

so what is the Codex Entry then? is it possible the Codex entry is complete obfuscation? literally just myth and conjecture itself, concocted by some random Codex staff member who actually doesn't know the truth behind Raxxla at all?

what where some theories/potential ways to look for Raxxla, pre-Codex?
what were the avenues being discussed?
what were the best theories on what Raxxla was at that time?

if the Codex entry is a hint, then Fdev has already negated the no hints policy, atleast once, never mind the potential statements heard by various sources including Drew W himself who said, IIRC, he was told himself in no uncertain terms, Raxxla is indeed in the game. (noting we have no clue what it is)

So, again, are we getting hints? or is it all obfuscation? I can't reconcile the actions vs. the official position of Fdev.

I honestly like to believe they are real hints, but unless they give us something alot more "obvious" that can confirm ANYTHING about Raxxla, I don't know what to think at this point...

I like to believe Raxxla is some "device" that acts like a "sling-shot" for one-way unlimited single jump range or something.... or is connected to the Guardians and the return of the constructs... or gives us access to the "Rouge Planets" star class... or even gives the us "Thargoid Map" Stars as targets, where interesting things/materials/biologicals/guardian stuff might be...

but who knows, and without some direction or information to confirm even the tiniest bit of any theory, this is going to go on for ever, it just is. +9 years and we can't confirm, at all, anything, even that Raxxla is in the game, because whomever might have lied to whomever ever and that's that... plain and simple, we absolutely need fdev to say/do something to point us in a direction to confirm something or we'll just keep spinning our drives up and finding nothing....


personally, at this point, I seriously doubt it's something that could be just stumbled upon by pure chance and without any obstacles besides finding it. I doubt it could be used/visited without passing some "test" or "challenge", much like the Guardian blue-prints require fighting the drones while activating the site, and the Thargoid map requires specific cargo and fighting corrosion....
I just don't have any theories on Raxxla itself and how it might work/be activated, or how it could remain hidden this long, especially if the system has been visited , which we don't know but yeah...
There would need to be a station/settlement/ruins site/system authorities/pirates/SOMETHING defending/protecting Raxxla itself, it's "entrance", it's Planet/Moon, system, something.

I don't know, I'm tired, the rain sucks XD I'm done my depression rant XD maybe I've sparked some thoughts in someone, I'm taking a break for a few hours I think, I hope lol

o7 CMDRs


Edit/Add-On, XD :
Does anyone know of any surface locations, or orbital locations, that we can technically get too, but are Notoriously difficult to actually get too/explore, particularly due to some form of defenses?
Particularly ones around/near large craters, 8th moons of gas giants, or systems with White Dwarf Carbon Stars? (diamond cores, burning jewel)
Last edited: Dec 17, 2023
Reactions:
Louis Calvert