Louis Calvert
Dec 17, 2023
#32,590
Merlin StWahgwaan said:
Don't want to be a downer, but it's raining for me today, and depression has taken over XD

Something I've been noodling around my head, involves what @Philip Coutts just said above...
Devs said, there will be no hints...

so what is the Codex Entry then? is it possible the Codex entry is complete obfuscation? literally just myth and conjecture itself, concocted by some random Codex staff member who actually doesn't know the truth behind Raxxla at all?
Personally I think the "Raxxla Hunt" should be considered in two eras, the first is pre-launch to late 2018, the second era is late 2018 to present. No-one was expecting Raxxla to be mentioned in the Codex, certainly not in such a major entry with so many 'clues'. I'm unsure if the two eras are compatible.

Having recently been back to that point in this thread and read the previous year's worth of speculation and searching, and then reading for a month or so after (as far as I've got), the Codex totally revitalised the search and completely changed what almost everyone was looking for/trying.

The Codex came along with all the new exploration tools in the 'exploration update', and therefore I suspect that new Raxxla "clues" were intentionally included at that point, and possibly intended to be solved using the new tools. I'm unsure personally if just "the path to Raxxla" was refreshed or illuminated by the Codex, or whether the Codex was a new set of clues for a new Raxxla since we'd not found it (like the Zurara).
Merlin StWahgwaan said:
what where some theories/potential ways to look for Raxxla, pre-Codex?
what were the avenues being discussed?
what were the best theories on what Raxxla was at that time?
About page 300-ish in this thread: The Codex beta arrived late 2018, with full release in December. You'll see the section where it was revealed on the livestream (the devs amusingly pretended not to notice it, and then to claim it was a mistake lol). Immediately after most (but not all) of this tread was taken up with Astrophel and Stella analysis for quite some time!

I'm currently in the process of re-reading this thread from back then, going over what theories might not have been fully checked out, or things I can check now and see if anything's changed etc. Slow going, but I honestly think if it's solvable, it's already been solved by the many smart folks in this thread, but maybe they missed something small that's the key to unlocking it all that a fresh look might help with.

Merlin StWahgwaan said:
if the Codex entry is a hint, then Fdev has already negated the no hints policy, atleast once, never mind the potential statements heard by various sources including Drew W himself who said, IIRC, he was told himself in no uncertain terms, Raxxla is indeed in the game. (noting we have no clue what it is)
"No hints" wasn't Fdev policy really, AFAIK, it was just something Brookes said once in a sort of jokey way in response to a question (Braben gave more hints than anyone else did pre-Codex lol). And of course, Brooke's position at Fdev has been filled by others who might have had other ideas for many, many years now Edit: Brookes even went back on the "no hints" comment a little, and when challenged due to his previous "no hints" that's when he said "you have to make some of it a tiny bit obvious"
(paraphrasing). That was in DJ's stream here.
DJ: Thank you so much for doing this, we really appreciate it, and also the fact that you're going to talk about the first question astounded me, we put that in as a joke.
MB (laughing): You're assuming you're going to get a sensible answer
DJ: I'm getting an answer, that's all that matters, it's an answer! We'll start there ... The first question we have is, where is Raxxla?
MB (smiling): it's in the Milky Way, but I can't tell you were at this stage, it's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves.
DJ: OK...
MB (nodding): And there you go.
DJ: I like it, it's cryptic and it doesn't reveal a damn thing. You have always said there would be no clues though haven't you?
MB (thoughtful): Erm.. that is true... but I think you have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious just so people know what they're doing, but there's nothing to be revealed at this stage (smiling).
Click to expand...


Merlin StWahgwaan said:
personally, at this point, I seriously doubt it's something that could be just stumbled upon by pure chance and without any obstacles besides finding it. I doubt it could be used/visited without passing some "test" or "challenge", much like the Guardian blue-prints require fighting the drones while activating the site, and the Thargoid map requires specific cargo and fighting corrosion....
I completely agree.

I think Raxxla is at the end of a path that includes gates and filters. I personally think the Codex is a clue or series of clues to activities/locations that we have to figure out to 'unlock' the path to Raxxla, I don't think 'solving the Codex' will immediately reveal Raxxla. Essentially, it's the same type of gameplay loop as the Guardian/Thargoid content, but much, much less obvious.

It's possible that there's no feedback at all on when we've done the right things/been to the right locations until we've completed everything. I mean, think about how hard that would be, it's possible we've correctly solved 95% of the Codex clues, but until we've figured out that last 5% nothing at all seems to have happened. Especially if the correctly solved clues are scattered around 5 years of folks trying stuff, I doubt any single person on this thread has tried every solution everyone's proposed, and with no feedback on what's right/wrong... tricky!

And that's why I'm looking back at the theories and ideas people had not long after the Codex dropped. They're likely to be right, maybe someone proposed an idea that didn't get tried? maybe someone got the right idea but tested it wrong? Maybe someone had a good idea but was told by others they were wrong so never tried it? Maybe someone didn't quite get the idea right, but by putting it together with stuff theorised years later it's the 'missing piece'? And if nothing else, I'll have a better idea of what's been tried, maybe there really is something that no-one has ever tried?!
Last edited: Dec 17, 2023
Reactions:
Adel, Bushido Brown, Merlin StWahgwaan and 1 other person