Han_Zen
Oct 5, 2023
#31,675
Rochester said:
A good hypothesis; I had postulated a similar theory here some time ago.

There are a number of very ‘Wyrd’ systems which could fall along such a Miltonian axis. I ultimately rejected the hypothesis as I theorised it too reliant upon Milton as a primary source and therefore prone to scholarly bias. It also does not correlate with Miltons idea of incorporating a bridge / viaduct which ought to set down very close to the area of the gate.

It’s a logical conclusion, but if my assessment of the Lost Reams is correct, why would the Codex point us down towards a very densely packed area, only to then point us up, granted with very little indication. I could really dig getting behind this but in my opinion the theory needs Lucifers Viaduct to work.

I would be very happy if this concept could be proven correct. But I suspect Brookes took inspiration from various sources to create something unique. The book / tattoo would suggest a trip down then up, or is it more left, to right and up?

The position of the apex if correct might not be so clear and open to interpretation in my opinion, however I’m very aware of the existence of the system’Bridge’ which I find highly suspicious and if applicable, whose only existence denotes a path to the gate?

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'


Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'


Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
The idea that Earth, Raxxla and heaven all align with the axis mundi and hell does not, is of course fully dependent on accepting Miltons 'geography'.
The axis mundi going through Earth, is not. If it doesn't, it isn't an axis mundi.

The hints we have for an earth axis are rather vague. I would say that the following, can be interpreted in that direction.

1. Silent song of the spheres can be seen as a pointer to Kepler's Earth-centric model of the universe. This is also the traditional Greek model.
2. Spiralling stars may point to some rotational axis.
3. Pendant world directly describes the placement of Earth as directly below heaven.
4. Axis mundi is a system in the game.
5. Delphi, the traditional Greek 'start point' for the axis mundi, is a system in the game.
6. Plenty of other systems that can be linked to world trees, i various religions.

Of these hints only the Spiralling stars and the Pendant world, can be directly related to Raxxla.
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester