Rochester
Oct 5, 2023
#31,676
Han_Zen said:
The idea that Earth, Raxxla and heaven all align with the axis mundi and hell does not, is of course fully dependent on accepting Miltons 'geography'.
The axis mundi going through Earth, is not. If it doesn't, it isn't an axis mundi.

The hints we have for an earth axis are rather vague. I would say that the following, can be interpreted in that direction.

1. Silent song of the spheres can be seen as a pointer to Kepler's Earth-centric model of the universe. This is also the traditional Greek model.
2. Spiralling stars may point to some rotational axis.
3. Pendant world directly describes the placement of Earth as directly below heaven.
4. Axis mundi is a system in the game.
5. Delphi, the traditional Greek 'start point' for the axis mundi, is a system in the game.
6. Plenty of other systems that can be linked to world trees, i various religions.

Of these hints only the Spiralling stars and the Pendant world, can be directly related to Raxxla.
Tend to agree and disagree, but this is where our interpretations may conflict with those intended by FD, the subjects utilised or referenced are not wholly definitive, that is inherently true, mythology is not singular, there usually are several sources and interpretation of these.

We need to interrogate all possibilities and look for any logical associations, which may identify a common correlation.

This is where my current hypothesis is , that FD has utilised and developed a unique Holdstock concept, in honour of that author, because he was the person to introduced Raxxla to the elite narrative. It was not created by Braben no Bell.

My hypothesis is tied around the Lost Realms discovery, but also various indicators that reflect his other Celtic influences.

I like the Miltonian concept but, ultimately it’s too limited, and logically once you figure out one segment the rest ought to follow, this doesn’t seem to be the case; it could still be - ‘if’ FD interpreted the science and the abstract nature differently, or just decided to do their own thing.


1. Silent song of the spheres: is likely a reference to the music / harmony of the spheres, as attributed and adapted by Milton to describe his Miltonian universe. https://darknessvisible.christs.cam.ac.uk/music.html

2. Spiralling stars: I’ve no idea.

3. Pendant world: is a direct quote of Paradise Lost and ‘Eden’ aka Paradise, aka Creation, not necessarily just ‘Earth’ as this land mass existed only as a concept in Paradise Lost, the focus was on the garden. But the universe’ was technically the pendant world too. Eden in Paradise Lost, existed within a spherical shell, that contained all other spheres, all stars etc. Outside of this was Heaven, Chaos and Hell.

Satan saw ‘creation’ aka the hard physical shell, hanging below the walls of heaven, as if from a golden chain, it shone in beauty like a small star, in comparison to the magnificence of Heaven, as if viewing a star next to the brilliance of our moon.

Satan walked and wandered lost on this shell, walked past the paradise of fools, before seeing heavens gate on the horizon like a burning jewel. He reached the apex and stood on the first step of the retractable golden stair, aka golden a golden chain, before looking down, through all the spheres and seeing first hand all of creation. He then flew down to Eden, via our Sun at an oblique angle, like a shooting star, passing numerous ‘other’ Edens.

Robert Holdstock calls Eden a Lost Realms, the abundance of similar systems in the Lost Realms area, may advocate FD / Brookes adaptation shows Eden is not actually Sol in game…but could be elsewhere?

My hypothesis is that Brookes did not replicate a Miltonian universe, but merged it with a Celtic concept of an ‘Otherworld’ which is more in kerping with Holdstocks works, which focus upon this concept as well. A great tree over a fulcrum, acting as a doorway.

4. Axis mundi: is a system in the game, true but it’s also in the Lost Realms zone, with systems obviously named after references to Holdstocks works, and linking those to the Codex, it also sits directly below Yggdrasil and Persephone etc, it has significance!

5. Delphi: traditionally has three of more conflicting classical source origins. Only one is attributed to an axis mundi, the others are more complex. I do not discount it, but would argue it acts as a narrative marker, and significant clue pointing towards the Lost Realms.

6. Plenty of other systems that can be linked to world trees, and various religions: absolutely true… but I would argue I’ve identified enough evidence to suggest (not definitely) their placements are intentional and they all have a shared relationship in game?
Last edited: Oct 5, 2023
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein