Rochester
Oct 3, 2023
#31,674
Han_Zen said:
Any Axis Mundi has to pass trough Earth. That is what axis mundi is. That means that any single point in space can be on the axis mundi, if we want it to. Finding more than one point, is when we start to limit our options. Two stars with near perfect alignment to Earth are what we call optical binaries. Stars that aren't close to each other, bu appear in the same spot, in the sky.

Going by Miltons model of the cosmos, Earth (and the universe around it) is at the end of the pendant. Earth is the center and the pendant is an axis mundi. If we follow this axis 'up', we should reach a gate. This gate leads out of the regular universe and if we continue 'up', we get to heaven.
The same gate should also make it possible to enter hell, but hell does not seem to align with the axis.

If we assume that Raxxla is the gate, we should look towards what we think might be heaven. Looking towards hell does not help, in the Miltoian model.
A good hypothesis; I had postulated a similar theory here some time ago.

There are a number of very ‘Wyrd’ systems which could fall along such a Miltonian axis. I ultimately rejected the hypothesis as I theorised it too reliant upon Milton as a primary source and therefore prone to scholarly bias. It also does not correlate with Miltons idea of incorporating a bridge / viaduct which ought to set down very close to the area of the gate.

It’s a logical conclusion, but if my assessment of the Lost Reams is correct, why would the Codex point us down towards a very densely packed area, only to then point us up, granted with very little indication. I could really dig getting behind this but in my opinion the theory needs Lucifers Viaduct to work.

I would be very happy if this concept could be proven correct. But I suspect Brookes took inspiration from various sources to create something unique. The book / tattoo would suggest a trip down then up, or is it more left, to right and up?

Remember there is a system called ‘Fall’ and it’s position in relation to pandemonium, and likewise that of Demeter and Persephone, might indicate it’s intentional.

The position of the apex if correct might not be so clear and open to interpretation in my opinion, however I’m very aware of the existence of the system’Bridge’ which I find highly suspicious and if applicable, whose only existence denotes a path to the gate?

The Fall
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10212713

Miltons crystalline sphere
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10050141

Upon the outer rim
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10047052

The tree above the war between the bridge
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10159170
Last edited: Oct 5, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian