Marco Santos
Mar 15, 2019
#6,665
Ive been looking into this matter, and among all the "theories" and "speculation", it seens to me that some elements in this game totally relate to some of the accounts and things i read about this mitical place.

So i expect some things about this:

1- Its not reachable or can be seen all the time, probrably only at a certain time, with certain conditions u can actually see it and get to it, wich makes perfect sense.
2- It is either close to the bubble or in the bubble itself, or it is a "rogue", wandering about the galaxy, ence only is at the place ud expect in a certain time frame.
3- There will be a huge puzzle to be able to do any interaction with it.
4- It may well be that all ull find is a huge ruin with some kinda portal or such that cant be activated, and once found will take months or years till some clever mind breaks the code and manages to figure out how it works, and even them ull need to ferry or get stuff elsewhere to actually get it running.

Or it could all be just like atlantis, and other myths, just that, something to keep us all dreaming and wasting our time on a quest that cant be furfilled.

And that is the appeal of this!

As with all misteries, i would say, in any game ive played that has them, the solution is always a simple one, i see ppl taking all kinds of aproachs to this and seens a competition to see who comes up with a more elaborated and complicated explination than the other... Keep it simple, probrably will get to it that way.

My plans are not to seek this thing out as my primary goal, but with the clues there are, i will definatly as soon as i get to the bubble and start doing what is my idea, wich ill reveal in due time, ill keep my eyes wide open to see if i come up with something...

But let me give u "food for thoughts", many times, there are more parties looking for a thing than you alone!
What i mean is, take a look at the targoids and their activity, since they have been probring the bubble but they dont all out attack they seen to keep themselves to a certain area, or path, who knows they arent looking for it too, or protecting it, and their activity is in fact a "road map" u can follow?!

Safe travels commanders, and good luck! o7
Last edited: Mar 15, 2019