CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 6, 2021
#22,732
clavain said:
Careful now, Annoia the Goddess of small things is watching.

With regard to the Mars Artefact, even if it was Thargoid, why would humanity be terrified of it? Based on the tourist beacon for Innitu's assassination in Beta Hydri, it seems fairly likely that his version of Thargoid first contact from the FFE journals is correct - i.e. they came across humans terraforming one of their worlds, attempted to peacefully communicate, and were fired upon and wiped out, and then later infected with a genocidal virus. If the artefact was Thargoid, it could very well have been some sort of communication or communication device that if revealed, would show that humanity was the aggressor, and the Thargoids were trying to communicate/negotiate, which various corporate interests did not want in a huge phase of human expansion. Therefore that communication needed to be hidden to conceal this fact and the responsibility for genocide, not out of any fear of an alien race that was so easily defeated. And to keep the appearance of Thargoid aggression to justify continued war in the future and continued human expansion into their space, and protect corporate interests and profits.

The Turner/Argent faction clearly were in the know about this somehow, and were trying to continue to communicate with the Thargoids and prevent conflict, I think.
Click to expand...
Because they observed Raxxla and saw what it was via hyperspace probe right about the same time. Given the time frames involved and even with slower hyperspace with journeys of hours to weeks these probes would have gotten well past the Bubble's current borders well before Tau Ceti was ever settled. Imagine seeing a images beamed back to Earth of huge gateway with giant alien ships. The fact, one of the relics of these same ships was found in Earth's backyard would have been utterly terrifying (btw there are tons of Ammonia worlds nearby Sol). The Thargs have been watching humanity for a very long time in all likelihood. By the way, I am not utterly convinced they were the primary aggressors.
Last edited: Apr 6, 2021