Han_Zen
Aug 31, 2019
#11,655
Edelgard von Rhein said:
The Winking Cat is back, this time actually returning something:
https://www.elitedangerous.com/news/galnet/article/winking-cats-return/
I feel that this is another clue for us to follow, not just fluff. The clue here is not the name of the returned painting, as that's consolidating what has already been suggested, to me. It is the name of the painter, in particular their initials. M.M. There was a painting previously stolen by WC that was called (at least a part of the title) Two Circles and I wondered before if those might be referring to the primary stars of a system. If that hunch was right, then this might be narrowing it down to two M stars. That means I'm looking for an Earth-like World orbiting a pair of M stars. Fairly close to the Bubble, though otherwise I'm not sure what heading I'd have to take, given that the Milky Way could have a million worlds like that.

I don't think the Winking Cat is guiding people to Raxxla but I mention it here because I do think there's a chance that it might be a way of extending an invitation to candidate members of The Dark Wheel. If that is the case, then it is a lead worth following up.
Click to expand...
There were other similar heist, back in the 3250s:
«
IMAGINAL NETWORK HEIST
M.C.S

The recent theft has been reported of two priceless works of art. The 'Imaginal Network' by [OoL1([FmL2,[FfL2), a multi-dimensional image made in the 'new conceptual' school of thought was removed from the Gallery of the Locational Arts Trust at [SyL3(A) while, in a second raid on the same night, the K'tion's 'Contemporate Method' was stolen from the Institute of Critical Art at Wicca's World.

Both raids carry the hallmark of a well-organised group and both undoubtedly had inside information - in the [SyL3(A) theft, the multi-layered alarm system had been deactivated while on Wicca's World, a simultaneous raid by supposed eco-terrorists caused every alarm in the Station to activate so the one at the Gallery was ignored until long after the thieves had departed.

Spokes beings for both sides have commented on the value of the pieces and their remarkable similarity in conceptual terms, supporting the theory that the theft of both was commissioned for a private collection.»
Reactions:
simulacrae, Edelgard von Rhein, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person