[Diplomacy] Carnegie
Aug 31, 2019
#11,647
FrozenLaughs said:
So I'm currently working on the "Toast as directions" theory, but I have a slightly different approach that I want to investigate. I think that since Humanity spread through the bubble from Earth, everything that we took into space with us is still going to be earth-based- including astronomy, astrology, religion etc.

I think it's a reasonable correlation, that just like we might look to the night sky on Earth and point out constellations, that humans on another planet might still point to the night sky and those same constellations.
"See that group of stars? Back home we called those (x)"

I imagine a group of explorers on the surface of Raxxla, looking up to the night sky at our "Earth" constellations- (especially if it's close enough to Earth that they still hold shape) - and just as you might toast a round of guests at your table, toasting 3-6 constellations in the night sky of Raxxla. That being said;

- I'm convinced that the first toast is Zeta Cassiopeia, after a lot of my own research coincides with other user's conclusions.

- I'm hung up on The Whisperer/Siren however. Some research led me towards Achenar and Demeter, but I think I got off track somewhere.

- I suspect Lovers may be a reference to Algol

- I suspect Parents may be Kitalpha

- I've got nothing for Vagabond/Heart outside of the Heart Nebula.

Ultimately I beleive that plotting these points on a "horizontal"-ish plane and calculating which systems could see all of them in a circle from a somewhat central point might be the answer.
Click to expand...

Alternatively:

Mother of Galaxies - President Halsey
Parent's Grief - Gan Romero's mom
Lover's Woe - That Imperial chick who was going to marry a Fed but didn't
Whisperer in Witchspace - The Formidine Rift Exodus logs
Siren - The Alliance Festival of Culture
Vagabonds - Those refugees that got stuck someplace

See, it's all right there in Galnet - this stuff about it being fluff is all LIES, to keep us off the trail of Raxxla!
Reactions:
rOmiLaYu, simulacrae, Vetinari and 4 others