Edelgard von Rhein
E
Aug 31, 2019
#11,658
Jorki Rasalas said:
I was thinking over breakfast today that since the Winking Cat is in galnet, and fluff has been removed from galnet, that it must be meaningful. But what makes you think it’s TDW?

Certainly sounds like a double M-type system, but why ELW orbiting both?

Could be worth pulling up the old galnet posts on Winking Cat activities!
The ELW is because the painting Terra Absentia was stolen. Again that's just a hunch. I'm out at the Cat's Paw nebula now so I'll have a look around but so far even the M dwarf systems have all been tagged.

As to why it might be TDW involved: it's not that I think they have to be (the m.o. fits a Rogue AI better), it's that it solves TDW's problem as to how to issue an invite to explorers who might be of a mind to join the search for Raxxla. Explorers generally tend not to spend much time around the Bubble visiting bulletin boards and doing missions and, when they do, often it's not for long. TDW would have very little opportunity to reach a person they want to speak to in that way. By taking an action that gets put up on Galnet everyone gets to see it.

To use Galnet in this way, the action must not implicate them as that would attract the attention of unfriendly eyes. It must appeal to the sort of person who might be able to help in the search for Raxxla, so it must contain a puzzle - not an obvious one but it must have something anomalous that will attract attention so that someone thinking it over will realise information is in there. In this case, the art thefts were all of extremely valuable pieces and related to all three superpowers. The thefts were of very specific pieces, when other items were within the thief's reach. To me, it seemed like the thief was sending a message. This time, they have put something valuable back. What they chose to put back was also intended to attract attention as before and I suspect it is another part of the puzzle.

The Winking Cat insignia serves to link the crimes but, as any other symbol could have been chosen, I cannot but suspect it contains information also. I don't know if it is a clue to location or to the thief's identity.
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and [PS4] Filthymick420