lorrad
Mar 30, 2018
#2,037
Jaiotu said:
Early on it appeared that Galnet was going to propel the galaxy forward on some kind of narrative arc. We had illness/wedding/coma/death of Emperor Hengist Duval. The apparent murder of the Federation Vice President followed by he disappearance of the Federation President. I think that train has derailed and Elite: Dangerous has become/is becoming a different game from the one that the developers had in mind during the early days. I'm not sure if following the threads from Galnet will be helpful as it appears that there are many loose ends that weren't pursued to their proper conclusion.

I think that, if you look back at the history, Frontier gave up on Galnet as a narrative force back when CMDR Cly discovered Jaques Station early. Maybe Frontier decided that any narrative arc that they tried to create in the game would be spoiled by us players doing our own thing. Right after that you can see that, aside from Drew's contributions for the Premonition storyline, the quality and quantity of narrative-driven Galnet stories declined. This was followed by severing the player-base's connection to Galnet through player-submitted articles. Most recently those player-submitted articles that were hosted on local Galnet feeds have been completely purged.

I would love to see someone connect those old storylines into something meaningful in-game but deep down I think that they have all been abandoned and unfinished ... which means that their value is questionable.

Well that's optimistic.

My impression is that all that story telling was leading up to the introduction of Powerplay which would then become the player driven story.
After that it was Formidine or nothing. Yet I see there are packs of,,,marks(?),,,people trying to make powerplay something and apparently can't see that's impossible, but hey Vegas is fun? It's an arena of equally spaced zombies on spring leashes trying to scratch each others eyes out. The springs will never let them get close enough to do any real damage, bots or not.

Even with the thargoid advance it feels very static and like Groundhog Day in Space.

What to choose today, evacuation run,,, what no material rewards,,, great no cif's and efc's,, frak!
Last edited: Mar 30, 2018