cmdr milesred
Sep 6, 2022
#27,144
Dox Paradox said:
Very good analysis, I think you're right about the public TDW, it must be impostors.
My current theory is that it is impossible to find Raxxla directly. We have to go through TDW, and with hints from them (or possibly with a relic in their possession that "open one's eyes"). TDW, they could be findable, but it's probably useless (either no interaction, or swarm of very high profile NPC). We may have to make ourselves worthy to be contacted, like those ancient adventurers.
It is hinted that they were treasure seekers, explorators. Combat isn't mentioned at all. Exploration might be the key. Maybe visit enough sectors of the galaxy? Half? All?

Besides, I have a question. I'm not a native english speaker and I can't find the correct meaning for "on the brow of the mother of galaxies".
It is often translated as "on the forehead". But "brow" could also be a singular for "eye-brows".
"forehead" => something central
"eye-brow" => something peripheral, possibly rounded
How do you understand it?
Click to expand...
fwiw when I hear Brow, I think forehead
in this game every time I hear it, I think of Barnard's Loop, because it looks like an eyebrow over an eye, aka brow
between that and mother of all galaxies, I don't think it is meant to be literal though...
but who knows? when floating in space, there isn't a lot to look at besides images your mind creates out of all the stars. But the colorful billowing clouds of space.
connect the dots, fill the voids, etc...

as for the eye's to see with, or eyes that see. this is why I carry trinkets and soontil relic's. I have hopes the phrase means, something can help you to see, see something we are looking for..
and they do make sounds, just no idea why yet. besides that they do NOT seem to enjoy all my fighting...and they keep jumping ship. they get pretty loud during some of the fighting.

I love the cover of the story book of Astrophel, very nice fit.
I always pictured the swirling stars as whitchspace, swirling stars is what I see when I jump.
but taken from perspective of a child, if a child saw this stargoid? yes, that would fit well.
and from what is being written recently as well as certain cultists, Fargod, far away god, far from god, I get it, its big, it's likely powerful. and if whatever is flying that bus is able to squash us like the bugs we act like, then far god it is. and why are we here?