clavain
Aug 26, 2022
#26,848
Jorki Rasalas said:
Mate, Ive been playing this “game” ( I thought they were supposed to be enjoyable pastimes?) since October 2015, given myself arthritic thumbs, De Quervains tendonitis, several bouts (alternating) of space madness and fernweh, and I’m looking for something with a weird name in a 400billion system galaxy sim but I don’t know what it is....

I’m already well round the bend!!!

I’m not obsessed with, nor proprietarial about, Sol; I just think from the codex, galnet and tourist beacon messages about the game lore that it’s more likely to be the hiding place than the other 400billion-1 systems, but I’m still looking in other systems within 159ly of Sol. If you have a hypothesis concerning Sol please feel free to explore it yourself!!!

I’ve searched Sol - asteroid belts, bodies, lagrange points, comets (since I found out that they exist & how to locate them!). Ive looked for interesting asteroids based on similarity of their astronomical symbol and the codex “logo”. Ive searched belts, canyons, station ex/interiors.... I found nothing unexpected! (apart from the green glows, but that seems to be a graphics shader refresh bug).

I go back to Pyroboros’ point- if we find a method (e.g. his comet hunting method) to track something down in-game that we think may be there we gain a new tool to determine whether or not Raxxla may be in a System. Now I thought Raxxla, or the Omphalos Rift (from the codex I believe this to be the “gateway” to Raxxla), must be an astronomical body, which means having a bodyid value generated by Stellar Forge. Of course Raxxla might be a ship or npc but that seems to me low probability. Everything else seems to have a bodyid, EXCEPT signal sources, and I’m now nonplussed by the fact that space installations appear to be special cases of signal sources with no bodyid. So which is Raxxla/Omphalos?

Your research about the Haumeids etc is interesting, but Ive checked the bodyids in Sol and they aint there, (unless they might appear under special circumstances as signal sources)...

Oh, and your thought about calculating orbits/positions in game is a non-starter as the in-game time/date doesn't seem to match with reality- its already been tried for other bodies.

But, have fun testing your hypotheses!
Click to expand...
Well I'm not triple (or quadruple) Elite, so there is always the incredibly slim possibility that that could trigger something whilst parallaxing about. I just hope it is not locked behind that (and that single Elite is enough in any of the three real categories) or locked behind some ridiculous level of engineering that you need to achieve before unlocking the final engineer who gives you a hint as to where to go. because;both those options would suck due to grind. Also hope it is not now only findable in Odyssey. (are you listening FD? Probably not).

Yeah, I knew the orbits wouldn't line up from previous efforts years ago to time-shift stuff using Stellarium, just teasing you. Always the chance the Omphalos Rift is actually that, a rift on an ice planet or mountainous planet or the like (little bit obvious and all that). I'll poke around a bit in the SRV in the dark while listening to boring academics with my video off, doubt I will find anything but haven't done that in ages so might be fun for 20 minutes or so.

PS Out of nowhere I did get an engineering invite while bumming around Sol, some dude that Felicity Farseer recommended me to who does sensors IIRC. Likely completely unrelated, haven't bothered checking him out yet, will at some point I suppose.

PPS Haumea/Namaka also fits the "Obfuscated on the Outer Rim" clue if it is referring to Outer Rim of the Solar System as opposed to the galaxy. Also, Art Tornqvist, name of chap who originally recounted Raxxla story in Tau Ceti, per Google Translate surname is Bulgarian for "stormy", for what that is worth.

PPPS Also "place that is not a place" , place is locus in Latin. An ellipse is a locus in mathematics. An orbit is an ellipse. QED.
Last edited: Aug 26, 2022
Reactions:
simulacrae, Ataxia, Han_Zen and 1 other person