Rochester
Aug 22, 2023
#31,314
Where we’re going we’ll need eyes to see

Currently re-drawing my map of the underworld in line with the writings of Robert Holdstock (more of that at a later date) and noticed how simple the map for the underworld is, filtering out my own biases and looking only at real associations it’s clear the Greek underworld is replicated in game, and it holds an interesting relationship with Paradise Lost.

Using classical descriptions the Greek Underworld was divided into three regions: Elysium, Tartarus and Asphodel.

Elysium isn’t in game, but interestingly Elysia is - ‘she from the blessed isles of Elysium’, a paradise for the good.

Tartarus - is in game, the deepest void for the bad.

Asphodel - also in game, carpeted meadows of flowers.

Additional locations also exist around this area.

Nysa - is not a location in the Greek Underworld but is the birthplace of Dionysus, home of Hyades Nymphs and the location of where Persephone was abducted, said to have an entrance to Hades.

Interestingly Nysa is practically on the midpoint between two of the systems outlining this hell.

Pandemonium - is John Miltons capitol of Hell, in Paradise Lost it is illustrated as being just off the centre of hell, which in Paradise Lost is actually a burning lake. I extrapolated the centre in Legacy, but nothing of interest or note.



Now what’s interesting is if you look at illustrations of Paradise Lost’s hell such as The Universe of Milton’s Paradise Lost (1667), it looks like this alignment might been replicated in game, with the path of Lucifer, although I presume still this might just be a coincidence.

The rivers of hell are not all in game but some are, but too far removed, but I believe the general idea has not been to build a clear and accurate map, because that would be too obvious and visibly striking, generally I feel these correlate with other elements, designed to draw our attention to this general area.


The third circle of Milton’s Hell, as detailed by John Andrew Himes.

Also potentially interestingly this path could align with the projected path of Jacques, but again this is unsubstantiated.



However, as I’ve mentioned before I’m cleaning up my Underworld / Holdstocks Lost Realms map.

If we include my map of Cities of lost gold (yellow) with the map of Youth (green) and my map of Older gods / Demons (white), again we now see a clearer tight concentration midpoint between ‘Hell’ and ‘Pandemonium’ and that these Lost Realms are either encircling an area or they are coalescing, to represent a focal point.

More mapping is underway to identify further areas so as to best illustrate this hypothesis, but for now my cleaner analysis is still drawing the same conclusion, that Holdstock Lost Reslms are replicated in game and they do point to something,

Last edited: Aug 22, 2023
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein