Jorki Rasalas
Aug 6, 2022
#26,596
@Emperor
You have some valid points there, but I think you’re taking me a little too literally.

IMHO the phrasing “real movers and shakers, those precious few with the talent to mould and shape the galaxy around them, to create change on a grand scale” implies grand politics (maybe The Club? But PowerPlay is about politics). I just cant see exploration, adventuring, treasure hunting fitting “moving & shaking”, “shaping the galaxy”, “change on a grand scale”. Though I could see TDW as a pirate group, the “treasure hunting” and “adventuring” is a bit ambiguous.

We’re at the mercy of FD and the continuity/consistency checks they apply (or don't!) to their plot lines. Until we get some clarification given to us we are just speculating. When it comes down to it we interpret the game in our own way and play accordingly. Yes, it’s definitely a “personal journey”!

I can’t remember the details off hand, and have had insufficient breakfast coffee to stir me to go back to check, but any comment I made about Guardian/Human AI is relevant to my hypothesis about the Pilot’s Federation. The use of the triangular motif in the nav panel etc, and its similarity to the Guardian obelisk symbols, plus “Ram Tah decodes” which mentioned Guardian Ark ships, emigres, AI, and genetic manipulation makes me suspect that the background plot will turn out to be that the PF was started by/is controlled by some Guardian-originated entity that is aiming to develop humanity into a weapon to fight the Thargoids. Something is permit locking large areas of the galaxy that we aren't ready for yet...The human AI possibility comes from the GCS Sarasvati logs, which implied at least one human AI was developed to monitor for Thargoid activity and guard against them, and AI could potentially be immortal so still around today.

So I agree, the mysterious benefactor that gives you the starter ship and funding might be TDW, as far as we know that’s the only organisation that might test us, but if so IMHO I think that FD used poor phrasing in that message....
but since TDW are a faction of PF then perhaps it’s TDW who are driving PF and controlled by Guardian AI to develop into an anti-Thargoid fighting force? .... there’s a new thought! TDW would likely have come into contact with Guardian technology before anyone else due to their exploration activities....maybe they unlocked the Guardian structures and encountered the AI that seems to inhabit them (there definitely are voices to be heard at ruins & braintrees!). Maybe our nav computers are based on Guardian tech?
Last edited: Aug 6, 2022
Reactions:
Fiera and Emperor