Emperor
Aug 5, 2022
#26,594
Jorki Rasalas said:
Quite so! It does explicitly mention a test. However it also reads like an advert for PowerPlay, which didnt exist on game release. Moreover from the Codex “The Dark Wheel is the name given to a legendary group of adventurers, explorers, investigators and treasure-hunters”, and I don't see how that fits with “movers and shakers”, “shape the galaxy around them” or “create change on a grand scale”. Which is why I suspect it is fluff, and TDW may also be fluff.

We have confirmation from DB and MB that Raxxla is in-game (though we don’t know what it is), but we have no such confirmation for TDW; the codex entry is very ambiguous, especially wrt Lyta Crane.

"You may be puzzled right now as to why you’ve just received this little windfall. Nothing wrong with that – I’d be worried if you weren’t. But now get ready for lesson number one. When a golden opportunity comes your way – and trust me, they’re few and far between, my friend – reach out and grab it with both hands. Sometimes it’s clever to ask questions, and sometimes it’s not. This time it’s not. All you need to know is that my organisation has a very specific remit: to seek out those who have the potential to become real movers and shakers, those precious few with the talent to mould and shape the galaxy around them, to create change on a grand scale. We find them, and then we test them. Consider this your test. Take the ship. Take the money. No strings, no hidden clauses. Do with them what you will. Blaze your own trail. Impress me, perhaps you’ll learn more.

A Friend"

Hi Jorki,

I mentioned "A Friend" might be the TDW before and I think you made a similar comment about not being TDW and more likely guardian/human AI which I didn't get and I'm not sure how it relates to powerplay this time either, but I don't see why it couldn't be the TDW....

Also I found it a bit strange that FD clarified the mysterious benefactor is not the tip off "Mystery Stranger".... Indicating some significance to the benefactor rather than in game fluff of the stranger?

Anyway my thoughts are below on why I can't rule it out that it might be the TDW (and why I don't think it's describing power play)


1. Anonymous organisation

Could be TDW...? (or any other secret organisation in game)

No power play factions are anonymous?

2. Specific remit: to seek out those who have the potential to become real movers and shakers, those precious few with the talent to mould and shape the galaxy around them, to create change on a grand scale.

TDW were early pioneers in space exploration, discovering things, having adventures, finding massive treasures, investigating myths.... the things movers and shakers do... don't have to be a politician or famous... you could be a mover and a shaker in any field. And who would the TDW be looking for as we know they look for people... I'm guessing the best of the best of the best sir!

The talent & create change on a grand scale bits mentioned could be referring to the Elite requirement? (often cited as a possible entry requirement for as long as I can remember)

No power play game play seeks out people or movers or shakers?

3. We find them, and then we test them.

Like the TDW entry requirement?

Power play doesn't have tests? (Unless you consider the endless grind a test!)

4. Consider this your test. Take the ship. Take the money. No strings, no hidden clauses. Do with them what you will. Blaze your own trail. Impress me, perhaps you’ll learn more.

Perhaps you'll learn more by receiving an invite to the TDW if you pass the test and impress them?
Blaze your own trail.... "It's journey that everyone has to travel for themselves" ;-)

There is nothing to learn about power play and who can you impress?


Just some thoughts!