Rochester
Aug 6, 2022
#26,597
In my opinion ED is riddled with inconsistency.

The Codex I feel is part confirmation, part alibi.

The Codex identifies the DW and Raxxla as in game (at least initially as textually in lore).

The alibi arises when FD allude that there ‘maybe’ a test, but said source of that information is very likely unreliable. Next it states said test, if initiated, would not be recognised, nor ever acknowledged, only upon the discovery of the DW station.

FD then state when directly questioned about the Codex and the manual, that certain factions and permits are not currently active. I take that to mean the DW invite is not currently active. That’s speculative insight.

Of course the DW station may still be findable?

Next we discover the tip-off missions, released some years later.

These look like filler, but the use of the term ‘mystery tip-off’ and some form of mission becomes very apparent to be maybe likened to that description in the manual, although never actually acknowledged by FD to be so.

Recently FD acknowledged when directly questioned, that said mystery persons are just faction NPCs who want to remain incognito, and are just an added thank you for continued service to said faction, and certainly not linked to the mysterious benefactor of the manual. So we can certainly rule them out.

We are still at pains to truly understand what the relationship is between the manual and codex entries. If we accept the inflections presented by FD both in the manual and Codex, a simply application of logic identifies this as an in game test. But with no known activation sequence?

Yet FD provide tantalising information that said factions may not be active currently.

To me that lowers the probability that the DW invite is active to below 50%, an application of simple logic and knowledge of FD modus operandi could indicate is that it is narrative driven, ergo not currently physically accessible.

If so then the application of the Codex is more alibi than it is actual, and I would go further to assume it is FD way to cover over a redundant narrative which they discarded circa 2016/2017.

Is it worth looking?

Who knows, if we accept that FD statements about Raxxla as being ‘in game’ are ‘currently’ true, in there relative sense and not in the sense that they are either were in game but now aren’t, or it/they are ‘narratively’ in game or the location/s exist eg in the galaxy map; then it / they are simply truly ‘out there’ but logic would present that there is no true way to find them other than simply stumbling upon them.

What we can assume to a great deal is if the Codex is correct then Raxxla or at least a clue to Raxxla exists somewhere within the bubble because of the dates provided in relation to Tau Ceti.

My investigations concerning Yggdrasil, is an association investigation, based off a simple assumption that if MB seeded the location of Raxxla, he also left behind some clues in game, either intentionally or unintentionally.

It is very likely that FD moved things, but beig as there are no true indications (other than those based off Tau Ceti) it’s a good jumping off point that ‘something’ may be found within the bubble, and very close to Sol.

Combine that fact that the Tau Ceti date describes a sphere of influence, and that said sphere also encompasses the tree of Yggdrasil which it’s self is referred to elsewhere in Delphi, installed at the same time of the Codex, and that said sphere also matches a similar John Milton sphere… it looks to me at least something is there to be found (or maybe was, or is yet to be)…

What that is, is any bodies guess, no one knows, but unless FD continues to apply inconsistency, ‘something’ is very likely within that sphere of influence but I really don’t believe there is any actual DW test, not at present at least.

Personally I’m knee deep reading Norse mythology, looking for any particular correlation of the Yggdrasil stars in game… but my gut tells me it’s somewhere down the ‘Well of Uroarbrunnr…

Or it’s the back of the sofa still, I’m hoovering, so I’ll check the filter…
Last edited: Aug 7, 2022
Reactions:
Exekrator, Han_Zen, simulacrae and 1 other person