Rochester
Aug 4, 2022
#26,587
That’s true. But again we can’t take it as 100% accurate, only use such insight to assess the probability of a hypothesis.

But I do feel corporately they may be reticent to admit simple errors such as poor spelling, it sounds pedantic but admittance of such tiny errors can make such an entity look on the whole amateurish.

Also the person answering the question may not be wholly knowledgeable of any ‘bigger picture’.

Which is why such questioning of Support is fraught with some doubt, if you phrase the right question you may get a straight answer, if it’s phrased too directly, you show your hand, and they then close ranks.

Any questions to Support I feel ought to be balanced with doubt, unless they can be corroborated, for example recently in regards to them confirming about tip offs and the manual, this is the second iteration and therefore helps to confirm that hypothesis, so it would go from a 60% probability to an ‘almost certain’ of 90%.

I do like the concept of wheels within wheels, and the idea the DW are somewhere on this ‘outer rim’, but context is everything and FD haven’t given us any clues, so it’s either a very clever Easter egg or narrative and although ’in game’ not currently accessible.

FD may be at pains not to reveal certain mysteries existence because it leads to additional questioning and more resource management.

If said elements are accessible then they risk through confirmation competitors stealing their concepts or players circumnavigating years of narrative (Guardians), or if not accessible it identifies that they don’t have such assets reducing customer satisfaction and opening the possibility of players simply stopping to engage, because their trust is eroded and they become aware of FD modus operandi.

I quest because I’m looking for a thread of certainty to follow, not to tip at windmills; although admittedly some imaginary windmills are more worthwhile than the dry reality presented to us.

“The truth may be stretched thin, but it never breaks, and it always surfaces above lies, as oil floats on water.”

I wonder, when Raxxla is resolved will it match our expectations, and if not will our collective imagination outweigh that of FD. Wouldn’t it be ironic if the community refuted the discovery!
Last edited: Aug 21, 2022
Reactions:
Fiera, Ataxia, simulacrae and 3 others