Jorki Rasalas
Nov 24, 2019
#13,451
My current hypothesis:

Context:
It may be worth remembering from DW’s Elite Premonition (an FD-sponsored book, so should be fairly representative of the lore) Luko, Rebecca, Elyssia and Salomé seem to all have been members of Dark Wheel. Luko left a TDW medallion engraved “Salomé” in her ship. Luko said to Hassan about Tionisla Orbital Graveyard “They say it was once the headquarters of the Dark Wheel”, Rebecca’s ship was interred there, & that’s where she (& Elyssia?) was killed by The Club’s minions. However I searched Tionisla pretty thoroughly with no joy.

I think the codex TDW station pic is a strong clue, but the colour balance has been adjusted, and quite possibly also the distance relationships between planet, star and station. The colour balance can be adjusted by comparison with other examples of this type of station such as Aulin Enterprise.

I am no longer convinced that TDW station orbits the 8th moon of a gas giant. The codex entry clearly indicates Lyta Crane’s knowledge on this may not be credible. Lyta Crane is an anagram of “LYT (i.e. dwarf star types) ARCANE”, is this relevant? “Arcane” means “understood by few; mysterious or secret”, so maybe a hint she is actually a DW stooge misleading us? OR perhaps it is a hint the station is near an L, Y or T type star? From discussion on the forum threads the codex pic star type may be: TTauri protostar, S carbon star, L brown dwarf, Herbig, M (VI) subdwarf, BUT NOT Y or T dwarves (too purple). I have visited quite a few systems in the bubble hosting these types of stars, without success.

Having done much long-range searching, I now suspect TDW station (and probably Raxxla) are within, or close to, the bubble (the “station has been in use for centuries”). The rumours arose early and the earliest mention is from Tau Ceti, not all that far from Sol so humanity hadn’t spread very far into space. The station is an old-style orbis, similar to Aulin Enterprise/Aulin or Abraham Lincoln/Sol. That should give us the likely distance of the station from its parent body, assuming it is in normal orbit. It may be located at a Lagrange point, & it may be this is the hint from the codex pic (suggesting L2 point). N.B. These old stations would probably not have ben capable of moving very far, so I think this is a reasonable hypothesis. Jaques is a later type of station with different configuration.

I don’t think the station is hidden behind a permit lock (though Raxxla might be, if so the permit is likely obtainable via this station). I don’t think it will be obvious on fss, or on nav panel until very close (if at all). I suspect we may have to eyeball it by parallax & drop in manually. Though it may be hidden by another in-game mechanism; possibly “salvageable wreckage” permanent poi, & Cmdr haxmurderer made a good point that it may be hidden in an asteroid field that's just beyond the planet.

However my current hypothesis is
SPOILER: DO YOU REALLY WANT TO READ THIS?




































Reactions:
Fiera, Jhaelen, CMDR John Luke Paperbone and 13 others