Jorki Rasalas
Nov 24, 2019
#13,455
Vetinari said:
I like your thinking Jorki….really enjoyed that tinfoil journey into your thinking. May have sparked a few ideas for me.

4 I's 2 C - have often wondered if this is how its read, a system with 4 x GG & 9 moons and 2 GG with 3 moons....or something....coordinates? (I may as well tinfoil about this I have nothing else to go on)

I too think DW station, if it still exists, is near Sol, has to be, was 'disused' when the DW took it over in the first place meaning it had been built, used and abandoned all in the early stages of interstellar travel, ideally somewhere near Lave et al. How many people travel straight up or down from the bubble rather than 'out' in a 'flat' direction, often wondered how unexplored the planes are around the bubble. If it was 2000 LY out from the bubble it should have a connected story as to why it was built in the first place, but that in no way excludes it, it just 'should' exclude it.

I have a nagging doubt most of it is time-locked, wont happen until a certain date regardless of what we do, but the hints from DB & MB that it is there lead me on....not complaining.

Has anybody from Fdev confirmed the existence of the DW as such and said that it is possible to do something that makes them initiate contact at the moment? I cant find anything as such, mentions of Raxxla but very little of the DW itself spoken about.

And I still don't know who the DW are. All these mentions of hidden, black ops, some kind of military outfit etc from the beacons all over - I think its supposed to read as The Club in various guises but Salome herself refers to a 'shadowy revolution' in a very strange grammatical way. Could Shadowy = Dark, Revolution = Wheel....maybe? So maybe its the DW and not The Club? Maybe that's the everything we know is a lie bit. But if it is, what do I do with that info, not a flipping clue!

Who knows, but aint it fun
Click to expand...

Mmm, I quite like the “shadowy revolution” as a hint to the Dark Wheel, but since (from Premonition) Rebecca, Salomé et al were supposed to be part of the DW, and they are at odds with The Club, then I suspect that doesn’t lead us anywhere. I think the black ops hints are to AEGIS, The Club etc & not TDW, who are (from the codex) supposed to be adventurers and explorers rather than a military outfit. I think AEGIS & The Club are successors to INRA, but the Club are powerful elitists who want to save their own hides, and those of the wealthy elite members of society. The codex confirms, sort of, the existence of TDW. My last post gives a pretty strong hint who I think TDW are, or at least one of the wheels, since Premonition also tells us it is an organisation of wheels within wheels. Of course there are several other factions in that system, so I might have chosen the wrong one to get allied with!

Can no longer agree it’s fun, after so many trips out there I’ve totally lost my sense of humour!!! But I may do it once more to see if I can get those 3 annies again, I’m in my battlewagon krait now so might stand a chance....

I also find that apparent alignment to LFT509 intriguing...


We know from ED change notes that Witch’s Reach had military convoys added, so does that mean it was not originally permit locked? Or was it locked from game release and this upgrade added in that knowledge as another clue? Not that it helps since we have absolutely no idea how to get the permit- the galmap entry says explicitly it’s locked by Pilots Federation, so do we need to do some test for PF? Are they the real DW?
Last edited: Nov 24, 2019
Reactions:
yelboc and Six6VI