CMDR EfilOne
Mar 24, 2017
#293
Huh, wow. Never thought there would be so much misconception and confusion between Raxxla and the Rift mystery ...

Okay so, as Drew mentionned above, the two mysteries are wildly different things, and I think it's preferable to build a wall between the two mysteries right now before the confusion becomes impossible to cope with.
Do both exists and are ingame ? Yes
Do we know anything more about Raxxla ? It's there. PERIOD.
Do we know more about the Formidine Rift ? The 4 other threads created in the span of two years will answer that question.

Now to clear off to horizon/not horizon confusion, I'd like to point out that Drew writes things. Wonderfully, amazingly well. So pretty please, pay attention to his wordings, because everything he ever said isn't just some random phrases threw out in the void to answer some questions hastly.
- It can be found without horizon. Can --> Implies a possibility, amongst several other outcomes.

If more attention was paid, it would also be common knowledge right now that Drew said, several times, that players actions will sometimes move the mystery forward and "enhance it" in certain angles.

- Did the Conflux, Hawkin's Gap and Formidine Rift regions existed when the game launched ? OF COURSE NOT, it's been named by Erimus & al. for the galactic mapping project.
-Did the settlements in thoses regions were planned when the initial mystery was thought out ? OF COURSE NOT, since the GMP wasn't even a thing back then, and barely anyone knew about the mystery.

Solving and finding clues are two wildly different things ! Solving the mystery doesn't necessarily requires further findings that may use new ingame mechanics, or user-generated content; It's that simple !

Finally, I also want to point out that this thread relates to Raxxla, and not the Formidine Rift. We have a whole thread for that matter, so let's not merge dogs and wolves, maybe ?

~EfilOne out o7
Last edited: Mar 24, 2017
Reactions:
PaulieWotsit, Archon Valec, Lyrae Cursorius and 2 others