Han_Zen
Aug 15, 2019
#10,695
Jorki Rasalas said:
Just checked the ED timeline yesterday. From Codex the first report of Raxxla myth was in 2296, but that is even before the era of the original game, which I think is around 3190 (from wiki - mycoid attack on goids). So Raxxla myth must originally have been something insubstantial, such as an insubstantial goal that could never be found... giving a name which was then applied to “it” when “it” was found. Or am I going off my head here?
The original game starts of in 3125. The player is locked in the GalCop navigation system, with no way to reach the rest of the galaxy. According to Imprint(book for Elite +), it was possible to obtain a full jump license from GalCop(Not for players). Being Elite was a requirement for this license.
The limitations(jump range) and requirements(Elite) that Alex Ryder face, does not necessarily apply to the rest of the humanity, in the same period. At the same time as we and Alex are locked in GalCop space, the Federation and Empire have been operating for hundreds of years. They use different navigation systems and jump drives. Probably the same as we use in FE:2 and FFE.
The way events are dated makes it highly likely that information of Raxxla's existence and whereabouts came from the Mars relic, that was found in the 2280s.
The Feds have kept the nature of the relic secret, from day one. It must be important. Chances are that a smal group within the Federation used the relic to find Raxxla. The knowledge would then have been kept within a smal group and not revealed to the greater Federation leadership. This may be the group that eventually became the club.

The Dark Wheel is a secret group of treasure seekers and myth hunters. They probably formed much later. Most likely in the GalCop systems. Their strict Elite only policy may stem from the need to get out of GalCop space, to find what they seek. Raxxla was probably just a myth to them, until Jason Ryder found some hard evidence.
The evidence was obviously lost when JR was assassinated.
They still search, like us. They may have a few hits to offer, but not enough for them to locate Raxxla. Not even in 150 years.
Reactions:
JulesD, Scytale, Six6VI and 8 others