[PS4] Filthymick420
Aug 15, 2019
#10,687
Thatchinho said:
Before I explain where I'm coming from on this, I'm just going to restate that I don't think there's anything wrong with asking.

Coming back to the what was said about asking if a product has a feature implemented, I think what I'd ultimately say is that yes, it's completely reasonable to expect a straight answer from the supplier if what's being asked about is a feature that's there for everyone to use and re-use, and one person's use of it doesn't effect it for others.

However, ED's a multiplayer game with everyone playing in the same game universe and with a game universe that proceeds in real time. Raxxla is very possibly not a feature of the product in terms of people's personal copies of the game client, but is rather effectively something that's a feature of the game universe. By the nature of that game universe and the way that players interact with it both in and out of the client, it's also very possible that anything involving Raxxla will represent an irreversible change that effects everyone. There's no rewinds, and there's no replays when it comes to major events in the game universe. Once something has happened, it's happened, and it's happened for everyone.

In other words, there's potential impact covering all players, even including non-current ones. Which means they have to be much more careful in what they say than in a scenario where what's being asked about is about personal re-usable features.

Considering matters in that context, to what extent they can answer very much depends on the nature of the situation, which we don't really know enough about to make a call on whether they can answer.

Also, we don't know how they'd be able to answer, if they can, and what the effects might be. For a few examples of what could happen:









Various hypothetical Q&A scenarios below to illustrate.
































Long and short, it's potentially a bit of a minefield, and personally I'd say they'd be pretty crazy to head into it unless they're actually at a point where they want to start giving things away.

Again, no harm in asking though, and who knows you might actually get a response.
Click to expand...
Deep ASF. Mind completely blown