Edelgard von Rhein
E
Aug 15, 2019
#10,699
In Tau Ceti there is a tourist beacon around the world Bell's Wreck, 'Early Hyperspace' (Tourist Spot 0166). This states that in the 22nd Century hundreds of automated probes were sent to all the systems nearby Sol. This may be the era when Raxxla was discovered, especially if it needed to already be a myth by 2296.
SPOILER
These early hyperdrives were unreliable, so they may have been prone to misjumping, which is one way Raxxla could have been found at that time whilst finding it in 1000+ years of searching by The Dark Wheel et al. has so far failed (as far as we know). That means it could be anywhere in the Milky Way, though there would only be the automated probe's transmissions to tell you anything about it. If Raxxla had been visited and exploited as a result of a misjumped probe's transmission, then it must have been close enough for the hyperdrive technology of the era to enable it to be reached, or for the misjump to have been reproducible. Alternatively, Raxxla may have been on the course one of these probes followed, meaning it was then within range of those probes, perhaps within 100LY or so of Sol. Although the tourist beacon does not mention it, I would presume that automated probes continued to be sent out on a regular basis but if this beacon is providing a loose hint to which the Codex mention of Tau Ceti is intended to point us, then this may be telling us that Raxxla is (at least in 2296) in one of those early systems visited by probes.

In 3300, when ED began, the maximum jump range afaik was 41.12LY in a fully stripped down Anaconda. That's enough to reach the vast majority of the Milky Way and the unreachable places are only out on the Rim or above and below the Galactic Plane or in between the arms in certain places. There are no misjumps in ED. If a group like The Club know where Raxxla is, they would have set out to reach and exploit it the moment they had the jump range to get there. Their challenge then is to hide their tracks so that no one from The Dark Wheel follows them. Galnet has mentioned 'Wake Suppression' technology being developed by Bill Turner iirc, so perhaps it is somewhere close enough to the current Bubble that they are worried about people following them (I know Premonition suggests other motivations but this is the kind of technology that The Club would consider highly desirable to travel to and from Raxxla without being discovered).
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Scytale, Six6VI and 4 others