CMDR Zulu
Dec 3, 2019
#13,700
Han_Zen said:
This is a fine hypothesis. I think you can skip the Silver Comet. That one was a character in one of the pre release ED books. The article is almost certainly submitted by the author.
I agree that the Winking Cat has god hint potential.

Thanks for clearing that up.
So after comparing the dates from Winking Cat’s potential hint I think we have a THEORETICAL window every 3 days.
To be sure I’d have to spend a few hours following the pattern back a few years and compare it to important dates. So I’ll have to do that some other time BUT that also made me think about time frames.

Winking Cat also stole the New Year’s Eve holoscuplture. Perhaps the countdown to 12am followed by his logo could hint at a specific time window on the 3rd day interval.

Going back over the Spaceflight one disaster Felicia Winters was very specific with the time frame of the disaster. 2 days before the ship went missing they changed course to Azaleach (I don’t know where they changed course from). Then they entered witchspace at 03:00am (The witching hour) on the third day Server time, the rest is history. I’m not sure if they entered hyperspace inside Azaleach or jumped into it from another system. This is complete speculation by me, server time might not mean anything it’s just where my thought process went to.

All of this aside while looking at the Raxxla logo it may also be a possibility that there are 3 correct choices and 3 incorrect choices as far as entry point is concerned. 3 that are successful and 3 that result in destruction similar to Spaceflight one and The Antares. I hope this is the case rather than only one potential entry point every 3 days.

Dec 3, 6, 9, 12, 15...Etc are the possible window days I’ve come up with following Winking Cats potential pattern established 14 February. The next day he struck was 31 August which followed the pattern. Admittedly it’s a very simple pattern so that should be taken with a grain of salt.


We’re past the time window (if we’re trying to emulate Halsey that is) for today if I’m not mistaken.

Man I hope I’m not completely wrong.
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Rochester, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 5 others