Han_Zen
Dec 3, 2019
#13,691
CMDR Zulu said:
My theory...buckle up gents I’m deep in the tinfoil.

1) The Silver Comet: It’s said that all who see this “comet” die. A bounty hunter reported seeing it in Quiness then was last seen in Alioth, never to be seen again. I believe this is a spotting of Raxxla and a reference to it moving.

2) The Toast: The Jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies; Sirius. It’s been called the burning star and blocks out a cluster of stars known as Gaia 1. We also have the first high liner hyperspace disaster here with the Antares.
2A) The Whisperer in Witchspace: The moon Tethys in Sol. Tethys is also the Wife of Oceanos the “deepest void”. Tethys is also the name of the generation ship that was killed by strange murderous whispers. So the system is Sol imo.
2B) The Parents Grief: This one is tough. Lugh reported 25,000 children going missing over a year. Alioth is in Ursa Major which in mythology was nearly killed by her son. Eotienses due to Patreus and Winking Cat visit. This one has me struggling not going to lie.

2C) Lovers Woe: Vega, Vega and Altair are separated only to have a celestial bridge reunite them periodically. Also Gan Romero left his wife behind here after his strange disappearance.

2D) The yearning of our vagabond hearts: Azaleach; It was the site of Halsey’s disaster. The scent of Azaleas are said to cause homesickness. Meaning the yearning of a vagabond. Halsey just so happens to have a sister named Azalea as well. Perhaps she saw the systems name and was reminded of her sister and requested the last minute destination change that brought about the disaster.

These could all be wrong but that’s just my thinking.

The Winking Cat: This “entity” seems to be hinting at the time window to reach Raxxla imo. I’m of the belief that Raxxla is a powerful AI perhaps the remaining Guardian AI that wants to be discovered. Here's why: The first item taken by Winking Cat was located in a titanium vault with force fields and a bunch of other defenses. The item was named Youscape (YOU S CAPE) a bunch of cameras attached to an AI node that changes based upon the viewer. To me this is alluding to what Raxxla is, an AI surrounded by force fields that is able to cause people to be drawn to it, like Halsey, and Romero.

The reason Starship One and The Antares got destroyed was because they jumped into Raxxla’s vicinity during the window that the force fields were up. These force fields are depicted by the 3 inner arcs around the central circle of the Raxxla logo. In my opinion of course.

The Time Frame: Here’s what I’ve gotten so far. Based on the dates and locations of Winking Cat thefts I believe the window can be nailed down. During one theft on mars on the 14th of Feb he stole 3 pieces of art work. Rembrandt Self Portrait with 2 Circles (17th Century). Guernica by Picasso (20th Century) and Terra Absentia (Look into the meaning of Terra Absentia) by Zoe Okeke (23rd Century). So 17th 20th and 23rd. I believe The time window is described here but I can’t narrow it down conclusively and I don’t have Sirius, Vega, or Alioth permits. Alioth is involved for certain imo due to the Silver Comet, Halsey going to 78 Ursae Majoris and Winking cat.

Anyways I looked into Rembrandt’s Two Cirlces and the circles are believed by some to reference the Rota Aristotelis, Aristotles wheel paradox. Galileo tried to solve it by using hexagons (like the Raxxla logo seems to love) and his solution was that one side of the hexagon would not be in contact every rotation. To me this means hints at a periodic entry point.

Guernica was a painting done by Picasso due to the bombing of Guernica which he only decided to paint because of an article he read in the newspaper. Perhaps hinting at using Galnet to solve the mystery. The painting also has a lightbulb eye thing in it that some say references technology being the path to peace or enlightenment.

To summarize: I believe we can jump into Raxxla if you’re in the correct system. Sirius, Sol, Alioth and Azaleach seem to be confirmed to me. (confirmation bias anyone?) Others that I’m not sure about Eotienses, Lugh, and Vega. The window and some locations seems to be provided by Winking Cat but I’m probably too dense to narrow it down and lack numerous permits. I also don’t know if you need to jump from one of the systems to another identified or if it’s something that can be super cruised to.

Thoughts on this madness?
Click to expand...
This is a fine hypothesis. I think you can skip the Silver Comet. That one was a character in one of the pre release ED books. The article is almost certainly submitted by the author.
I agree that the Winking Cat has good hint potential.
Last edited: Dec 3, 2019
Reactions:
Rochester, FullM3talX, BluWolve and 4 others