Jorki Rasalas
May 29, 2019
#8,355
Tacticus2711 said:
Project dynasty was happening in 3 nebulae locations, the same three out of 6 which if you’ve read my earlier posts are where crossovers from the Thargoid map and is where Raxxla flag cross over lines (drawn from each point) meet. Let’s not forget Salomé relayed a message TO the children of Raxxla suggesting that these locations be HEAVILY investigated. Why the children of Raxxla? Why not a different faction?
The ‘club’ also commissioned these expeditions and we know they are responsible for a long chain of events that myths of Raxxla have been woven into.

Project Dynasty bases are found in Formidine Rift, Conflux and Hawkings Gap; yes, those areas were heavily investigated (including some of the participants in this thread, not just by CoR) and the bases were found together with their log files. I’ve been to the first two areas and there are no nebulae involved.

What makes you think The Club are responsible for a long chain of events that relates to Raxxla myths? From what we’ve seen in-game and Drew Wagar’s two FD-sponsored Elite books The Club are related only to Thargoids and preparations of an elitist minority to leave the majority of humanity behind while they flee a Thargoid invasion to save their own lives, and Salomé’s story was her attempts to reveal those machinations; I don’t think there is any evidence linking the Club to Raxxla, but am willing to be convinced otherwise if you can quote the references. On the contrary Drew Wagar has confirmed that while The Club was his invention, FD required all the book authors to stay off the subject of Raxxla.

Some people on this thread appear to be confused by the fact that Drew also wrote an earlier series of fan-fiction books (the Oolite series) which are very good reads but are most definitely not canon for ED; in that series Raxxla was a moon that appeared at Lave but it was capable of travel through hyperspace. He re-used the Rebecca character from that series as the old lady in his two official ED books.
Reactions:
Scytale and rOmiLaYu