Rochester
May 1, 2023
#30,248
Grens404 said:
Oh my apologies - I didn't see Persephone as a location. I see it now.

If you don't mind me asking - what program are you using called?

It’s an IPhone app called 3DModelling. Very simple to use. I’m trained in GIS but don’t have the time to build this data via my Office systems, so this App is a rough n ready compromise, but it allows me to plot points very quickly in 3D.

I’ve since updated this underworld list following tin-foiling on the Shibboleth, resulting in the discovery of the naming origins of the system Ahti, the fabled location of the lost Sampo device of Finnish mythology.

Given Ahti’s general location close to LTT 606 (Marianne's Journey to Arcadia) and Artemis (Elite Legacy), but predominantly Ahti being yet another sunken kingdom, I no longer believe it’s a coincidence so have included it.

LTT606 is relatively close to the path of Persephone and Demeter in game, it has the faction ‘Confederation of Muriges’ and a persistent NPC contact named ‘Persephone’ (at least last time I checked)!

I do believe our attention towards these underworlds is intended, there is another piece of the puzzle missing, the references implied by a Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars.

Is the system Artemis a metaphor for the ‘children’s story’ so because it’s the setting for Brookes book ‘Elite Legacy’ which does reference a child’s story?

Artemis was also the sister of Persephone.

Is Marianne's Journey to Arcadia a metaphor for Lady Mary Sidney, ergo a royal female Astrophel?

Who knows. But it just seems to correlate far too well. But still what is it we are supposed to find?

Its unlikely I feel to just be ‘there’ because someone would have found it by now. So we need to entertain the possibility it could be anything that directs our attention, a mission, a POI a number station etc, I suspect there ought to be a way point, that tells us to go elsewhere.

There are other obvious paths, but I feel more information is needed before any conclusive leads can be built.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10129970

Who knows?

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10125313

O7
Last edited: Jul 13, 2023
Reactions:
Shadowsnog and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian