Louis Calvert
Dec 3, 2024
#35,482
Since we're talking about ancient history there's actually something in the timeline that I think is arguably more interesting than the Martian Relic, and I think it is directly related to Raxxla. I haven't talked about it before because it's a lot of speculation.

Use this timeline as a reference because it's pretty complete. Look through it, especially the early part of human history as we venture into space after WW3. Consider the reference lore that's used.

Notice something, or rather, the lack of something?

"22nd Century: The first hyperdrive is invented by a team led by Li Qin Jao, spurring an explosive wave of exploration and colonization beyond Sol."

One of the most monumental discoveries/inventions made in the entire history of humanity, and there's much less info on it than most other significant events.

This Galnet news story from 3301 is pretty much everything there is in the Lore about the invention/discovery of Hyperdrive. This is the entire entry: "...the explosive exploration triggered by the invention of the hyperdrive by Li Qin Jao and others in the 22nd century, first by unmanned probes, then with manned craft" It's basically one sentence.

Edit: adding in this Tourist beacon for reference:

This Tourist Beacon just explains that once it was invented it was used, obvs...

Now just take a bit of time to look over the timeline (and by extension the Galnet/Tourst Beacon entries) and think about the fact that there is more written about John Taylor or Marlin Duval than there is about Li Qin Jao or anyone else that pioneered Hyperspace tech. There's an entire space station in orbit of Earth named for Li Qing Jao alongside Abraham Lincoln, Galileo, etc. indicating how monumentally important he was... yet in the actual lore we're given basically nothing - not even a date when the first Hyperspace ship was tested, or the first time a Hyperdrive was activated, etc. Literally nothing at all.

Who was Li Qing Jao? Was he working for a corp? was he a mad lone inventor? Was he the first to sit in a ship and enter Hyperspace or was he just a labcoat? Who was the first to enter Hyperspace, and what happened... how long were Hyperdrives being developed for? Who funded the research? Was it a discovery or an invention? Did he also develop Quirium fuel? etc.etc?

Whoever was the first to travel through Hyperspace should be up there with Gagarin, Glenn, Armstrong, etc. and yet... nothing.

Consider how much lore there is on other parts of history, some of it there's a surprisingly large amount considering it's ancient history. I think this is evidence of a deletion in the lore - or more specifically obfuscation. I can't believe that Brookes et al. spent so long developing all this lore about all these historical things, including the gen ships and early colonies - and yet the early Hyperdrives are basically 15 words.

I think this is also linked to The Dark Wheel - as I said ages ago, who were they hiding from? Why did they need to hide? Why be clandestine, why have a hidden base? Where did TDW come from?

I think the original Dark Wheel was formed from some of the early Hyperspace pioneers, that's why there's no Lore on that monumental part of history, it's all wrapped up in what is now secret stuff.
Last edited: Dec 3, 2024
Reactions:
Lhorndra and Ian Doncaster