Louis Calvert
Dec 5, 2024
#35,489
selbie said:
Where there is smoke...
View attachment 410665
The Sirius Corp can't have become a fourth superpower without some kind of prescient control (prophecy, Apollo's Oracle) over making the right choices (free will, Oedipus).

An overt clue is in the direct quote from Yong Rui himself in the EDKB:

It effectively implies he is claiming a deeper understanding of time / fortune / fate.
Think of the prescience of Dune's Guild Navigators - a similarly powerful group who maintain an effective monopoly on space travel. Li's thesis title "Becoming the Watchmaker" reinforces this notion of understanding the nature of time or the fates / destiny. His thesis is based on the "" - which to me is clearly implying he claims a 'higher understanding' of how to utilise this. What a "convenient control" of such a potent power

Li Yong-Rui is part of the Li dynasty (family name addressed first). So there is a reasonable chance the dynasty derived from the success of Li Qin Jao's invention. How Qin Jao came to that discovery is unknown - perhaps benefiting from an certain alien artifact discovered by corporate pioneer explorers?

First name = Yong = 'forever'
Generational name = Rui = 'sharp/acute/keen'
- thus, "Forever Keen" or "Keen of Forever"
During the reign of Emperor Yao, Gao Yao served as Dali (大理), or Minister of . Gao Yao's descendants adopted Li (理) as their surname, from the title Da (meaning "great ").
So Li Yong Rui could be interpreted as "the judge forever keen" or forever keen judge - implying an everlasting ability to judge the future.
.


Private corporate interests were a big part of exploration in the early space era. So it would make sense that once the Hyperdrive was invented by Li Qin Jao he would have formed a manufacturing business around it, or at least had a controlling stake in it. Let's assume Li's first hyperdrive was purely an invention of skill and not of a mysterious alien object:
Assuming there was a certain "something" that assisted Mr Li in his discovery, or something that he had come across in the early use of the hyperdrive which aided their advancement, his family would probably want to guard it fiercely.
If this family is associated with TDW: "each are honoured with an invitation to join the group" - sharing parallels with dynastic tradition.
So it's easy to see that this vacuum of knowledge, if an intentional one, around such a profound historic discovery is very likely the result of an intensely guarded secret or at the very least a tradition of corporate-minded generations habitually hiding family history to maintain control over their destiny.

IRL was a famous 11th Century Chinese . The 'zh' in mandarin is a 'juh' sound - thus 'Lee Chin Jao'.
Qingzhao was born in the dynasty. Her Great Ancestor of the Song dynasty, Emperor Taizu of Song, sometimes appears as a in Chinese and Taoist temples in partnership with Yang Gun.
Recall earlier I mentioned the Roman Genius Loci - protective spirit of the place. "Raxxla is a definite place"....."A place that is not a place"
So many doors, if only there was a key-shaped one



Of note: Two impact craters on Mercury and Venus are named after Qingzhao.
Something to consider relating to the notion of Raxxla potentially being "gated" behind a game feature:- Early ED development promised atmospheric worlds to eventually come (still waiting on those gas giants btw Mr. Braben!!! ).
I'm not saying Raxxla is in Sol, but I wonder if there were any intentions to leave a clue on a dangerous planet with full atmosphere like Venus - but the game feature just didn't make it to fruition early enough.
Click to expand...
That's very interesting indeed, good thoughts there. I hadn't thought about Li Yong-Rui being potentially descended from Li Qin Jao - that alone is very exciting.

If we consider that Raxla is likely intrinsically linked to Hyperspace travel in some way*, just for the sake of argument, then consider how that placed Sirius Corp at the front of the line when we think about this part of the Codex:

"Raxxla also plays a role in several conspiracy theories, most of which attest that it has already been discovered by some kind of sinister cabal (or sole tyrant), which has leveraged its power to establish covert dominance over humanity."

Many people already pointed to Sirius, being one of the most powerful entities in the Galaxy - but if we think about the idea that Raxxla is deeply linked to Hyperspace/Hyperdrives right form the start, and Sirius might have been part of the 'family dynasty' of Li Qin Jao then we can reconsider what "...leveraged its power to establish covert dominance over humanity" might mean.

Anyway, if Sirius has 'leveraged the power' of Raxxla to 'stablish covert dominance' over humanity in any way, then that might explain my eternal question: why was The Dark Wheel hidden? Why did the organisation need to remain secret? If they were going up against Sirius, or the forerunner of Sirius in the early days, then maybe that explains it.

So, putting all that together, regardless of the exact conditions - that does imply that looking as closely as possible at Sirius since its founding could reveal something interesting?

* "it's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves." - Michael Brookes lore interview, Question: "where is Raxxla?"
Last edited: Dec 5, 2024
Reactions:
Lhorndra, Han_Zen and Ian Doncaster