Rochester
Dec 5, 2024
#35,496
Don Alvarez said:
I have a question for the experts here. Always been curious about the Raxxla mystery and I've developed a lead I'm investigating, but I've a question maybe someone can answer. From the Wiki:

In some versions of the Raxxla story, which were later shown to have a striking resemblance to the children's story "Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars" (see Wikipedia: Astrophel and Stella) and consequently became discredited, Raxxla is said to hold an alien artefact called the Omphalos Rift, which acts as a gateway to parallel universes. Even after it was discredited, staunch supporters of the Omphalos Rift theory insist that the author of the children's story had knowledge of Raxxla's exact location and deliberately wove clues into his book.

Are the versions of the Raxxla "stories" they're talking about here available in any greater detail to read anywhere, other than the original Astrophil and Stella by Philip Sidney? Or is Sidney's poem the only actual available resource for delving for clues?

And where does this originate from? The reference points back to the KB article for Raxxla. But where did it originally come from?
Click to expand...
Your insight is as valuable as everyone else’s so please have at it as this is a real thorn in our side.

Wikipedia is not an official source of information for ED, it’s an independent resource populated by the general public.

The phrase relating ‘Astrophel’ is an unknown because it to our knowledge does not appear elsewhere else in game except the codex?

As far as it can be established there is no evident link between the game and Phil Sidney. The association is an assumption. It may not be intentional?

Its possible the word, utilised in game is one of several possibilities:

Literal
Abstract
Metaphor
Literary
Coded

The word was an invention of Sidney as a male prefix for his book, taken from the Latin. One theory could be in game, it’s literally just ‘royal’ ‘Star lover’?

It therefore could be describing an NPC?

Another is it means ‘Mary Sidney’ as a role reversal in that instance it could’ve literary?

Another is it’s meaningless?

Another is it’s simply poetic license and the writer is hinting at something / someone / someplace in game that has a similar name?

Another it’s a literary reference to emphasis a particular book outside the game that is directly linked to the game or its creators?

But…. I’m pretty sure it not a reference to Astrophel and Stella of the 1700? That’s been done to death here, I think that’s over thinking it?
Last edited: Dec 5, 2024