selbie
Dec 5, 2024
#35,488
Where there is smoke...

The Sirius Corp can't have become a fourth superpower without some kind of prescient control (prophecy, Apollo's Oracle) over making the right choices (free will, Oedipus).

An overt clue is in the direct quote from Yong Rui himself in the EDKB:
The fortune teller rattling bones in her simple hut, the smiling insurance salesman with his snakeskin briefcase and the data analyst with his interactive holographic model are all selling the same thing: certainty. One of the paradoxes of human existence is that we crave the freedom to be spontaneous, thinking it is essential to our nature, while constantly seeking reassurance that nothing unexpected is going to happen. We flatter ourselves with the belief that we are exempt from the rules of modelling that govern the rest of the universe.

— Introduction to "Becoming the Watchmaker", Li Yong-Rui's master's thesis on the innate human reluctance to accept behavioural predictability
It effectively implies he is claiming a deeper understanding of time / fortune / fate.
Think of the prescience of Dune's Guild Navigators - a similarly powerful group who maintain an effective monopoly on space travel. Li's thesis title "Becoming the Watchmaker" reinforces this notion of understanding the nature of time or the fates / destiny. His thesis is based on the "innate human reluctance to accept behavioural predictability" - which to me is clearly implying he claims a 'higher understanding' of how to utilise this. What a "convenient control" of such a potent power

Li Yong-Rui is part of the Li dynasty (family name addressed first). So there is a reasonable chance the dynasty derived from the success of Li Qin Jao's invention. How Qin Jao came to that discovery is unknown - perhaps benefiting from an certain alien artifact discovered by corporate pioneer explorers?

First name = Yong = 'forever'
Generational name = Rui = 'sharp/acute/keen'
- thus, "Forever Keen" or "Keen of Forever"
During the reign of Emperor Yao, Gao Yao served as Dali (大理), or Minister of Law. Gao Yao's descendants adopted Li (理) as their surname, from the title Dali (meaning "great judge").
So Li Yong Rui could be interpreted as "the judge forever keen" or forever keen judge - implying an everlasting ability to judge the future.
Cross reference.

Timeline
Private corporate interests were a big part of exploration in the early space era. So it would make sense that once the Hyperdrive was invented by Li Qin Jao he would have formed a manufacturing business around it, or at least had a controlling stake in it. Let's assume Li's first hyperdrive was purely an invention of skill and not of a mysterious alien object:
2100s - Let's pick a middle date around 2150s.
Assuming good health from inventing one of the greatest inventions to propel humanity into the stars, he would live for at least 120-150 years (ps. let me know if there is official lore on human lifespans in ED anywhere).
That places him as a mature adult at the time of invention - so maybe his 40s to be conservative - so he would live until the 2230s-2260s. Plenty of time to establish a successful business around hyperspace drive manufacturing.
Sirius system was colonised by a "solely corporate mission in 2339" - This would place it around the generation of Li's grandchildren or great grandchildren - inheriting the business which may have funded the mission.
Thus, Sirius Corp was formed 2350. Approximately 200 years later.
Assuming there was a certain "something" that assisted Mr Li in his discovery, or something that he had come across in the early use of the hyperdrive which aided their advancement, his family would probably want to guard it fiercely.
If this family is associated with TDW: "each generation are honoured with an invitation to join the group" - sharing parallels with dynastic tradition.
So it's easy to see that this vacuum of knowledge, if an intentional one, around such a profound historic discovery is very likely the result of an intensely guarded secret or at the very least a tradition of corporate-minded generations habitually hiding family history to maintain control over their destiny.

IRL Li Qingzhao was a famous 11th Century Chinese poet. The 'zh' in mandarin is a 'juh' sound - thus 'Lee Chin Jao'.
Qingzhao was born in the Song dynasty. Her Great Ancestor of the Song dynasty, Emperor Taizu of Song, sometimes appears as a door god in Chinese and Taoist temples in partnership with Yang Gun.
Recall earlier I mentioned the Roman Genius Loci - protective spirit of the place. "Raxxla is a definite place"....."A place that is not a place"
So many doors, if only there was a key-shaped one



Of note: Two impact craters on Mercury and Venus are named after Qingzhao.
Something to consider relating to the notion of Raxxla potentially being "gated" behind a game feature:- Early ED development promised atmospheric worlds to eventually come (still waiting on those gas giants btw Mr. Braben!!! ).
I'm not saying Raxxla is in Sol, but I wonder if there were any intentions to leave a clue on a dangerous planet with full atmosphere like Venus - but the game feature just didn't make it to fruition early enough.
Last edited: Dec 5, 2024
Reactions:
Lhorndra, Han_Zen, Ian Doncaster and 1 other person