Louis Calvert
Dec 5, 2022
#28,233
It is difficult to know how much various things are intertwined together, but consider that (so far as we're currently aware) Thargoids, by virtue of being the oldest and widely travelled species, have had a massive impact on Human culture over the last ~500+ years:

SPOILER: CONSIDER THIS INCOMPLETE LIST:

I'm sure there's more (and I've left out Linnaeus' project to engineer better humans using Thargoid tech, and the possible Soontil/Thargoid connections, and the Club and others manipulating humanity due to anticipated Thargoid threats. etc.), but it's clear that Thargoid interactions have shaped our society for at least half of the 1000 years we've been spacefarers.

It's not inconceivable that humanity has been interacting with Thargoid technology and relics longer than that without known what they were. We know that the GCS Sarasvati's logs mention a meta-alloy-like material 130 years before they were "discovered" in the Pleiades. We don't know if someone discovered a meta-alloy pod or barnacle 600 yeas ago and that changed human science etc.

There are at least 2 examples (1) (2) of "mining sites" that discover what seem like Thargoid probes/sites buried underground?! suggesting maybe Thargoids have been seeding for long enough for probes to get buried by geology?!

The impression I get is that of the Anthropocene, the... Thargocene? Thargoids have been around for long enough to essentially change the 'natural' shape of (at least) this part of the Galaxy, and it's possible they've been knocking down upstart civilisations for millions of years. As I said above; they're clearly the answer to the Fermi Paradaox.

Essentially, I'm labouring this point because in addition to the fact that Thargoids have formed the background of the galaxy for millions of years, they're also tied in with a lot of things that seem to fit the Codex entries for Raxxla.

I don't believe it's a coincidence that Raxxlan clues lean towards Greek mythology, and the Thargoid names originate from Greek Myth because we first encountered them in the Pleiades - Fdev is aware of this. They could have made Raxxla's clues anything yet there's obvious and easy connections there (why not Hindu mythology, or ancient Sumerian, or ancient Japanese Yokai? etc.). The obvious answer is because the clues reflect the Raxxla mystery, and that mystery is based in Greek myth names/ideas, etc.

We also have many text-lore connections between the Raxxla Codex clues and Thargoids. Thargoids are linked heavily to witch-space, and Jaques mentioned how the Thargoid Probes sing in witchspace. It's know that getting scanned by a probe is one of the triggers for a hyperdiction. The Formidine Rift expeditions mention whispers and siren songs in witchspace, and also repeatedly log hyperdiction events and unexplained sightings, and equipment power-downs, all of which seem very similar to Thargoid stuff.

So many people have gravitated to the Pleaides when hunting Raxxla for the Greek Myth connections, and even investigated Thargoids for that reason. I recently suggested that the Spiralling Stars may well refer to the Thargoid starmap spiral, even.

I was going over old posts too and was reminded that the Ryder party is located in Maia - that's an NPC faction programmed to specifically exist in Maia bearing a very famous name connected to Raxxla hunters. We've mentioned many times that there's not a known Black Hole in the real Pleiades, so Fdev may have deliberately placed it for some reason.

We've discussed Delphi and Omphalos connections a lot, and many, many people come to the same conclusions. A lot of people have made connections to between the Raxxla codex and the Pleaides area for various reasons. Hell, even the people that want Holdstock's Alien World book to be relevant have seen connections between Raxxla and the Thargoids.

If the same things keep coming up again and again and again from different people investigating from different angles, it's probably significant.

Ultimately though, the question is "what's next?" even if the clues do point towards the Pleaides, I've no clue what the next part would be (if there is one), other that simply to engage the Thargoid content and see where that goes...
Reactions:
Rochester