Louis Calvert
Dec 3, 2022
#28,224
Frankymole said:
Gosh, I hope not. Both fate from the original game in 1984/85 but there was no hint that they were linked, and no reason for them to be, either. It would make the universe seem slightly smaller and less interesting if they were.
I thought the same originally , but the more I thought about it the more I changed my mind.

1) Thargoids have been in our galaxy for millions of years, it would be unlikely if they didn't have something to do with - if not Raxxla itself, then whatever ancient alien race built the Omphalos Rift.

2) Maybe 'the raxxlans' are Guardians, as many people think, in which case then yes, Thargoids definitely had something to do with Raxxla, maybe even the reason it was created in some theories are right (an escape route/weapon/etc.).

3) I think suggesting that there was a third advanced ancient alien race in this part of the galaxy is less likely than the Omphalos Rift artefact being one of the two known ancient aliens.

4) Thargoids are the closest advanced alien race to human space, and we know of course that humans have interacted with Thargoids for hundreds of years, there's a lot of early history we don't know.

5) The easiest 'simple read' of the codex clues seem to point towards the Pleiades and the Delphi system - obviously there's no way to prove that's the correct read, but it's certainly suggestive.

6) Given the Codex clues and what we know of early human history, it's likely (though not at all certain, ofc) that Raxxla is/was relatively close to Sol when it was first found/discovered/visited prior to 2296, likely within a few hundred lightyears). The Pleiades is about 400ly away and Thargoids in general were much closer than that during and before the first war (interdicting ships in the Old Worlds, at least).

7) Thargoids have been here for millions of years and have laid claim to - if not the entire galaxy - then certainly this half of it - again, millions of years before we reached space. We know that the Guardians went down a similar path to us about a million years ago. If there was an even older ancient alien race in this area of space it's possible/likely they ran into the same territorial Thargoid issue as us and the Guardians.

Maybe Raxxla isn't a planet with an alien device on it, but... we just don't know.

I personally think Raxxla is just a moon or something and there was a crashed alien ship (Thargoid possibly) and the hyperdrive system was recovered and experiemented on (The Omphalos Rift). A Thargoid hyperdrive (especially pre 2296) would be a near-magical literal gateway to another universe. It fits the Codex as well or better than many other theories espoused here Someone with access to a working Thargoid Hyperdrive in the early, dangerous, days of experimental human FTL would have access to the ability to appear and disappear at will, outrun enemies, intercept enemy ships at will - plus who knows where Witchspace leads... maybe you can travel hundreds of lightyears per wormhole transit, even now that would be a powerful tech.

Occam's razor in this case is that Thargoids are more likely to be involved than not, imo