Comandante
Dec 6, 2022
#28,240
Crikey. I never thought I'd see the day and have to admit to being slightly upset in reading your post. You Raxxla folk are a great inspiration, even if I do only lurk at this thread mainly due to having nothing to contribute. However, I completely understand and share your pain, if it helps (it doesn't).
Jorki Rasalas said:
Indeed! After 7 years personal journeying and 4 years Questing I’m getting a tad cheesed off with the current state of things. I’ve done something like over 600 jumps exploring my current theory, so far without success (apart from a suspicious comms facility that nobody seems interested in checking out) and maybe another 270 to go.... Some small successes are what make a game interesting to play, not grind. I no longer have any interest in Thargoid bashing, which seems to be the sole focus of the current gameplay. I have enjoyed Questing, and sharing thoughts with many people here, but am tired of searching for something when I don't even know what it is; FD said it has been in game from the Gamma, but wont confirm its accessibility has been tested and confirmed....ever, never mind for each game update.
They won't say anything and although I have no proof, believe it to be behind ultimate-goal unlock - all the Elites (what, now 6?) to max-level (currently IV, expecting it to increase to at least X in the next year) plus all the unlocks, plus... Who knows?
Jorki Rasalas said:
However the only current alternative seems to be SC but that’s so poor I dont enjoy it, & unfortunately Starfield is delayed yet again!
Starfield is something I am really looking forward to. I mean, A LOT. Would love to meet up in it but we'll have to wait if the modders can create a mod for that
Jorki Rasalas said:
Might have to start talking to the grandkids over Christmas!
Wonder what X4 is like?
Old duck is a big fan of X4. Might be worth heading over to the off-topic game forum and get some ideas.

Sad to see you feel defeated. However, I cannot believe we're this many years into the game with NOTHING to show. Not even a hint.

Give it some time and your mind will work in the background and you'll come back refreshed.

My biggest gripe is MB's "... make it a tiny bit obvious" comment. Tiny?! Just HOW tiny, exactly?

Quite frankly, I don't know how you folks keep going. Must be the Onionhead...

Carry on Raxxla'ing!
Reactions:
yelboc, Macros Black, Vasquess and 3 others