Darth Ender
D
Jun 15, 2020
#17,496
TiberiuS said:
Yes, you could discover a planet before horizons, but how would you know it was Raxxla from orbit, unless it said so (which would be boring af). Also imagine the outcry if someone had found it before Horizons and you couldn't do anything with it because the gameplay doesn't allow it yet.
I think it being not a planet but some other thing in orbit/space somewhere makes a lot of sense from that perspective. You don't need Horizons for those Guardian Installations for example. Could also be something big along those lines.

Population can be seen from orbit (lights on surface in the dark). So could a large enough structure. And mapping planets will report POI's. You dont need to land on them for any of that. Dont worry though, whatever it is ...it's guaranteed to be boring AF compared to the amount of effort that has gone into looking for it. That's 100% certain.

Programming wise Raxxla could be created as some kind of instanced discovery, like we can discover it, but it is closed or whatever and you couldn't interact with it. Then after some time the narrative goes on and on and step for step we uncover more of its secrets... just an idea how it COULD be planned by FDev... Wouldn't be the first time new discoveries went down that way.

Fdev only has time to roll with one narrative at a time. They can barely deal with thargoids that we're at war with. They're certainly not going have that + raxxla going on. And raxxla could become a factor at any time thru the running of the game. Effectively totally altering the course of what they are going to work on with the narrative. I dont think that kind of thing would ever be something left up to chance.

Whatever raxxla is, it's going to be something that doesn't create any change in the narrrative ....no matter what narrative is going on at the time of the discovery. The only way that happens is if there's nothing to raxxla anymore. Raxxla isn't something that they intend for someone to find eventually, it's something they intend nobody will find and so isn't a stepping stone in any narrative that they spoon feed users like they did with the formadine rift and thargoids.

I'd love to be proved wrong, but i like my odds at being right.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and Mrrshal