Rochester
Jan 29, 2024
#33,227
selbie said:
Amazing work!
That is quite a strong symbolism. Again, Shamash and Thetis feature prominently.

Jacques' Journey:
I'm not fully up to speed with the story of Jacques but from the wiki it says he was conscripted into the "Quinentis Fourteens" black ops team.
His cybernetic modifications effectively gave him immortal life, and were a point of dispute between two powers. This runs parallel to the Argonautica, in which Thetis attempts to make her son Achilles immortal by "burning away his mortality by night, and anoint him with ambrosius during the day". The mortal Peleus caught her and let out a cry. Symbolising that Achilles would not be perfectly immortal. An alternate is that Thetis dipped him in the River Styx (one of the five rivers of Hades) to grant him immortality.

The two major powers disputed the ownership of Jacques' implants for a time - mirroring the interaction with Peleus and Thetis.

If we look at the etymology of Jacques, it stems from Jacobus, or the Hebrew Yaakov - "one who follows" or "following after".

There is also a parallel with Shamash, in that the sun god assists Gilgamesh, also on a journey to find immortality - restoring youth with a plant / herb, but losing it from a snake. Defying sleep, but falling into a seven day sleep.

The ship Thetis is located in Nefertem, the mythological lotus flower at the creation of the world arisen from the primal waters.

Quinentis Fourteens - Quite an odd name.
-entus = abounding in/ full of, Quin = Five
So something like the Abounding Five Fourteens?
14 in french is Quatorze

There is a biblical verse Matthew 5:14 "“You are the light of the world. A town built on a hill cannot be hidden." - referring to the Hebrew focus on light as an ideal quality.

Edit: reformatted a bit
Click to expand...
I wasn’t initially looking too deeply into such parallels, although I was aware of them.

Instead my aim was to focus upon the locational information only.

The concept has been in my mind for some considerable time, so I’m aware it’s open to pattern bias, but I do believe that there exists numerous spacial alignments or relative proximities, that might identify Shamash and Thetis are positioned intentionally. If this is correct, it could lend greater emphasis upon this hypothetical axis, if so then logically if we follow the Miltonian model - said pendent world ought to be along that axis, or at most relative to it?

Ninsun is the mother of Gilgamesh and helps him by and convincing Shamash to protect her son. In a similar fashion Thetis protects her son Achilles.

https://www.thecollector.com/achilles-gilgamesh-similarities/
Last edited: Jan 29, 2024
Reactions:
selbie and Quaero