selbie
Jan 29, 2024
#33,221
Rochester said:
A bridge to the Empyrean?

*note these concepts are hypothetical tin-foil.

Concept:
If a cosmological model based upon John Milton’s Paradise Lost does exist in game, then the textual reference that Heavens gate was an equivalent distance from the gates of hell if likewise replicated and accurate, could hypothetically be used in game to identify where heaven’s gate might be if there was a common axis?

The centre of this hypothetical zone of Chaos as I’ve previously proposed, is based upon supporting evidence, to be most likely Sol, due to the presence of numerous systems named after storm/thunder gods that are in a bubble around Sol.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'


The lowest aspect of this hypothetical zone I’ve proposed to be this is based upon the Paradise Lost text, which identified that the deepest vault of Erebus shook with the sound of the gates being opened.

If we then join these points and extend the line of sight; does it identify the gates of Hell?

When we do this, said line does actually intersect very close to the path of Jaques!



Within the path of Jacques there is an odd diversion, if we then that path before Jacques left the bubble, between HIP 110079 and HIP 110620 then strangely said line

Note, this line is also at the midpoint between the systems ‘Bridge’ and ‘HIP 114458’ which is the home of the gen ship (the Death mist).





If we then extend that line of sight upwards and beyond the hypothetical boundary of Chaos, into the northern hemisphere, said line of sight does strangely come into very close alignment with the systems and






Do the systems ‘Bridge’ and ‘Achlys’ (HIP 114458) Death mist) identify an abstract point of origin for Satans bridge to heavens gate, remembering that Sinn and Death guarded the gates of Hell and then built a bridge linking Paradise to Hells gate.

Does the alignment then with Shamash identify the northern axis of Chaos, and that the Pendent world - Paradise aka Raxxla exist someplace along this axis, outside the boundary of Chaos, close to the Empyrean?
Click to expand...
Amazing work!
That is quite a strong symbolism. Again, Shamash and Thetis feature prominently.

Jacques' Journey:
I'm not fully up to speed with the story of Jacques but from the wiki it says he was conscripted into the "Quinentis Fourteens" black ops team.
His cybernetic modifications effectively gave him immortal life, and were a point of dispute between two powers. This runs parallel to the Argonautica, in which Thetis attempts to make her son Achilles immortal by "burning away his mortality by night, and anoint him with ambrosius during the day". The mortal Peleus caught her and let out a cry. Symbolising that Achilles would not be perfectly immortal. An alternate is that Thetis dipped him in the River Styx (one of the five rivers of Hades) to grant him immortality.

The two major powers disputed the ownership of Jacques' implants for a time - mirroring the interaction with Peleus and Thetis.

If we look at the etymology of Jacques, it stems from Jacobus, or the Hebrew Yaakov - "one who follows" or "following after".

There is also a parallel with Shamash, in that the sun god assists Gilgamesh, also on a journey to find immortality - restoring youth with a plant / herb, but losing it from a snake. Defying sleep, but falling into a seven day sleep.

The ship Thetis is located in Nefertem, the mythological lotus flower at the creation of the world arisen from the primal waters.

Quinentis Fourteens - Quite an odd name.
-entus = abounding in/ full of, Quin = Five
So something like the Abounding Five Fourteens?
14 in french is Quatorze

There is a biblical verse Matthew 5:14 "“You are the light of the world. A town built on a hill cannot be hidden." - referring to the Hebrew focus on light as an ideal quality.

Edit: reformatted a bit
Last edited: Jan 29, 2024
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas, Rochester and Quaero