Rochester
Jul 21, 2019
#9,698
Han_Zen said:
Personally I think that Princess Astrophel and the spiraling stars simply points to this region of the sky:


Vega being princess Astrophel and the visible Milky Way are the spiraling stars.

Raxxla is somewhere in the triangle, I guess?

This has been floating about my cabin for some time....

"The Celestial Lyre

Some versions of Orpheus's translation say that the Muses "grac'd his lyre with nine stars,"(5) presumably because they were seen to be the source of divinely inspired music, song, and dance. Which stars might have been meant by this statement is not made clear. Yet in the knowledge that in some parts of Greece there were only three Muses,(6) and not nine, there is every chance that this lost asterism included the three bright stars making up the Summer Triangle, with these being Vega in Lyra, Deneb in Cygnus, and Altair in Aquila. This conclusion is strengthened by the knowledge that originally the lyre, which in classical times looked like a letter "U" strung either horizontally or vertically with strings, might originally have been triangular in shape.

Orphic scholar Johann Gesner first made this observation in 1764 following the discovery of a picture showing an archaic form of the lyra at the ruins of Herculaneum in Italy.(7) This would make it more similar in appearance to the harp, a stringed instrument used extensively in European countries such as Ireland, Scotland and Wales. However, the oldest depictions of triangular harps come not from Europe, but from Egypt, where they appear on the walls of tombs as early as 2500 BCE. The famous Queen's Lyre unearthed by Sir Leonard Woolley and his team during excavations within the royal cemetery of Ur in Lower Iraq, and dating to ca. 2500 BCE,(8) is also triangular in shape. This style of instrument, which utilizes the seven-note musical scale, might thus have influenced the development of the Greek lyre and European harp in later ages. Both the triangular form of the lyre and that of the harp bear a striking likeness to the outline formed by the stars making up the Summer Triangle. This suggests very strongly that the Summer Triangle was the original celestial lyre, and not the constellation of Lyra, which bears very little resemblance to the musical instrument in question.

How exactly the area of sky marked by the Summer Triangle came to be associated with the music of the spheres, and its expression through the musical intervals of the seven-note scale is a greater mystery. One possible clue is the Cygnus constellation's identification as the celestial swan, a bird whose call has been intimately associated with music and song, as well as death and rebirth in the next world, since Palaeolithic times (The Cygnus Key)" Soul of the World: The Sweet Swans of Maeonia.
Last edited: Jul 22, 2019
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, bluecrash and Han_Zen