publicstaticvoid
Mar 14, 2019
#6,613
So I dig the deeper dive into Odysseus but how come people have written off the Cora story?

Analysis

'Cora comes home soused and raving with wild stories, a new one every night. She claims she's found a map to some pirate stash, and all I have to do is loan her my ship so we can go dig it up. Maybe we should go find Raxxla while we're at it!"

'pirate stash'
Implication being these items are stolen.

"dig it up"
The treasure Cora is referring to is buried. This insinuates that it is/was on a land-able body and possibly half buried into the surface like a crashed ship.


"Maybe we should go find Raxxla while we're at it!"
Two interpretations of this line can be made that change the entire context of the quote:

A) In 2296 Raxxla was deemed impossible to find thus Art's intention is to not take Cora and find the stash or Raxxla.
-The tone of the first line of this quote establishes Art's distaste for Cora's constant state of drunkenness and leads credence to this interpretation.

B) Raxxla was/is findable with Art intending on lending Cora his ship and locating both Raxxla plus the stash.
-The '!' is used to emphasize excitement and if this line is reread in an excited tone, eliminating all sarcasm, it can be taken at literal value

The only thing that disappeared around this time?

Beacon: Non-Human Relic [Sol]
In 2280, the first non-human relic was found in space. The object was found buried on Mars; it was no bigger than a child's hand and is still surrounded in secrecy, even in 3300. No information has ever been circulated as to the properties of this item or its origin, other than it is non-human.


If the non-human relic was stolen from Mars by pirates, This mysterious treasure could very well be the relic. It just so happens that there is a system that has a myth about buried treasure:

Beacon: Sali'naman Visitor Beacon
Local legend tells of a stash from a local pirate gang on this world. Many people have searched for it, but none have found it. Most sensible travellers claim that it doesn't exist.


Sali'naman === 96.47LY ===> Sol
Sali'naman === 89.79LY ===> Tau Ceti


I know how much ED players love a good scavenger hunt so maybe I can get a few extra hands to tear this planet apart. Regardless on whether or not we find something Raxxla related this planet has a secret to discover.




-Void
Last edited: Mar 14, 2019
Reactions:
Naaman Aram, Louis Calvert, Rochester and 2 others