Jorki Rasalas
Jun 14, 2023
#30,662
Han_Zen said:
I though the quote was that Raxxla was in game from Gamma? Gamma was when the full Galaxy was rolled out.

The eight system beta bubble was for beta 1. In Beta 2, there were a couple of hundred systems. Before the Gamma release, the Galaxy was re-seeded. Most systems changed completely, after this (different number / type of planets, different stations, different populations).
I think it’s open to interpretation. Did he mean “it’s in the currently released version”, or “it’s in the version currently under development”, or maybe “it’s in the design for the version planned for release”?

when DB said to DW “It exists, we know where it is and we know why people haven't been able to find it” (from 8th July 2014. David Braben was giving his presentation which was called "My other car's a Cobra Mk3" at the Bafta Games Showcase) the game was in open beta1, so must be in one of those 8 systems? But he might have meant in the gamma under development (Gamma implementation was released 22Nov2014).....

FDev ED-relevant quotes/videos
Since much discussion is generated on the topic of DB said this, or MB said that, etc I posted my compilation of FDev source references on the Quest for Raxxla thread for others to use. It was suggested that it should be in its own thread for everyone to access & I’m happy to oblige. Please feel...
forums.frontier.co.uk

DW also later reported that the phrasing DB used was “Raxxla...? Well - "It exists, we know where it is and we know why people haven't been able to find it...”, but we’ve never had an explanation of those two different phrasings! DW was reporting from memory, though I think he said he’d recorded it the following day. If the two utterances were actually said within the one conversation then both are applicable. “Why people haven’t been able to find it” is then significant. It could mean that:
1) it’s in a version (the beta2 or gamma) that people haven’t yet got access to, or perhaps
2) in a permit locked system & people havent had time to gain the permit yet (think this implies Sol as the nearest permit lock to that beta bubble
3) it’s hidden by some mechanism that is so abstruse that nobody has had a chance of triggering the instance

...there are probably some other possible interpretations, but I’m suffering sleep deprivation in the current UK heat wave. Contributions welcome!


All we can do is explore hypotheses and hope we find it! I still think, from the logo and existence of the Mars Alien Artefact, that it’s likely in Sol, in a ring of Saturn (though possibly Neptune). But that gameplay gets very boring, so I’m taking time out to explore the Dahan possibility...Searching for something but I dont know what it is, where it is, nor how to locate it is pretty boring gameplay anywhere I try. Ive even tried to get back into Star Citizen for some interesting gameplay, but have yet again given up-my PC is clearly vastly underpowered to run that piece of . The other day I managed in 30 minutes to get from the habitation bed into my ship and finally take off, only to get a server disconnect error....

Ive been looking with interest at the latest crop of Starfield vids, but the info on minimum PC requirements suggest that for me may not be playable either. Think Ive got past the point of wanting to splash out a grand on PC upgrades to play a game. Time to put on my grumpy old man t-shirt!
Reactions:
Macros Black, Rochester, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person