Hanerib
Nov 29, 2019
#13,603
Six6VI said:
It's also claimed they're massively unreliable so if you happen to catch a glimpse, don't let them escape.
I assume you mean dragons again. I wouldn't dare, for descending into the roots of the sacred tree, into the Halls of Veles, the humid depths of the Elysian Fields, I would risk freezing, because I have too few cybernetic parts, and my Stardreamer is malfunctioning. Though some people believe that the divine elephant Erawan sucked up all the water from depths, and now guards the entry to heavens with seven other elephants.

It is strange how old stories are. The guild of Tree-bearers always chose pine-trees, and the days before the vernal equinox, the resurrection day, were bloody indeed. The Mother of Gods, a black stone and a needle, was once given to Romans by a king called saviour and Attalus. Magna Mater thus arrived into Rome after some sky-divination and building of eight temples. It was a crazy journey for a simple tavern-maiden Kubaba, who after exchange of some fish in ancient times, was given sovereignty over the whole world.

Another famous navel and a direction of veneration would be naturally the Hittite standing obelisk of Apollo Agyieus, who in Greek times gained a human form and would simply sit on a stone instead, probably in Delphi, while her sibyls uttered weird prophecies.

(There is a bee next to Apollo)

FullM3talX said:
View attachment 153229

Perun's eye, the pole star, the needle in the sky, thunderbolt, possibly a dragon. This time the sacred tree is an oak again. Actually it would appear most of the gods in ancient Earth were just stones and wooden logs evolved into more human form. Indra looks a bit cooler than Zeus though, except when they add horns.

BluWolve said:
I think trying to profit in real life from Raxxla is going a bit far. Most likely against some ToU as well, not to mention copyright.
Raxxla? You mean that tourist planet full of senior Federal citizens and pensioners? I believe they do weekly cruises from Sol. Binge drinking and gambling. Treasure Island theme. It's somewhere in between an eye, a water snake and a phoenix, a system called Achenar. I don't know why they insist on writing it like that. It's exactly what Marlin Duval tried to escape from.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Dr. Lexus, Machina Ergo Sum and 4 others