Emperor
Aug 6, 2022
#26,603
Rochester said:
In my opinion ED is riddled with inconsistency.

The Codex I feel is part confirmation, part alibi.

The Codex identifies the DW and Raxxla as in game (at least initially as textually in lore).

As I had access to Shin Dez from the start I was allied to all the factions in there quite quickly... it's the DW missions that were turned off without explanation is for me the only indication there was something in from the start of the game....it might have been a different story arc to Raxxla or it might have been to find Raxxla....

The only reasons I can think of to justify turning them off are:

1. They were broken - but I don't remember reading anything about problems with them and pretty sure I did all/most of them without paying much attention to them at the time.
2. They were stopping access to further content.

Personally I think TDW being in the game with active missions with suggestions they are searching for something/somewhere, etc was an indication Raxxla was in game... For me the searching was either to find Raxxla or their station and I'm not sure they lost their station! Additionally the station wasn't known about at the time and so I'm guessing not in game..... although it could have quite easily have been hidden from the start (e.g. exactly like Shin Dez).... probably in Sol and in plain sight with those with eyes that see (or if you are in the TDW )

Having been in development for far too many years, I often try and remember what functionality was in the game at launch that would support the TDW & Raxxla (I'm assuming they wouldn't develop much specifically for it at the time as the game needed finishing which would have been a higher priority!)...

Anyway I've always thought it would probably take a few of these but also needed a mechanism to deliver the invitations and administer tests (missions)....

1. Discovering systems and scanning data (Honking and basic scanner).
2. Missions... there were no chained missions at launch if I remember correctly.
3. Killing people (Bounty/Crime)
4. Trading.
5. Pirating/Selling stolen goods
6. Navy Ranking and Ranking missions
7. Elite Rankings
8. Faction reputation (not Powerplay!)
9. Superpower reputation (only 3 back then)
10. Owning ships
etc..

My thoughts when I started the mad hunt for Raxxla were...

Requirements for joining

Elite or Triple Elite - I always thought triple Elite
Gain rep & allied with the TDW (before codex sewed the seeds of doubt about them being genuine)
Complete Missions for TDW - of which some are now blocked

Invite
Would most likely have been through using the Navy ranking functionality as it was the only mission offerings based on personal progress at the time and could appear at any station? You could use a simple "Take this TDW membership card to the TDW station here....." Or similar one for Raxxla as a mission...

Test(s)
If there was additional tests then it could be done using the Navy ranking functionality as well as the invite.



And talking of game mechanics, if you receive the invite.... I always wondered what would be different and how would it work... how would you know you were in the DW?

A hidden station in a system that you can only see if you have passed certain criteria and are in the TDW.... oh like Shin Dez and it's Elite requirement....

As for Raxxla.... either a POI or something that you can't interact with as what else could it have been at the time.... It may have opened up permit locked systems... there were still a few back then...

Just some thoughts...
Reactions:
simulacrae and Rochester