Thatchinho
Mar 31, 2019
#7,144
Ok.... I'm not sure if this is all just RP or some kind of pastiche, but taking it at face value, I'm just going to cover a few points...

Six6VI said:
Present day physicists seem convinced that galaxies, along with everything else in the mind bogglingly vast Universe move about very, VERY quickly.
This doesn't sounds like an accurate representation of the physics consensus. Can you clarify what you mean and where you're getting this from?

Six6VI said:
Therefore, a long time ago, OUR galaxy wasn't where it is now, it could only have been far, far away
This doesn't really work in the way you're saying it. There is no fixed background frame of reference. Position is only relative to other things. So there's not a 'where' in the sense that you're saying it. In some frames of reference our galaxy has a velocity and in others it doesn't, so it's not possible for what you're saying to be true in absolute terms, only in relative terms.

Six6VI said:
and there is plenty of conjecture out there on the interwebz to suggest the current level zero human civilisation was not the first, or the smartest to have lived here over the last 300,000 years or so according to dating estimates of anatomically current human remains (I'm going to have to dig around a bit for a concise link supporting this claim).
Lots of very unfounded and badly thought out conjecture, I'm afraid.

Six6VI said:
We appear to have lost the technology to replicate the Giza plateau, or the 800~900 ton Trilithon stones at Baalbek so who cut(?) and placed them, and far more importantly, when did they do it and why have the current batch of humans that repopulated the Earth forgotten how the previous folks did it?
We don't have a 'species memory'. So how can we have 'forgotten'? In other words the mystery is only there as a result of thinking about it all in what are basically very flawed ways. Sorry.

Six6VI said:
We're about to embark down a rabbit hole of immense proportion. Please secure your tin foil hats in the upright position as we consider this youtube video that was conveniently uploaded yesterday. Ironically, when the student is ready, the master appears. For significantly more discussion on the subject of extinction level catastrophic events that have periodically struck the Earth (and daily cosmic weather reports), please continue to the channel linked therein with thanks to Jimmy, suspicious0bservers...

Edited to anticipate the next post...
Q. Er, Six, mate, how does this relate to Raxxla?
A. Umm, it doesn't exactly, it was more a reference to scale, in space and time.

We may need to of our tiny little brains somewhat

Edit, edit: For those who's are not sufficiently rudely out of shape yet...

Click to expand...
Due to a purchasing error I have a large stock of snake oil which I need to offload at a discount price. There's an extra 10% discount for anyone from this thread. Any takers?
Reactions:
JethroGuardian, insanephoton and Jorki Rasalas