Shenennigans
S
Mar 31, 2019
#7,142
The problem with any given theory is that we could shoehorn anything into it if we try hard enough. I'm sure the hints for Raxxla will be obscure, but I'm pretty sure Braben isn't counting on us straight up stalking him to find the answer lol. I've focused now on just finding TDW (because, what we're going to find Raxxla but not TDW??), and I'm trying to just use in-game information to do so. Not even the novels that are considered canon where I can avoid it. Doing anything else on a 3 decade old mystery presents the same problem that trying to randomly find it by exploring the galaxy does. The number of potential areas to search are too many... you would die of old age before you randomly stumbled on Raxxla in the galaxy, just like you would by obsessively researching possible links to movies he likes or pop culture of the time trying to find the relevant clue.

Not trying to discourage creative thinking on the matter, but this really is a case where forgetting the scale of what we are dealing with will leave you spinning your tires in the mud until you quit (or actually die of old age). There's still ~99.97% of the galaxy we haven't seen, remember. Brute force is not an option, even a vague direction may not be enough. I think when we find the relevant clues or starting point, it will be self-evident. Maybe not sure it's leading to Raxxla/TDW, but at least sure we are on to something (as opposed to optimistically scanning huge swaths of space). I've been obsessively researching this (I'm such a straight-edge skeptic in real life, it's fun to be the crazy conspiracy nut in a game lol) for a relatively short time compared to most people, but 100% of my efforts in finding it have been in a web browser, rather than the game. Just looking for the clue we are all missing. It's maddening lol. The strongest link I can find is mentioned in my previous post about mythology and constellations, but even that is tenuous and would result in searching too many systems to be practical (unless I can find a stronger link... been a long time since I read Greek mythology lol).

If I were to lend any credence to the pop culture tie-in, it's that the system from the Alien movie is in the game, and it was discovered/scanned by Salome (who died before mapping was introduced to the game). This was in a Down to Earth Astronomy video the other day (
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIuzV-7_ATg
). There are other planets scanned by Salome (I found 2 on EDSM in a quick search, probably more out there discovered or not), that system isn't only known for Aliens, but seems very popular in sci-fi in general (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stars_and_planetary_systems_in_fiction#Zeta_Reticuli). If you're really hung up on pop-culture references, the leader of TDW scanning the planet in the system from Aliens seems like it could be relevant. A book, 40,000 in Gehenna, (also in Zeta Reticuli) is about humans living with an intelligent alien race, came out a year before the original Elite too. To temper excitement... YuGiOh has also been to Zeta Reticuli... it could (almost certainly is) just be a coincidence. This is also not to mention the fact that this could have been beta test Salome or just FDev guy playing Salome randomly too.

EDIT: Dang it, you know, as soon as I submitted this, I had a thought that kind of contradicted myself lol. We do have a decent resource, a large number of tin foil aficionados here in the forums. It would take someone better with computers than me, but cross-referencing some possibly likely choices could result in something. A lot of ideas involve the constellations (for obvious reasons). If someone were to make a spreadsheet of the major stars in the 88 modern constellations (checked against the EDSM list), maybe prioritize it by constellations named after myths or visible in the northern hemisphere where Braben grew up (I imagine he's a kid who looked at the stars a lot lol). This would result in a huge number of systems still. Would have to be a coordinated effort of many kind of thing to search it methodically.
Last edited: Mar 31, 2019
Reactions:
Six6VI