Edelgard von Rhein
E
Apr 1, 2019
#7,156
Shenennigans said:
I thought it was mythology, and it still may be, but could be related to Generation Ships. Some of those match up shockingly well with the 6 items I was looking for:

Jewel: nothing stands out yet. Pleione (one of the relevant myths with the constellation idea I had, and how I arrived here) in myth was the mother of Hyades, Pleides, and one other I don't remember right now. Generation Ship Pleione is my guess for Grief though.
Whisperer in Witchspace: Generation Ship Thetis, everyone went mad from a whispering they heard in the comms system. Said they picked it up from an uninhabited planet "15 light years behind them". Figuring out where 15 ly behind a ship leaving Sol was at the time of the recording would be rough.
Siren of the Deepest Void: Generation Ship Epimetheus, Poor Joe stuck in a cell alone with a siren going off the whole time. Went mad, is quoted as saying "the void" was helping him.
The Parent's Grief: (not too sure on this one) Generation Ship Pleione, people were no longer able to have female children, all of the children born were all men after a while, they grew old and died.
Lover's Woe: Hard to say for sure, perhaps Generation Ship Atlas, their brakes went out and they wouldn't be able to stop at the upcoming target planet. Everyone escape podded off the ship to that planet except one guy who had to launch the pods. His wife was pregnant when he volunteered to stay behind. Could also apply to Parent's Grief as well.
Yearning of our Vagabond Hearts: Generation Ship Phanes, it got where it was going but the planet was uninhabitable and spent the rest of the crew's lives wandering about (like a vagabond) for another planet.

Maybe something with the locations of these 6 ships, the destinations most of them never reached, or in one case, the planet that whispers madness into the minds of people who pass too close.
Click to expand...
Interesting idea! I wonder if this might be used to predict the location of an as-yet-undiscovered Generation Ship to match the 'jewel' part. I've been about to leave for Colonia but can investigate this before I go (looking for a suitable passenger mission, taking my Dropship, will then head out for The Void and other places in my Asp Explorer that I currently have there).