Six6VI
Apr 1, 2019
#7,152
Thatchinho said:
Ok.... I'm not sure if this is all just RP or some kind of pastiche, but taking it at face value, I'm just going to cover a few points...

This doesn't sounds like an accurate representation of the physics consensus. Can you clarify what you mean and where you're getting this from?

Consensus, despite what you may have heard about the climate, is not how you do science. The fact that a number of people who have built their career on a dogmatic determination they're right, and everyone else is wrong in an effort to protect their job should present a large red "VERBOTEN" sign to anyone who is actually interested in the advancement of the species beyond the current paradigm.

The theoretical temperature at which Hydrogen should freeze into a solid state and give the impression all motion has stopped is Absolute zero. As you'll read on that link, more recent observations with newer tools force cascading rethinks of previously settled science. Asking better, or at least different questions can lead to innovative breakthroughs. Burning blasphemers on the stake of denial does not.

Based on the weird behaviours discovered at temperatures nearer those expected to be found in space it seems reasonable to conclude, until more evidence comes to light, that pretty much everything in the Universe is always in motion at the atomic level, even if it appears to be at rest within unaided human perception. Since you asked what conclusions real physicists had come to, try here.

Thatchinho said:
This doesn't really work in the way you're saying it. There is no fixed background frame of reference. Position is only relative to other things. So there's not a 'where' in the sense that you're saying it. In some frames of reference our galaxy has a velocity and in others it doesn't, so it's not possible for what you're saying to be true in absolute terms, only in relative terms.

From the unique perspective fixed somewhere behind my eyes it would appear the Sun, Moon and firmament revolve around me and only exist because I'm here to observe them. Unfortunately that argument falls apart when I'm forced to consider the equally valid and unique perspective fixed to you. Or, we could both agree to view such motion relative to the "Great Attractor" mentioned in the link above?

The idea was to illustrate the possibility of dual meaning, hidden within ambiguity.

Thatchinho said:
Lots of very unfounded and badly thought out conjecture, I'm afraid.

Um yeah, that's what I said, conjecture, but there's no point being afraid of something that might challenge your thinking when a little more digging could reveal evidence in the highly respected international journal of science: "Nature". I had thought finding easily digestible evidence of where I stumbled across this possibility in the last few decades would be a little more difficult, hence the missing link.

Apparently mainstream quackademia caught up with it faster than anticipated.

Thatchinho said:
We don't have a 'species memory'.

Did you review all of the links in the post you're quoting or just the convenient click bait video I left open at the bottom? Did you actually read this suggestion, quote: "We may need to expand the parameters of our tiny little monkey(?) brains somewhat"? The establishment like to use the term "pseudoscience" to ridicule and silence their competition while avoiding debates that might make them look bad, and Rupert Sheldrake even pointed this out in the banned TED talk on morphic resonance that you evidently failed to watch?

In military parlance, you don't take flak unless you're over the target...

Thatchinho said:
So how can we have 'forgotten'? In other words the mystery is only there as a result of thinking about it all in what are basically very flawed ways. Sorry.

In absolute terms, there is a massive stone edifice parked in the desert just outside Cairo and we don't have the technology to duplicate an accurate copy. It's obviously been there for quite some time but we haven't found the tools or the instructions on how to build another one. If our ancestral human brethren built it at some point in the past, they must have known how, and now we don't.

I'll accept your apology, but hasten to reiterate the apparent amnesia.

Thatchinho said:
Due to a purchasing error I have a large stock of snake oil which I need to offload at a discount price. There's an extra 10% discount for anyone from this thread. Any takers?

If it burns at Fahrenheit 451 it might come in handy on your book burning campaign?

------
Sar-chasm (n.)
The giant gulf between the sarcastic comment and the person who doesn't get it.

Edit: The opening line you forgot to quote me on: "I should put this out there, if only to muddy the waters even further... " should have provided some indication that what followed was intended to stimulate a more irrational direction. Was it Einstein said you can't fix problems with the same thinking that created them?
Last edited: Apr 1, 2019
Reactions:
Midian Cabal and Scytale