Rochester
Dec 22, 2023
#32,697
Emperor said:
"The home of The Link. The Link is All; no above, no bellow, we are One. From the Gate, the Conduit leads One to All. They are Many, but there is One Link. Those who are Not, will Never Be. Down below, the followers of the Link care not of politics, or puny power struggle. The One explores the All from the Conduit. They will open their eyes to Others to trade. But close their fists to Who is Not"

The use of capitalised letters looking out of place is bugging me (Highlighted red above where they are possibly out of place)...
e.g. Assuming "The Link" is correct as a name...
"One Link" - not "One The Link"
"the Link" - not "The Link"
etc....

So we have: A, O, G, C, O, A, M, O, L, N, N, B, L, O, A, C, O, W, N

Directions?.......



Some literary references to "no above, no bellow", if you ignore the spelling and assume below as mentioned further on...

Probably one for



"FOR I LOVE THEE, O ETERNITY! 7.
If ever I have spread out a tranquil heaven above me, and have flown into mine own heaven with mine own pinions:
If I have swum playfully in profound luminous distances, and if my freedom’s avian wisdom hath come to me:—
—Thus however speaketh avian wisdom:—“Lo, there is Throw thyself about,—outward, backward, thou light one! Sing! speak no more!"


338 THUS SPAKE ZARATHUSTRA, III
" Throw thyself to and fro, out, back, thou light one ! Sing ! Speak no more !
Are not all words made for the heavy ? Lie not all words unto the light one ! Sing ! Speak no more ! '
Oh ! how could I fail to be eager for eternity, and for the marriage ring of rings, the ring of recurrence ?
Never yet have I found the woman by whom I should have liked to have children, unless it be this woman I love. For I love thee, O Eternity !
For I love thee, O Eternity!""


And slightly more tinfoil/space madness based on the mis-spelling of "bellow", lets remove the extra "l" from the first bit and see what it looks like...

"The Link is ; no above, no below, we are One."

Be afraid the Guardian AI is coming....



no Above, no Below is mentioned again, strange use of capitalisation - also highlighted other trigger words for me based on the various theories on here...























































































































































Click to expand...
Might by a cypher?

Lesson 4
Grilles Grilles are best thought of as pieces of cardboard with holes cut into them in a specific pattern. This lesson we’ll be looking at two ways that grilles can be used. In the below example,...
crypticcodes.weebly.com
Reactions:
Merlin StWahgwaan, Adel and Emperor