Emperor
Dec 22, 2023
#32,682
CMDR W3L5H DR4G0N said:
Hi Commanders.

Long time lurker again here.
I have been thinking for a while whether to post this but I think the time has come where I feel it's in everyone's best interest if it was out there as I do need help proving/justifying my theories.

I believe that Raxxla is a conduit. A conduit to a network of wormholes spread throughout the Milky Way. The reason none of these wormholes have been discovered is because they are hidden behind the mysterious permit locked systems spread throughout. Imagine being able to traverse from one end of the Galaxy to the other within minutes? From the Bubble to Colonia within an instance?

I also believe to find this conduit, you must assist a minor faction that knows about it. This faction has remained unnoticed throughout the whole ordeal. The Dark Wheel is just a distraction. The real faction we should focus on is



Going back to the interview with Brookes about Raxxla, when he mentioned about "no clues" and said something along the lines of "You have to make some things a little obvious so that people will know what they are doing".

We have the codex which is the main source of clues but I believe there are other sources in game. One of which being I would have scattered the clues in various ways if I were a dev, including these.
Most of these are written in a descriptive tone with a third-person perspective, providing some information. However, this one is different.....












Where is this?

Only 48 light years away from Sol which may appease some of the conspiracies that Raxxla is within the bubble and being known about pre FSD era.











I can't do this alone.

Are you with me?
Click to expand...


No need to lurk (and add my commander if you like Logan 5 - Also Welsh - just back from Thor's Helmet and looks like I am 2 jumps away... well in the system now and called over my Mamba from the carrier )

"The home of The Link. The Link is All; no above, no bellow, we are One." - I was thinking a Scottish accent with the "no" bits... but "no bellow" - don't shout? and why is One capitalised? LOL


Wow...all the courier missions are to Colonia from the first station.... bit far to get allied quickly and dumped a load of exploration data earlier .... and no donation missions either!


Not done a lot of BGS for a bit but the population size can be tricky for solo cmdrs from memory.... and starting wars without a way to win will just lose assets in the system unfortunately.... How much time have you put in to each war and what activities have you been doing, all combat?

And have you been starting wars in the last 4 weeks as their Inf seems to have gone up quite a bit - a few losses?


In terms of the system it looks like "Leaders of Eos" is a non-player faction, as are all the other factions in the system...which is good (don't need real players trying to take/keep control).. traffic on EDSM is not huge but is only a guide, 40+ from Inara and 19 ships in the last 24 hrs from local news in game (guessing they are using the neutron star for a boost)... Local power bounty for one cmdr of 215 Million... hope he isn't on one of the fleet carriers...LOL

Interestingly "The Link" is not listed as NLTT 46621 being their home system on EDSM (but is native on Inara)


and guessing this is your fleet carrier


Looking at the non Eos assets in system and your comment "The Link, for example, has never controlled NLTT 46621. When I found them, they had only about 4% influence" - Did you not consider taking out the other Faction assets first while the influence was down near theirs for total control of the system and more likely to win those first (more bases = more random pilots dumping stuff) and it would be good to take the entire system over and deter others from trying.... Although now you're up there, taking the first station (Nusslein-Volhard Terminal) will be boosted from wandering CMDRs popping in to trade/fix ships/dump exploration data/etc... and you can always hammer Eos and boost the others one by one later but will take longer...



Intriguing.....
Reactions:
Adel, CMDR W3L5H DR4G0N and Louis Calvert