CMDR W3L5H DR4G0N
C
Dec 22, 2023
#32,686
Emperor said:
No need to lurk (and add my commander if you like Logan 5 - Also Welsh - just back from Thor's Helmet and looks like I am 2 jumps away... well in the system now and called over my Mamba from the carrier )

"The home of The Link. The Link is All; no above, no bellow, we are One." - I was thinking a Scottish accent with the "no" bits... but "no bellow" - don't shout? and why is One capitalised? LOL


Wow...all the courier missions are to Colonia from the first station.... bit far to get allied quickly and dumped a load of exploration data earlier .... and no donation missions either!


Not done a lot of BGS for a bit but the population size can be tricky for solo cmdrs from memory.... and starting wars without a way to win will just lose assets in the system unfortunately.... How much time have you put in to each war and what activities have you been doing, all combat?

And have you been starting wars in the last 4 weeks as their Inf seems to have gone up quite a bit - a few losses?


In terms of the system it looks like "Leaders of Eos" is a non-player faction, as are all the other factions in the system...which is good (don't need real players trying to take/keep control).. traffic on EDSM is not huge but is only a guide, 40+ from Inara and 19 ships in the last 24 hrs from local news in game (guessing they are using the neutron star for a boost)... Local power bounty for one cmdr of 215 Million... hope he isn't on one of the fleet carriers...LOL

Interestingly "The Link" is not listed as NLTT 46621 being their home system on EDSM (but is native on Inara)


and guessing this is your fleet carrier


Looking at the non Eos assets in system and your comment "The Link, for example, has never controlled NLTT 46621. When I found them, they had only about 4% influence" - Did you not consider taking out the other Faction assets first while the influence was down near theirs for total control of the system and more likely to win those first (more bases = more random pilots dumping stuff) and it would be good to take the entire system over and deter others from trying.... Although now you're up there, taking the first station (Nusslein-Volhard Terminal) will be boosted from wandering CMDRs popping in to trade/fix ships/dump exploration data/etc... and you can always hammer Eos and boost the others one by one later but will take longer...



Intriguing.....
Click to expand...
See this is exactly the help I’m looking for!
Yes I’ve been attempting this for a few months now and The Link did originally have a few assets including Lounge Laboratory but they’ve lost a few since.
I’ve been doing missions and conflicts zones mainly but always face an uphill battle (pun intended) trying to win the war. I can solo a high intensity cz with my corvette relatively easily but it seems I am up against others who are picking the leaders of eos.

In terms of traffic, before the wars, this system was getting approx 5 cmdrs a day so it surprisingly isn’t a high traffic system.
Plus the system description has been in legacy elite dangerous so I’m surprised no-one has pointed it out before.

I have seen donation missions pop up occasionally, they also give out some in wedge market and lounge laboratory so check there too. But I have been allied with the Link for a long time now and so far they haven’t given me any extra missions which is why I want to see whether it’s this system they need to operate in or another….