Emperor
Dec 22, 2023
#32,687
CMDR W3L5H DR4G0N said:
See this is exactly the help I’m looking for!
Yes I’ve been attempting this for a few months now and The Link did originally have a few assets including Lounge Laboratory but they’ve lost a few since.
I’ve been doing missions and conflicts zones mainly but always face an uphill battle (pun intended) trying to win the war. I can solo a high intensity cz with my corvette relatively easily but it seems I am up against others who are picking the leaders of eos.

In terms of traffic, before the wars, this system was getting approx 5 cmdrs a day so it surprisingly isn’t a high traffic system.
Plus the system description has been in legacy elite dangerous so I’m surprised no-one has pointed it out before.

I have seen donation missions pop up occasionally, they also give out some in wedge market and lounge laboratory so check there too. But I have been allied with the Link for a long time now and so far they haven’t given me any extra missions which is why I want to see whether it’s this system they need to operate in or another….
Click to expand...
"The home of The Link. The Link is All; no above, no bellow, we are One. From the Gate, the Conduit leads One to All. They are Many, but there is One Link. Those who are Not, will Never Be. Down below, the followers of the Link care not of politics, or puny power struggle. The One explores the All from the Conduit. They will open their eyes to Others to trade. But close their fists to Who is Not"

The use of capitalised letters looking out of place is bugging me (Highlighted red above where they are possibly out of place)...
e.g. Assuming "The Link" is correct as a name...
"One Link" - not "One The Link"
"the Link" - not "The Link"
etc....

So we have: A, O, G, C, O, A, M, O, L, N, N, B, L, O, A, C, O, W, N

Directions?.......



Some literary references to "no above, no bellow", if you ignore the spelling and assume below as mentioned further on...

Probably one for @Rochester

Gustave Flaubert's The Temptation of St. Anthony

"FOR I LOVE THEE, O ETERNITY! 7.
If ever I have spread out a tranquil heaven above me, and have flown into mine own heaven with mine own pinions:
If I have swum playfully in profound luminous distances, and if my freedom’s avian wisdom hath come to me:—
—Thus however speaketh avian wisdom:—“Lo, there is no above and no below! Throw thyself about,—outward, backward, thou light one! Sing! speak no more!"

Thus Spoke Zarathustra by German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche
338 THUS SPAKE ZARATHUSTRA, III
"no above, no below ! Throw thyself to and fro, out, back, thou light one ! Sing ! Speak no more !
Are not all words made for the heavy ? Lie not all words unto the light one ! Sing ! Speak no more ! '
Oh ! how could I fail to be eager for eternity, and for the marriage ring of rings, the ring of recurrence ?
Never yet have I found the woman by whom I should have liked to have children, unless it be this woman I love. For I love thee, O Eternity !
For I love thee, O Eternity!""


And slightly more tinfoil/space madness based on the mis-spelling of "bellow", lets remove the extra "l" from the first bit and see what it looks like...

"The Link is Al; no above, no below, we are One."

Be afraid the Guardian AI is coming....

Edit:

Gustave Flaubert's The Temptation of St. Anthony - no Above, no Below is mentioned again, strange use of capitalisation - also highlighted other trigger words for me based on the various theories on here...

The Project Gutenberg eBook of The Temptation of St. Anthony, by Gustave Flaubert

SPOILER: THE TEMPTATION OF ST. ANTHONY





















































































































































Last edited: Dec 22, 2023
Reactions:
selbie, Jorki Rasalas, Merlin StWahgwaan and 5 others