TrillClinton
Feb 5, 2021
#20,935
Hello fellow Seekers,
i spent the last week catching up in various forum posts and reddit threads, so here are my two cents

im still not over the theory that the Children of Raxxla Emblem is a clue to something. That and the toast of TDW seem the most concrete pieces of a puzzle that i could find.
Comparing it with other faction emblems it has too many specific pointers to be just that. The toast mentions 6 individual pieces (the jewel, the whispering, the siren, parents grief, lovers woe and vagabounds yearning) and the Emblem has 6 corner pieces. I personally think that identifying these 6 pointers could be a huge part of finding TDW or even hints about what and where Raxxla could be or how to reach it. It is specifically mentioned TDW's main objective is finding raxxla, not guarding or mystifying it so im closer to believing that the toast is about DW station or something else entirely. I have seen many interpretations of the toasts parts and connections to greek literature, with interesting takes such as the siren being a neutron star and the jewel or the yearning being sol (home). My hunch is that with these pieces in place you could triangulate (double triangulate? hexilate?) a place, a point in which something is to be found. Maybe just a system, maybe something we dont know as of yet (Rouge Planets, hidden systems, etc).

Looking at the Emblem again i feel like the 6 pointers could be outside the bubble as well, interpreting the dotted line as the bubble itself or even the milky way.

The mention about raxxla being a door leads me to believe it could be a place between places, as doors tend to be, maybe a point between systems or between planets, who knows, im reaching now.

Also i had a strange encounter in the Lung System, which in my infinite wisdom i failed to screenshot. Still beating myself up about that. Thought to add it so maybe you guys can ease my mind.
Yesterday i took my brand new Mining Python out to the Lung A Belt Cluster to try out mining (first time, usually just space trucking). Struggled a little, took me quite a while to figure things out, got some value and was out of limpets, so i charged my supercruise to visit the closest station, sell and log off for the day. As previous posts mentioned before, i too got an immediate "Mission Objective Detected" and a Trading Beacon Pops up. Cheching out the Signal i was greeted by Ariel with his usual talk about unbeatable prices and such, but a second later i received a message by a unnamed contact, requesting me to deliver 36 Non-Lethal-Weapons to Hopkins Landing. The unnamed contacts picture was yellowish/orange, pixelated/glitched and had had dark box with something along the lines of "redacted", "error", or "unknown" written in it. My immediate instinct, since im neck deep in tinfoil right now was to attribute it to TDW since it somewhat matched colours with the Codex entry's picture.
The message started with something like "The stars (fore)told we'd meet" (playing on my default language, german. just a rough translation) and was overall not what im used to receiving as random missions.
The mission itself was attributed to the Green Party of Lung, which seemed weird since i've done a bunch of missions for them and didnt attribute them with any shady dealings (correct me if im wrong). It was a Elite Rank Trading mission with either ~600k, a commodity i cant remember or a x5 or 6 Influence reward (currently Tycoon Rank in trading). In a panic i pressed F12 (steam screenshot hotkey) forgot that im on epic launcher and accepted the mission, thinking this HAS to be something and i have to know RIGHT NOW.
Flew to a neighbouring system, got what i needed and hurried back to Lung, being greeted with the same mission objective signal, checked it out just to be sure. Ariel was still there with his usual spiel.
Turned the mission in and was congratulated by the Green Party for my contribution. Nothing else happened. Im just thinking to myself should i have taken the influence? did i miss something? Or is this something very common and irrelevant and im just losing my mind because of a yellow picture. The only proof i had was the Log saying i accepted a mission from NAME_"something" (cant remember) and that i turned it in for Green Party of Lung, defeated, i didnt even screenshot that. Im legit loosing sleep about this.

Happy Hunting Commanders o7
Last edited: Feb 5, 2021
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, [PS4] Filthymick420 and Vektorboson