Louis Calvert
Sep 12, 2024
#34,778
simulacrae said:
The Tionisla Graveyard:

The first thing you see is a shimmering, silver disc, a double spiral of tiny bright points. It slowly turns: it's a galaxy in miniature, with the same intense blur of light at its centre, because here is where the biggest tombs are to be found.

SPOILER: A SUSPICION

Come closer and soon you can see that the stars in this galaxy are markers...

Oh and there is some real Grail Quest and Golden Fleece stuff going on in FE2 and FFE (ya its been said before - I will go into detail at some point but its late...) - well it got me on to (think MBs ...) and and its king . Well at any rate if you take the story "The spoils of Annwyfn" - You have King Arthur going off into the Otherworld/Underworld. The interesting stuff is the . Pearls around its Rim... And it will not work for a coward... (need to be an elite combateer i imagine). There is a prisoner held deep within the fortress.. since we are melding myths here - I imagine the Holdstock version also has Ariadne Dionysus and the Labrynth (and dont forget Asterion..well a Lovecraftian version) . I really need to read Keltica... I have been trying to find Pearl references for Raxxla for a while - I think that Ariadnes Crown and Arwans Cauldron fit the bill.
Ya there are some systems to check out including Annwn, Ennead and Labrynth to name a few.... But I have high hopes for Witches Reach!
Click to expand...

The importance of Tionisla to Raxxla has been primarily pushed by Drew Wagar who is, and has always been, oddly obsessed with that system. I've found nothing at all to suggest any system in the bubble is more important to Raxxla than any other (and neither has anyone else!).

The Raxxla Lore says:
Tionisla only appears in the Dark Wheel novella, it's got nothing really to do with anything Raxxla-related in that novella, it's more a way to give the protagonists a ship at the start of the adventure. Rafe Zetter is located near there, which is really why anyone's been interested since it's one of the only named systems from the novella that also exist in reality.

From the Dark Wheel Novella it seems heavily indicated that Raxxla is "out there" somewhere, and Tionisla is a well-travelled, well-known system.

The description is interesting, but I can't see how there's a connection other than "map of galaxy looks like description of galaxy"

CMDR Davanix said:
Anyone watch the Umbrella Academy....ok ok hear me out please, The Televator, My Fiance had seen the logo on my computer and asked why I had a logo of a show I said i didnt like..... look at the garden outside of it the shape is an exact replica of our Raxxla logo, in the new season of the tv show a scene shows it exactly overhead with the statue head being center.....the Logo is perfect, correct and exact!

Now look at the description of the Televator:

In the comics, the Televator was invented by Sir Reginald Hargreeves as an elevator lift that allows the team to travel in time, space and even other dimensions. While the Netflix series does most of its time travel thanks to the Commission's briefcases or Five's abilities, the comic uses the Televator for such exploits.


Now i Know This show and the comics are much newer than Elite Lore however The greenish hue, the exact logo shape, the description...where did this idea come from? if we could figure out where the writers of this show/comic got the inspiration could it be related? the logo, color and references of space, time and universal travel are a bit to coincidental.

Its Crazy...Its Thinfoil.....but its to matching to miss out putting here
Click to expand...
I've tried to find a picture of the overhead shot as you suggested. but couldn't.

There's a few reasons I can think of.
1) Crossroads - The path arrangement is the minimum radial pattern of "not a strict 4-way crossroads" you can make. In that, it's basically 3 crossing paths instead of 2 crossing paths, that's the minimum crossings you can physically represent if you don't want a strict cross.

2) Location Shooting - I've no clue because I can't see any more than your screenshot, but if this was a location shoot (as opposed to a built set) then you should be looking for whoever made wherever it's shot, not why it's like that in the show.

3) Umbrella - It might have been made like that to vaguely resemble umbrella spokes (again with the minimum physical effort, because most umbrellas have more spokes)

4) 6-symmetry - I've no clue about this but is the number 6 important in the show? 6 realms, 6 worlds, 6 main characters, whatever?

This is a good spot, but I really can't see any connection at all to Raxxla - but the exercise of thinking about why that location was made that way is interesting.
Reactions:
simulacrae and Rochester