El Saico
Sep 10, 2024
#34,762
simulacrae said:
I am really liking this idea of Witches Reach.... I see Table Mountain has an extensive cave network....

A little on what I have been trying to do and how I think it ties in…. Continuing on from my earlier post looking at Holdstock and the Twin Peaks/ Battlesite – graveyard. I think the Twin Peaks that Holdstock references in his book “Where the Time Winds Blow” - are a reference to Mount Parnassus (and also the Phaedriades).

The Phaedriades (the shining ones) are a pair of cliffs located lower down the slope of Mount Parnassus. Mount Parnassus also has twin peaks and is described by Ovid as “The twin peaked mountain called Parnassus” in his “Metamorphoses” and of course what lies in the valley below – Delphi.

Im doing a comparison of mythic landscapes – between the ancient greek landscape around Parnassus and the mythic landscapes created by Holdstock relating to his Time Winds...



















So there are several strings to pull on from this… but I started with the . They were located in Essfafa. Which is supposedly a Type G Star with an economy of Farming and Tourism and has atleast two planets Jones Colony or Jones Planet, and Wheelhead. Wheelhead is of course what I was interested in. Essfafa is somewhat close to Aldebaran in the FE2 map. So I spent the last few days wandering around that area. Alot of interesting named planets… And No I didn’t find Essfafa… But I did take a hard look at Ross 33.

. Ive been looking for systems with 33 in the name… think Raxxla Logo. It has one planet - Grüne Hölle… Green Hell. It has the right color and its a Hell…. Oh and its a heavy gravity world…. Like Persephone in the Sol system… But it also has a station orbiting Grüne Hölle named Crown City. Which does make me think of once again Ariadne’s Crown – the . is not only the shiny gem (Gemma) in the crown, but it is also, oh and ya to Dionysos/Baccus…
Click to expand...
So... Green Hell, in German? Like the Nurburgring Nordschleife?
And landable?



A SRV race feels just mandatory on such a planet.
Reactions:
simulacrae