Staarlord
S
Jul 20, 2018
#3,062
rOmiLaYu said:
I wanted to address the comment from David Braben about "But you don't know what it is" concerning Raxxla. A lot of people seem to be attributing it to the fact that Raxxla is not a planet and that we don't even know what we are looking for and that the CEO of FDev has hinted that we don't even know what Raxxla is. I have a different take on it. He's responding to Ed's comment. It goes something like this: Someone in chat asks if Raxxla exists. Braben laughs and says it is a silly question and that, of course, it exists. And that's the end of his answer. Ed then goes on to say that he "actually, probably" could have predicted the four questions that were going to come up on the stream to which Braben responds, "Yeah, but you don't know what it is, though." to which Ed responds "It's true, it's true." Braben's comment about "not knowing what it is" is completely in reference to the fact that he is agreeing with Ed that they might think they know what people are going to ask, but that they might also be wrong. The comment is about the relative uncertainty of attempting to gauge your audience. The comment had nothing to do with Raxxla and this idea of theory crafting Raxxla as anything other than a physical POI in the galaxy is wasted effort. Contextually, his comment had nothing to do with his answer about Raxxla.

There are a couple ways I take that comment. First, Raxxla is a planet in another galaxy. It was accessible by gateways, as I understand. What he could be saying is if we are expecting to ping it on a map, good luck with that. We need to first look for a means to accessing it.

The second way I interpret it is a challenge to consider what things are in this game that we are uncertain of, at first glance. This gateway might be a Unidientified Signal...somewhere.

There is a final matter. Another recent question asked in a streaming, was, "is Raxxla in the bubble?" For which there was a grin. This could be a trick. There is only one Bubble (so called) in this game. Only one thing called "Bubble" and it has not been fully explored. That's where I'm at right now...discovering things. I figure "can't hurt...i need a break from the other bubble's affairs" lol.
Last edited: Jul 20, 2018