Rochester
Aug 27, 2023
#31,403
Jorki Rasalas said:
Oh darn, you’ve started me googling again!
On tripartite goddess wikipedia says “Various triune or triple goddesses, or deities who appeared in groupings of three, were known to ancient religion. Well-known examples include Tridevi (Saraswati, Lakshmi, Kali)”...now we have GCS Sarasvati in-game as a megaship (unit 1?) from Project Thunderchild...so are there two other megaships to be found?

Triple Goddess (Neopaganism) - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

We did look a couple years ago but found nothing...so is this another hint to tri-via?

Edit
It goes on to say “Diana (Artemis) also came to be viewed as a trinity of three goddesses in one, which were viewed as distinct aspects of a single divine being: "Diana as huntress, Diana as the moon, Diana of the underworld"...
so was MB’s use of Artemis in Legacy book a hint to Diana? Is there one in-game?? Ive already pointed out that Mother of Galaxies could well be Mother Gaia, i.e. Earth and the Moon could be the “jewel on her brow”
Negative, only a Daina!

RH does talk about Artemis….

Ge - is in game, she was the original Greek earth and mother-goddess.

We also have the 3 Norns! And the Fates and a whole bunch of Celtic ladies too… problem is they are all over the place!

There are however a bunch very close to Avalon! In RHs book he does repeat how the triads are gatekeepers.

From my on-going mapping of RHs book, I’m not only seeing a hotspot of systems (the lost realms) but I am also seeing a potential void in the data!

When we compile data and look for hotspots, intelligence gaps or voids may also arise visibly, these might not mean anything, however they can equally be informative, this one, just so happens to look like it’s close to the path of Brookes Tours and abutting the outer realm of Yggdrasil…

Initially it looks to me the Lost Realms are focused in a particular fulcrum, however these goddesses identified by RH in the same paragraphs are not., they are tellingly separate.

They are not distinct either, but relatively close and in very close relation to the path of the Brookes Tours… I know I’m repeating this, but it’s key.

In my opinion I am certain this confirms my hypothesis about the codex, in that it points to these Lost Realms, but what else is here?

I find it interesting the author places these ladies just below this area. Are these our conduits?

Below is a rough draft of my current findings. There are more chapters to map, but it’s far more complex than I originally hypothesised.

Last edited: Aug 28, 2023
Reactions:
El Saico, Edelgard von Rhein and Jorki Rasalas