Han_Zen
Aug 28, 2023
#31,413
Rochester said:
Brigid is sometimes known as a triad goddess also worshipped in conjunction with Cernunnos - both are in game.

In RH text he alludes some link between Brigga and Cernunnos, so it very likely is Brigid.

This was just to confirm that system in game as being related, as Cernunnos and Brigid are very close together.
The names of the deity changes with culture and time. The story remains the same.
As the codex says with regards to Raxxla 'The earliest documented stories tend to agree on several points'. The same can be said for the stories of the triple deities.
The good in question will usually have an aspect that travels to the underworld. This journey takes place periodically. Usually in autumn or in the evening. They would then return to the upperworld in the morning or in spring.
The triple deities do also in a majority of cases have at least one aspect connected to the Moon. Sometimes all three aspects are symbolised by the waning, ull and waxing Moon.

If the old myths and religions in the context of the ED universe are based on ancient extra terrestrial activity on earth, we can theorise that the 'goods' used Raxxla to travel to both earth and to the underworld.
Some of these entities were locked in the underworld, some of them had to travel there periodically. Very few had the ability to travel freely between the different realms, but it seems that it was trivial for most upperworld inhabitants to access earth.

In conclusion:

If this is the way FD has constructed the Raxxla mystery, we can assume that.

Raxxla may give access to two different realms of some kind.
Raxxla may only be active at certain times.
The Moon or a moon is somehow important.

The Moon bit is difficult to guess. Is it simply that Raxxla is a moon or do earths moon hold any secrets? The moon can give time, it can give direction (plane / axis) and it can have an actual secret. I'm lost on this one, but I still think it may be important.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Jorki Rasalas