Jorki Rasalas
Aug 27, 2023
#31,409
Rochester said:
Negative, only a Daina!

RH does talk about Artemis….

Ge - is in game, she was the original Greek earth and mother-goddess.

We also have the 3 Norns! And the Fates and a bunch of Celtic ladies too… problem is they are all over the place!

There are however a bunch very close to Avalon! In RH book he does repeat how the triads are gatekeepers.

From my on-going mapping of RHs book, I’m not only seeing a hotspot of systems (the lost realms) but I am also seeing a potential void in the data!

When we compile data and look for hotspots, intelligence gaps or voids may also arise visibly, these might not mean anything, however they can equally be informative, this one, just so happens to look like it’s close to the path of Brookes Tours and abutting the outer realm of Yggdrasil…

Don’t think we’re going to be closer to a solution, but I suspect it at most confirms my hypothesis the codex does point to the Lost Realms sector…
Mmm, still pondering triple goddess relating to the asterisk at the centre of the Raxxla logo. Not convinced that relates to Hecate because she was the goddess of the tri-via, a “Y-junction”, not an asterisk.

Googling asterisk+goddess led me to https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asherah
“Asherah functioned as a goddess and a consort of Yahweh and was worshiped as the queen of heaven” and
“Asherah, Astarte and Anat were the only three prominent goddesses in the religion of the ancient Levant, and formed a trinity.”

But at the moment I’m bamboozled as to how this relates to asterisk....

Edit
Asterisk - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org
still cant see anything relevant...only thing I can think of is the asterisk has six-fold symmetry, which is reminiscent of Guardian symbology.

Edit2
The asterisk from Late Latin asteriscus, from Ancient Greek ἀστερίσκος, asteriskos, "little star"....so is it saying Raxxla is a “little star”....e.g. a black hole or NS?
Last edited: Aug 27, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, simulacrae and Rochester