CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Aug 27, 2023
#31,404
I looked and there is a mention of as above as below but this is not exact. Buried throughout "Magician: The lost journals of Magus Geoffrey Carlyle" are talks of alchemy, symbolism, and more with a great deal of emphasis on duality and how often this is illusional. At the very end, where he apparently beaten by major demon there is a symbol: "a strange spiraling pattern that must have been intended as a symbolic rendition of a maze that me could not escape". I believe this is supposed to be the Milky Way Galaxy. Every last one of the books has a Raxxla connection on the end section. The symbol was supposed to trap the major demon. It didn't and instead launched a fireball that was quite successful in nullifying the magus. The Lady of the Lake in Arthurian legend stops Merlin by trapping him in a series of invisible walls or transforming him into a tree. Anyway, factoring in the Capitol of the Federation is Olympic Village, Mars and Achenar being symbolic of Tartarus leads me to we need the Federation (Olympic Pantheon) to beat the Empire (Titans). Though, maybe not defeat so much as join forces. In any case, the Federation, I believe, represents the Oresrians or the Progressive branch Thargoids (Guardians). The Empire the Traditional branch Klaxxians (Mudlarks / builders of the stone glyphs).

When is a monster not a monster? When you love it. We appear to have made peace with the Progressives and as such peace with Traditional-branch is going to be ultra hard. I am thoroughly convinced, though, that the Guardians and Thargoids are similar but hate each other because of technology.

To find peace, we first have to find it with humanity. Humanity is being destroyed by the very same fight that destroyed the Thargoids/Guardians. Somehow the Lady of the Lake is the key to our future.

One other thing, I stumbled on a Impact Site that looked like a Pyramid which lacked a top in Taurus Dark Region. There was a crashed satellite at the site with cargo containers full of pods of machinery from humans. We must be in control of Raxxla itself.

Lady Of The Lake | Encyclopedia.com
Lady of the Lake The Lady of the Lake, an enchantress also known as Viviane or Nimuë, appears in many of the tales of King Arthur [1]. According to legend, she lived in a castle beneath a lake surrounding the mystical island of Avalon.
www.encyclopedia.com
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein and Shadowsnog