Han_Zen
Oct 10, 2023
#31,717
Louis Calvert said:
It makes sense. Nice find

From your link:


That's very similar to what the Codex is saying about both Raxxla and those that seek it. That sort of made me think about some older ideas that keep coming back up. Just sort of posting ideas here:

I'm wondering if this is pointing towards Raxxla being some Guardian simulation (which could easily be a complete paradise in every way) as many have suggested (as opposed to being a literal stargate portal). That would certainly enable the more esoteric aspects of the myth the be fulfilled without changing the 'rules' of the current universe.

I've always liked the idea that one of the ways some Guardians survived total annihilation was to retreat to a virtual world. Now Salvation has uploaded to the Matrix we know that humans uploading is possible. He might not be the first to have done so, which might be the origin of the Raxxla myth (and maybe some weird stuff like Halsey's visions, etc.)

Given Salvation's transition and the death of his physical body, we can call that an afterlife, which (as far as I can tell) is quite in keeping with some of the themes in Paradise Lost too? The Guardians and the Constructs might be allegories for the war in heaven, given that the Guardian civilisation seems to have been something of a paradise which fell to civil war. They were even basically described as gardeners who revered nature for much of their history, they even made/modified creatures, and made new life (the Constructs). That's pretty god-level stuff right there.

Could it be that the allegory here doesn't relate to Humanity, but to the Guardians? They're the ones that lost Paradise and we're sort of intersecting with the remains of their story? We're longing for something we never had - but did.

What if Raxxla is some sort of Guardian Matrix that was found ages ago (maybe the Martian artefact or something) and people managed to interface with it? They found it was a paradise where anything anyone wanted could be had safely and easily. Maybe that's the treasure that's worth protecting. You could easily sell that to rich folks who want to know they'll have a nice, personalised afterlife forever...

It might be that Raxxla (as a location) is a heavily-guarded world where the matrix is located. That might easily place it in the bubble and it would almost certainly have a population and normal signs of commerce and trade... Something like that might be recognisable by finding somewhere with unusual non-military but very strong defences, like a settlement with strange features and mysterious protectors.

Anyway, I don't think I'm saying anything new here, but I do think something like this would very neatly marry all the clues and speculations we have together. It could even be one of the first colony worlds settled, or Mars itself, for example, to keep the timeline working given the early date of the first reference.
I think it's likely that Raxxla is related to some form of civilisation, that has Guardian roots. Looking at the timeline of galactic and 'historical' events, there is a long time between the end of the Guardians and early human civilisation.
The end of the second guardian civil war was probably at least a million years ago. The ancient myths and religions of earth aren't old at all, compared to this. The absolute oldest Hindu stories may originate from about 15 000 BC.
There is a huge gape in time between 15 000 BC and 1 000 000 BC. Whatever existed in early human history or exist now, will not have be the Guardians we know from the logs.

It's a bit unclear who survived among the Guardians. The original history logs ends with: " all the Guardians other than those who had been exiled a century earlier were dying". This clearly indicates that the exiled Guardians, with AI implants may have survived the war.
The Guardian Codex states that the AI decided: "the only way to preclude further violence – while giving their own burgeoning society the best possible chance of survival – was to destroy what remained of the Guardians’ civilisation".
It's hard to interpret if the exiles were included in the 'remainder of the Guardians' civilisation'. It would have been relatively easy for the fully sentient constructs to end the exiles, as the practically lived in them. On the other hand it is possible that the exiles were so well integrated with the constructs that they were part in the decision to end the rest of the Guardians. We know that the constructs were confined to the Monolith network. Keeping the exiles around, may have given them more freedom to roam the galaxy?

If Guardian remnants are described in human myths and religions as goods, I would say the exiles survived and remained autonomous. The behaviour of ancient goods does not suggest machine like logic.

Both modern religions and vissions from Halsey and Romero may suggest that these creatures may have evolved beyond the need for a physical body. If Raxxla was used to house the gateway 'the goods' used to access monkey planet, it may simply have been rendered obsolete and left to drift in space.
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Rochester and 2 others