Rochester
Oct 10, 2023
#31,714
Louis Calvert said:
It makes sense. Nice find

From your link:


That's very similar to what the Codex is saying about both Raxxla and those that seek it. That sort of made me think about some older ideas that keep coming back up. Just sort of posting ideas here:

I'm wondering if this is pointing towards Raxxla being some Guardian simulation (which could easily be a complete paradise in every way) as many have suggested (as opposed to being a literal stargate portal). That would certainly enable the more esoteric aspects of the myth the be fulfilled without changing the 'rules' of the current universe.

I've always liked the idea that one of the ways some Guardians survived total annihilation was to retreat to a virtual world. Now Salvation has uploaded to the Matrix we know that humans uploading is possible. He might not be the first to have done so, which might be the origin of the Raxxla myth (and maybe some weird stuff like Halsey's visions, etc.)

Given Salvation's transition and the death of his physical body, we can call that an afterlife, which (as far as I can tell) is quite in keeping with some of the themes in Paradise Lost too? The Guardians and the Constructs might be allegories for the war in heaven, given that the Guardian civilisation seems to have been something of a paradise which fell to civil war. They were even basically described as gardeners who revered nature for much of their history, they even made/modified creatures, and made new life (the Constructs). That's pretty god-level stuff right there.

Could it be that the allegory here doesn't relate to Humanity, but to the Guardians? They're the ones that lost Paradise and we're sort of intersecting with the remains of their story? We're longing for something we never had - but did.

What if Raxxla is some sort of Guardian Matrix that was found ages ago (maybe the Martian artefact or something) and people managed to interface with it? They found it was a paradise where anything anyone wanted could be had safely and easily. Maybe that's the treasure that's worth protecting. You could easily sell that to rich folks who want to know they'll have a nice, personalised afterlife forever...

It might be that Raxxla (as a location) is a heavily-guarded world where the matrix is located. That might easily place it in the bubble and it would almost certainly have a population and normal signs of commerce and trade... Something like that might be recognisable by finding somewhere with unusual non-military but very strong defences, like a settlement with strange features and mysterious protectors.

Anyway, I don't think I'm saying anything new here, but I do think something like this would very neatly marry all the clues and speculations we have together. It could even be one of the first colony worlds settled, or Mars itself, for example, to keep the timeline working given the early date of the first reference.
Lore wise - I feel this is one of many potential solutions, one we’ve all likely considered.

But I suspect the intent is a homage to a Holdstock Easter egg; and the intricacies are evidence of Brookes writing style, and that he built this architecture for some now removed narrative we’ll never get to see.

I am interested in the very early indications by FD that Raxxla, has a physical location, that ‘supposedly’ it’s been passed through, and ultimately a little sad we will never get to see Brookes original narrative path instigated by the Dark Wheel missions and the confirmed link to the Trinkets of Hidden Fortune, which FD confirmed via support was a story and one which later had been removed.

I suspect that Brookes was later hired to write the Codex, in a redux of these missions, so as to coalesce his invention, Raxxla, in the absence of the wider story, hence its abstract nature.

That original scope I suspect was much wider, and likely made sense of the various archaeological architecture we’ve uncovered. I think it held up much of the later Guardians and Thargoids narratives, but likely was far too complex or it overshadowed Braben’s design?

I propose Brookes posted the Codex as an allusion towards a Holdstock Easter egg, and it’s a map towards finding it. I don’t believe it reflects all of Holdstocks work, but focuses solely upon his core work for which was most famous for.

From the early indications it’s possible that whoever does eventually find Raxxla - will likely know it when they find it.
Last edited: Oct 10, 2023
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein and Louis Calvert