Louis Calvert
Oct 10, 2023
#31,713
Rochester said:
Been thinking for some time - fernweh, could this relate to the longing to return to the Otherworld?

Holdstocks Lost Realms dwells on this concept, a return to the otherworld those ‘lost’ reslns, and certainly many of the Irish / Celtic tales and Arthurian fiction is fixated upon this ‘desire’ to return to this lands.

I think the use of the term may actually be another hint to look at this concept of an Otherworld, and especially the work of Holdstock.

It makes sense. Nice find

From your link:
"These stories give a critical insight into nearly all tales of the otherworld: the otherworld is a paradise, and contact with it opens to the door for longing, both for the characters in the story and for the reader, who cannot help but feel a small twinge of excitement at the prospect of crossing over into a land of wonder, and a sense of emptiness when the hero finds himself bereft of his elfland. The ultimate narrative is one of loss, with the otherworld standing in for Eden."

That's very similar to what the Codex is saying about both Raxxla and those that seek it. That sort of made me think about some older ideas that keep coming back up. Just sort of posting ideas here:

I'm wondering if this is pointing towards Raxxla being some Guardian simulation (which could easily be a complete paradise in every way) as many have suggested (as opposed to being a literal stargate portal). That would certainly enable the more esoteric aspects of the myth the be fulfilled without changing the 'rules' of the current universe.

I've always liked the idea that one of the ways some Guardians survived total annihilation was to retreat to a virtual world. Now Salvation has uploaded to the Matrix we know that humans uploading is possible. He might not be the first to have done so, which might be the origin of the Raxxla myth (and maybe some weird stuff like Halsey's visions, etc.)

Given Salvation's transition and the death of his physical body, we can call that an afterlife, which (as far as I can tell) is quite in keeping with some of the themes in Paradise Lost too? The Guardians and the Constructs might be allegories for the war in heaven, given that the Guardian civilisation seems to have been something of a paradise which fell to civil war. They were even basically described as gardeners who revered nature for much of their history, they even made/modified creatures, and made new life (the Constructs). That's pretty god-level stuff right there.

Could it be that the allegory here doesn't relate to Humanity, but to the Guardians? They're the ones that lost Paradise and we're sort of intersecting with the remains of their story? We're longing for something we never had - but they did.

What if Raxxla is some sort of Guardian Matrix that was found ages ago (maybe the Martian artefact or something) and people managed to interface with it? They found it was a paradise where anything anyone wanted could be had safely and easily. Maybe that's the treasure that's worth protecting. You could easily sell that to rich folks who want to know they'll have a nice, personalised afterlife forever...

It might be that Raxxla (as a location) is a heavily-guarded world where the matrix is located. That might easily place it in the bubble and it would almost certainly have a population and normal signs of commerce and trade... Something like that might be recognisable by finding somewhere with unusual non-military but very strong defences, like a settlement with strange features and mysterious protectors.

Anyway, I don't think I'm saying anything new here, but I do think something like this would very neatly marry all the clues and speculations we have together. It could even be one of the first colony worlds settled, or Mars itself, for example, to keep the timeline working given the early date of the first reference.
Reactions:
simulacrae, Edelgard von Rhein, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 2 others