Rochester
Jan 13, 2023
#28,871
Louis Calvert said:
Anyone know anything about Nuenets? It's next door to Shinrarta, a lot of DW missions take you to Nuenets, and the system description is weird:

"This busy trinary system has terrestrial planets orbiting the two companion stars. The locals aren't particularly friendly and appear to be harbouring a dark secret."

What dark secret?
Been on radar for years but nothing of note that I’ve ever seen, might be worth grinding rep for to see any hidden missions but doubtful. I always just assumed it was a nod and wink in relation to the DW faction next door, eg lore ‘fluff’ (sorry flavour) but like most things in ED with insufficient clues, and too much grind and the promise of another shiny thing just around the next corner, such dalliances get waylaid for other more ‘profitable’ things.

I’ve long suspected ED is riddled with thousands of such things, which are flavour, and don’t actually resolve into anything ‘actionable’ or any physical reward. Eg the permeable illusion of life.

“We got it wrong” DB - they didn’t want Cmdrs to grind, but explore the bubble by “following the missions” and “getting involved with the smaller factions”.

It’s comforting but ultimately reliant upon one’s ability to project onto it. Great for a single player but overtime the illusion wears thin in a multiplayer context with everything discovered…

I believe FD was designed this way intentionally, which is not a criticism.

How much is there in ED which simply doesn’t lead anywhere, or that thread was never implemented, how much is intentional, how much is a ghost?

The same feeling can be obtained from obtaining the Nastrond permit, so much potential there, in regards to its prominence within the Yggdrasil systems, but to date, no detectable missions nor narrative thread to lead you elsewhere, Nastrond doesn’t take you anywhere else linked to Yggdrasil, like all other permits, it’s just a ‘secret that everyone can find’, so much of ED is effectively built around a single player game ethos.

Thread 'Nuenets: an interesting system that may deserve a closer look?'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threa...system-that-may-deserve-a-closer-look.146445/
Last edited: Jan 13, 2023
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Louis Calvert and 1 other person