DeanCalaway
Apr 22, 2021
#22,995
I see most people here tend to focus on the lore regarding Raxxla and use that to attempt to find it, but I haven't seen (not that I looked at everything with a fine comb) much on the technical video-game aspect of it, so...

If Raxxla is in ED since day one ready to be found, we can exclude any locked systems or any system beyond the max jump range of non-engineered ships.
Since FDev also stated no more clues, forget about looking for any on planet surfaces, or even Horizons-specific geological surface features from space.
With that in mind perhaps the search for Raxxla would be best conducted with non engineered ships on base non-Horizons (let alone Odyssey) game.
The original game from 1984 also mentions "becoming elite" in reference to finding Raxxla, from a video game perspective I can easily see how being Quadruple-Elite could be used as a pre-requisite for the system where Raxxla is to even show up in the galaxy map as just another star with a generic name.

With all that said, and Raxxla not even being well defined it could either be a planet or a station, since those are the two things the vanilla ED has to offer, and while ambiguous I think it is reasonable to assume Raxxla would be planet, likely with some extreme geology. Star forge has shown to be capable of generating some on random finds, and it could surely do even more if some restrains would be lifted for a specific body.

I think more than anything, for anyone wishing to go out there to find Raxxla they should make sure they are Quadruple-Elite first since that's video game 101 on how to hide content, just look at GTAV Bigfoot VS Werewolf, how many people play that game in such a relative small map and how long it took them to find that secret.

As for what awaits there, I'd advise VERY moderate expectations.
Remember, if Raxxla has been on ED since the start, it wouldn't be a planet to land on, and surely not a gateway to another galaxy as it has been speculated so often, because why even bother from a video game development stand point with that when the current galaxy as of today is still less than half of a percentage point explored?
Any other galaxies generated by Star Forge using the same assets would look identical, same stars, same planets, same moons, I don't get why so many people seem to be hitching to "get a new galaxy" in ED when you think about it that way.
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, Jack Shaftoe, Exekrator and 4 others