Markov Chaney
M
Jan 31, 2023
#29,109
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Peter's Base was a Coriolis. If memory is serving me correctly, per "All that Glisters" he was instrumental in it's construction. It is therefore possible that Facece was originally known as Vetitice.

View attachment 343634

The Vetitice connection..

View attachment 343637

If one of the planets in Facece used to be called Vetitice, my guess is we are looking for the first Coriolis with dimensions of 1 kilometer on a side (modern Coriolis stations are 2 kilometers on a side). Shape should be isohedron and look very similar to a Guardian Orb - just obviously much larger. The one in Lave is the first full-scale version, I believe.



Modern Coriolis stations are cuboctahedrons with a 2-kilometer diameter. When it was first introduced by GalCop, the design had a much smaller diameter of 1 kilometer, but beginning in the 3200's the size was increased. By the 3300's, although new Coriolis stations continue to be built both within the Core Systems and out in the frontiers of the Colonia Region and Pleiades Nebula, maintaining them has become more costly as parts have become more difficult to procure or manufacture.[1]*

* - Per Elite Encounters RPG

In other words, are the Coriolis stations in Facece the current dimensions or not?

Approximate shape we are looking for..

Though, the major problem here is does it really match with the Raxxla Codex? No obviously but would be something concrete that would not immediately stand out unless you paid really close attention. Though, orbital installations would be really good for hiding something.

Click to expand...

Perhaps I can help - my family heritage stretches back a lonnnnnng way. You would not believe some of the things we find in the family estate on Zaonce, especially when we unearthed that strongbox that great-factorial-father really, really didn't want The Revenue to find.

Anyway, we were involved in consulting on some of the new types of space stations (we got into that after our first fortune made on Lave from parking enforcement.)

So I can tell you that back then there were THREE kinds of space station design kicking around.
Coriolis - the cuboctahedron - I cannot tell you how complicated the legal battle was with Buckminster Structural Design Inc.
The "Dodo" - a Dodecahedron. One of our companies used a stylised lofi illustration on our letterhead. Most of that paperwork was destroyed in a suspiciously convenient fire just before the Third Great Revenue Raid.
The "Ico" - and that contract is what paid for the estate on Zaonce. The internal layout of these included a really clever stacked parking system for luxury liners. THOSE stations looked like your picture there in green.
The Icos were hellaciously expensive though, so in the end it was mostly high-tech systems that took them.

As for Vetitice itself - it was famously smack in the middle of the G1 region of the Galactic Centre; there's references to that everywhere in the records from Zaonce. It was definitely a human system BUT none of the names for nearby systems seem to be current so I don't know. They had to ban tourism from neighbouring worlds Sotiqu and Maxeedso after an unfortunate dinner incident between a Small Frog and a Small Black Fat Insect, where the latter became dinner for the former.

We did find some scribbles on the back of a beermat about possible export routes (things were tricky back then when it simply wasn't possible to jump farther than 7ly.) As far as we can work out the red box is Zaonce and the green box is Vetitice. What's weird is that Ededleen and Tianve much farther right on this map seem to have kept their names but none of the systems neighbouring Vetitice have...
Last edited: Jan 31, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian