Jorki Rasalas
Jan 31, 2023
#29,113
Han_Zen said:
The original description of Raxxla from the Dark Wheel, fits nicely with every planet that has Guardian structures.

"It's (Raxxla) a ghost world. A planet. A legend"
"on Raxxla there's an alien construct that's a gateway to other Universes"

Going by only this information, it's valid to assume that we have not only have found Raxxla. We have found a bunch of Raxxlas. We just don't know how to opperate the gateway.

All Guardian planets are ghost worlds. Their inhabitants are long gone, but the structures are not dead. They also all have alien constructs, that are gateways to the monolith network. That network is probably a universe of it's own, with all the sentient AI that are probably still inn there.
Click to expand...
Mmm, decided to perform a sanity check on this hypothesis, against what we know. (blame FD! I was going to finally get back in-game today after a week out trying to understand the ramifications of domestic solar panels and heat pumps in the UK, but the latest Update has intervened). Firstly:
FD sources:
(DB) Drew Wagar reported “ I talked with David Braben at bar after an award ceremony. I asked him "Is Raxxla in the game?"

He answered with "Yes. And we know where it is." (I assumed the "we" meant Frontier Developments).”

It was Tuesday the 8th July 2014 at about 7pm David Braben was giving his presentation which was called "My other car's a Cobra Mk3." at the Bafta Games Showcase (building was near Piccadilly in London): Raxxla...? Well - "It exists, we know where it is and we know why people haven't been able to find it..."

forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-day-i-met-david-braben.25158/post-536632

(MB) “It’s in the Milky Way” and “you have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious so people know what they’re doing”

Q: founder's world name?...Shinrarta Dezhra... I'm a tiny little bit disappointed they didn't call it Raxxla - A: (MB) “Raxxla is something different”

(MB) “FD did look at a story involving Raxxla, but felt that was a story that should be played out in game rather than as a novel”

(MB) “It’s something in the game world (not text) and very hard to find”

(MB) “It’s not a random thing”

(MB) “Anyone can find it, and more than once”

(Allen Stroud) “it is a topic within the Alien lore book” that we have no insight into

(DB) “You don’t know what it is”

Yep, I think it meets all those criteria. We still dont know what it is, but a particular Guardian site which actually does something significant, and hence is Raxxla, is a useful working hypothesis.

The Codex:
Wont repeat everything, just I think the salient points:

The toast could just be exactly that and not a map to Raxxla!

legend of Raxxla has been circulating, in whispers, for centuries. So either it was physically discovered by an explorer such as Augustus Brenquith, or perhaps it was information deciphered from the alien Mars Artefact?
(Though a possibility is still that it’s an Guardian AI isolated on Triton but that was the original source of the artefact).
First Raxxla rumour record dated 2296, 16 years after Mars alien artefact discovered, so feasible.
Compliant with “Raxxla is a definite place and that it holds a mystical secret”? - yep, probably
Omphalos Rift, a alien gateway or tunnel to parallel universes? - possibly
“Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars”- possible red herring. Or maybe entering the Omphalos results in spiralling stars? Or does the Thargoid map show Guardian sites? Or...possibly red herring!
Fernweh paragraph? Likely fluff, but I think we should set ourselves up as a squadron, the “Fernweh Vagabonds”!
several conspiracy theories say it has already been discovered by some kind of sinister cabal (or sole tyrant)-yep. I u derstand that Halsey’s “Caretakers of the Universe” was an attempt by The Club to distract from Guardians. Also that sole tyrant could be the Guardian AI isolated on Triton.

The Logo
Is this reminiscent if any part of any Guardian site discovered to date?


Incidentally, while trying to find a pic of the logo (thought I had a copy on my ipad but no...but I do now) I found this on Reddit.
https://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/axvkyd
Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/axvkyd/this_is_what_raxxla_could_look_like/

Might have appeared in this thread a while ago, not sure. But interesting concept, vaguely reminds me of those strange Guardian beacons, which have always struck me as hiding something more...
Last edited: Jan 31, 2023
Reactions:
Han_Zen, Zieman, Rochester and 1 other person