Rochester
Jan 31, 2023
#29,114
The idea that Raxxla is of Guardian origin and likely identifies as any / every or a primary guardian site we’ve found or yet to find, is a practical application of the data we have and not out of the realms of believability.

Prior to FD dropping Guardian teasers what evidence was there to their actual existence?

It could fit with the description of ghost worlds, alien constructs etc, it even matches the removed PF/ED missions concerning crystal shards!

Imagining how the DW missions might have played out, they might have resolved towards any Guardian planet, and then FD would then roll out the Guardian narrative…as they have so far and Raxxla remains a partial mystery.

The Guardians nemeses were the Thargoids… if following this logic with Brookes involvement, Thargoids are likewise good match for his ‘old ones’ thread from his unwritten book, plus they are tied to the Pleiades, which in itself is a good link to Lovecraft, another of Brookes inspirations.

I think under Brookes, if Raxxla was not so linked, and was more of a Holdstock story, remembering how Stroud indicated, Holdstock was not something Braben was interested in, but more so Brookes…then it being tied to the Guardians and the Mars relic is a good fit.

This would explain why we haven’t found it, because we already have, we just don’t know it yet, because as @Jorki Rasalas alludes we haven’t figured out how / if we can turn it on…because maybe such a ‘key’ is narratively locked to some ‘payoff’ as Arthur emphatically described it!… think Thargoid feet invasions, then Guardian AIs coming in at the last minute to rescue us / mop the floor etc!

A little disappointing if it were, I’d prefer a Holdstock Easter egg, maybe it was, maybe they changed the direction and absorbed Brookes potential ’Founders-sided story’ into a shared narrative everyone could be involved in… but nether the less it’s a theory…and like the Mars relic, why FD won’t talk, because it’s their narrative and they don’t want us jumping chapters…
Last edited: Feb 1, 2023
Reactions:
Han_Zen, Jorki Rasalas and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian