simulacrae
Jul 26, 2024
#34,537
To start off - I think what is being described here is a complete cosmology. It encompasses the whole of the Galaxy and to a certain extent - parts of every story.

There is a description of the creative process involving the creation of the "world" that is being applied to things...

We have the Intellect (or Science) combining with Nature to create the "constructs" or "ideal forms", "archetypes"... but for the grand scale lets just call it a "Seed"
The Seed serves as an initial value (given birth in natures womb), and the algorithms (Demiurge?) use it to generate various aspects of the universe.

There may be one Seed but we are so far down stream from that initial purity that we can never know it directly ( 23114, 584, 46931). The only way to get a sense of it is through passed down memories... Or death - death is another way.

When we take this format and look at the themes associated with Raxxla in the context of Mythagos we get not one path - but many holloways that go into the forest so to speak.

Looking at some of the obvious themes in game, Heaven/Hell Axis - Utopias - Hero Killing the Dragon... Each of these themes has multiple stories associated with them - these "Mythagos" ( I hope im interpreting this right) are shadows of the original seed that was generated. Following any one path will not get us to the answer - we must identify multiple and find convergences. The Milton cosmology, The Ulysses Path... etc... and map them out.

Rochester said:
This is why I believe Raxxla or the path to it exists within the Lost Realm zone. It is both an Easter egg to Holdstock, but likewise a collection of Mythagos.

Yup I think this area is probably "key" And the fact that it also contains Achenar makes me think the origin story of the Empire will have more to tell us.
I will say that there are other areas as well that we will need to look at. Thinking about memories passed down through tales - the thunder god fighting the dragon.... a passed down shared memory that referred to the Guardian / Thargoid war...
Reactions:
Rochester