selbie
Jul 26, 2024
#34,539
Rochester said:
So in game these said Otherworlds are not in the pendant globe, but are outside of it and technically from a Miltonian perspective - in Hell. Is this actually an indication in game of the true shape of the authors cosmological model, or is it an academic misinterpretation by the in game author?
This might explain how I came to the idea of our galaxy being akin to Hell. Hell is only hell from the perspective of the Empyrean. To cosmic beings like Chaos and Night, Hell was just another friendly neighbour imposed on them by that pesky "God" guy. What a jerk!
To the ancient Greeks, the Underworld was more like a place concealed 'under' our reality and thus mortals couldn't interact with it directly. Once you were sent there, its guardians made sure there was no escape.

Rochester said:
Contradictory I also speculate that the Miltonian construct is in parts still equally true in game, especially the path Satan used to exit, to travel up towards the Empyrean.

Within the Empyrean in game there are likewise various systems (but not as prolific), that identify similar lost lands or Edens.

Do we need to follow this path, is it identifiable in game (mechanism - direct) or outside the game (lore / environment / narrative) - esoteric). Or can we take a shortcut, if so will we know how to find it.
I agree, and ultimately something needs to exist in the game for us to follow. You've built evidence of a cosmological model so far, and so it begs the question which interpretation can reveal a logical path?
The Brookes Tour beacon does directly point us specifically to Book 2, so maybe that is how MB also constrained the search?

In Paradise Lost Book 2, when the fallen spread out to explore Hell and observe its aspects, Milton describes Limbo from line 557:
Others apart sat on a Hill retir'd,
In thoughts more elevate, and reason'd high [a reference to Dante's Castle of Limbo]
Of Providence, Foreknowledge, Will and Fate,
Fixt Fate, free will, foreknowledg absolute,
And found no end, in wandring mazes lost.

From the perspective of Hell's inhabitants, Paradise exists within Hell. So could this help explain why the Lost World systems are present within the Underworld Zone and not 'below' the Empyrean? Limbo was basically a punishment for pagan beliefs before Christianity, so in the context of the system naming this conveniently facilitates incorporation of the other mythologies, and thus obfuscating it enough to be a challenge.

Also in the preceding lines at 545, there is mention of a "silent valley" where the fallen sing 'the devil's song' which 'suspended hell' as they listened.
Could this mean Satan is the siren of the deepest void? and the subject of the toast?
This would point to TDW acolytes being an allegory of the fallen angels. Perhaps this is how TDW see themselves. Powerful beings akin to seraphim.
Satan could be the jewel standing on the brow. The mother of galaxies - Sin, the mother of Death - galaxies evolved from the deaths of the first primordial stars. Whisperer (satan) in witchspace (the void). Parent and lover. Yearning of vagabond (the fallen) hearts.

So perhaps from this one could construct an esoteric path where satan leaves the Empyrean realm, crosses the bridge of souls, enters the gates of hell, and somewhere in the underworld or lost realm we might find Raxxla??

Is there a Castle of Limbo aka TDW Station somewhere to be found?
Last edited: Jul 26, 2024
Reactions:
Rochester and simulacrae