Rochester
Jul 26, 2024
#34,536
This is why I believe Raxxla or the path to it exists within the Lost Realm zone. It is both an Easter egg to Holdstock, but likewise a collection of Mythagos.

To be obfuscated upon the outer rim.

To intentionally make something less clear and harder to understand.

What better place to hide something, but within a conglomeration of other mythologies!

It is upon the outer rim of a zone of influence, be this the frontier mentioned in Legacy; the area denoted by the date 2296; or the boundary of this cosmological construct?

I’m trying to visualise Brookes model universe. One speculation is that his universe is not a reflection of that of Milton etc, but an extension. Brookes ‘older gods’ of Lovecraft influence were by his description the true progenitors, so our perception of the universe is biased from the outset.

I find it very insightful that all these ‘lost realms’ - these ‘other Edens’ as Holstock identified, are within the Underworld. This placement, although in contradiction to the Christian layout, is historically accurate.

The concept of ‘Hell and heaven’ as two separate realms, were segregated by distance via a Christian concept, established primarily to denigrate pre-Christian beliefs during periods of migration and invasion. The older concepts revolved around the Underworld being the Otherworld, a place upon the outer-world, the far away but at the same time everywhere.

So the in game localisation looks by my assessment to be correct?

In theory this pendant globe ought to hang from the brow of heaven. Not in hell?

But what if it did. Has Brookes moved Eden and placed it correctly in the Otherworld… or equally accurate, is the path or gate to Raxxla found in the Otherworld?

I find the ‘correct’ placement of these Otherworlds perplexing because in Milton’s universe construction these locations existed - as did Eden ‘within’ the pendant globe not outside of it, it was a universe within a universe.

Satan, having found the pendant globe flys into the globe and downwards, during this period of flight through its internal construction (our universe) he passes innumerable other worlds, likened by Milton to various classical and pagan paradises, where the blessed dwell in bliss.

‘Like those Hesperian gardens famed of old, Fortunate fields, and groves and flowery vales, Thrice happy isles, but who dwelt happy there He stayed not to inquire’.

So in game these said Otherworlds are not in the pendant globe, but are outside of it and technically from a Miltonian perspective - in Hell. Is this actually an indication in game of the true shape of the authors cosmological model, or is it an academic misinterpretation by the in game author?

I think personally this is the true shape of the cosmology, and it is not wholly Miltonian. I speculate the Lost Realms / Otherworlds exist upon an axis, at the base of which grows the tree of Yggdrasil (very Celtic). Technically upon an area denoted in Norse myth as the edge of the world.

The underworld exists in the lower hemisphere, and is made up of all the fallen ‘lower’ Older gods, guardians of the dead and underworld. Above it, a zone of ‘Storm gods’ Older gods or creators gods (similar to Milton’s Chaos - womb of nature); above that the Empyrean, the seat of the Devine.

The whole cosmology I speculate is upon a shifted axis and that internally various mythologies are laid out and follow similar alignments.

Contradictory to this I also speculate that the Miltonian construct is in parts still equally true in game, especially the path Satan used to exit, hell then to travel up through Chaos towards the Empyrean and the pendant globe!

The Empyrean in game likewise has various systems (but not as prolific), that identify similar lost lands or Edens.

Do we need to follow this path, is it identifiable in game (mechanism - direct) or outside the game (lore / environment / narrative) - esoteric). Or can we take a shortcut, if so will we know how to find it?

Irrespective of my wider cosmological observations, my assessment of the codex would advocate it’s telling us to travel and find something below the underworld, I speculate the Codex is also referring to the book Legacy, and some esoteric clue that will help reduce the sphere of this focal point.

Where it takes us next is a total unknown. But I speculate said clue has some contextual or literary link to Holdstock.
Last edited: Jul 26, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae