yelboc
Jul 23, 2024
#34,525
Suhurrat said:
Array Delta 69
Strange signal. People disappeared
27,8863 / -35,5144 0'9g
Gravitational field 0,1 G around 10km.

Col 285 Sector BG-O d6-93

Find the spot with 0,1g and listen.

Go to 7 Pleiades sisters. Go to their parents.
First one is Alcyone -82.9375 / -156.78125 / -362.09375
Second one is Atlas 8.1875 / 26.71875 / -6.0625 Charick Drift scan for Atlas generational ship.

next step already is in your mind - Electra controlled by the Hive collective. Anti Xeno initiative.
You know the drill. Next step is Maia - with obsidian orbital - first settelment established outside core.
Next one is Merope. - first goid barnacle. You see the pattern.
Next is Pleione.

The Pleiades are the daughters of Atlanta and Pleione. Its poetic.
Poetry? Let me collect the numbers.

Oh, yeah, I'm already losing my mind. But i see from where is it coming.

A Lover's Complaint - also know as lover's woe. Thanks shakespeare.

Going to Merope back. In the myth of Orion's pursuit of the Pleiades, it is implied that Merope was the pigeon that perished time after time between the Plancts, and was revived by Zeus. Stop wait for a moment. What is a Plancts?

Planktos - in Greek mythology, floating rocks, misleading, were a serious obstacle to ships

Seven pigeons were supposed to fly through the Planktas every day. The Pleiades were turned into them to deliver ambrosia to Zeus. Six managed to fly, but the seventh one died, and Zeus replaced it with a new one (variant - revived it).

What? Log entry? Game? Section PR5 row 2 seats 5 and 6. Pleiades Region 5. Merope is a fifth. Row 2 is a second planet. Dead centre? Pole probably. Whitch one?

Ohhhhhh okay... where is it? Where to look? I see.

So. Homer's epic Odyssey mentions the Wandering Rocks, which are described in Circe's story to Odysseus. According to this narrative, the rocks smash ships and the remaining parts of the ships are scattered across the sea or exposed to fire. These rocks are on one of the potential routes leading to the island of Ithaca.

Praea Euq QDC b54-0 (Plantae (The Wandering Rock))

Wait? So...we return to homer's odyssey?








Alright let's check. There is crash site poi on Scylla D3.




Oh i see there.



So we need the space between Scylla and Charybdis.








I know what everyone might think. that I'm a lunatic. But there's too much interconnectedness. Signals out of nowhere. Gravitational anomalies. People going crazy or disappearing without a trace. Plus it all too well lays down the story of the toast and the odyssey.
Click to expand...
Charybdis is in game: it's a dock for capital ships in the Carthage system, or was at least when I wrote my website some years ago.

Homers Odyssey
“To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies. To the whisperer in witch-space. The siren of the deepest void. The parents grief. The Lovers woe and the yearning of our vagab…
vagabondsofraxxla.wordpress.com
Reactions:
simulacrae and Suhurrat