simulacrae
Jul 25, 2024
#34,533
Rochester said:
Yes.

Raxxla was created by Holdstock, not from Elite lore but Holdstock’s. It’s a repeated theme concerning lost realms or otherworldly Edens, and the original ‘a place that’s not a place a door which is also a key’ etc flows from these inspirations. Otherworld’s were liminal spaces opened by ethereal magical objects or ordinary natural doorways or barriers.

My suspicions are, that given the heavy references within the Codex identifying the dense fulcrum of systems all named after such mythical locations, that FD are honouring a large part about where and what Raxxla is by utilising Holdstock lore and or influences. It is not a new invention.

Granted it likely will be mixed with Lovercraft and Milton…elements all of which share similar themes and influences.

Any new text will hopefully provide some fresh perspective. Not necessarily towards understanding Raxxla, but how key players may have interpreted the source material. Or at most provide a fresh perspective lens to view such texts, which may / may not advocate certain repeating themes?

One may but hope.
Click to expand...

Yes i think it will be an interesting read. It also reminded me of my earlier attempts going through Holdstocks works - I had identified Lavondyss from his Mythago series as a similar thing to Raxxla. It is a hodgepodge of names- a combination of Lyonesse, Avalon and Dis. All systems in game - well Dis as Dis Pater… (also another Dante reference). I guess in a way Lavondyss is a Mythago for Raxxla. All these alternate paths via the Myths of Milton, Holdstock, Homer, Dante, Plato, etc… leading to Raxxla is very reminiscent of his paths in the woods.

Looking back - i didnt make the connection then , but it does explain why the area around Achenar has Heaven, Hell, and the Lost Worlds in one area - it is all in how Lavondyss was described…

"Tir-na-nOc, dear Steven, Avalon, Heaven. Call it what you like. It's the unknown land, the beginning of the labyrinth. The place of mystery. The realm guarded not against Man but against Man's curiosity. The inaccessible place. The unknowable, forgotten past" (Mythago Wood 265)
Last edited: Jul 25, 2024
Reactions:
El Saico and Rochester