Thatchinho
Jul 12, 2018
#2,975
shroom2021 said:
An extreme shot in the dark, but I am wondering if anyone else has ever thought of this.
The SECURE (numbers) transmissions could be setting a secure channel, but that strikes me as odd they would use the same channel/code everytime. Not great opsec.
My hypothesis is that the beginning of the transmission may refer to galactic coordinates instead. Most of the permutations of these numbers as coordinates point to an area in the local bubble near sol.
This gives me two idea. If Raxxla has been around as long as the lore says it has, it may have been destroyed/effected by the supernova that created that bubble some 10-20 million years ago. I can think of three possibilities from here on.
1. Raxxla was ejected from this area by the supernova. This would mean it could have travelled a maximum (given that nova can accelerate gas/debris up to 10% the speed of light) of 5480 LY (+- 2/3 LY). Plot two possible courses through the galaxy considering gravitational effects from other systems/spin and you can get a path 10mil years ago and 20mil years ago. The average may provide a search area.
2. Raxxla is a ghost planet because it's dead. Destroyed by a supernova. The reference is either to something else or a historical reference
3. Raxxla is a "ghost planet" and is capable of phasing in and out of this dimension and avoided the nova altogether meaning it is still at one of the coordinates.

Evidence (circumstantial at best, hence very long shot/hypothesis)
1. Raxxla described as ghost planet
2. Raxxla existing before the galaxy
3. Supernova creating the bubble close enough for early space explorers to have discovered and started rumors about it prior to the witchdrive.
4. Existence of INRA locations within that local bubble.

I am only now acquainting myself with the Raxxla lore, so information I haven't read yet may immediately disprove this. Doing so would save me a metric ton of time as I wouldn't be compelled to chart estimated paths, find averages, search areas, etc. etc. Probably to the tune of a few years of time. So anyone being able to write this off as nothing more than a fevered dream is encouraged to do so.

Thank you in advance for any input.

Hey cmdr, a few questions and comments!

What number transmissions do you mean?

Are you talking about different things at times when you say bubble? (You seem to be talking about the bubble in the sense of human occupied space, at one point, but then that doesn't make sense in the context of other parts.)

There's no lore I'm aware of that says how long Raxxla has existed for (anyone else know of anything?). There's just some possible indications of when it was first discovered by humanity.

Also, could you clarify with regard to a supernova creating a local bubble? Not sure what this is actually pertaining to tbh!
Reactions:
shroom2021