Hanerib
Jul 11, 2018
#2,961
The Micro Bit reference seems like fan fiction, but it would be interesting to hear the story behind it. The usual wiki comments section spam is usually less.. eloborate.

I have been exploring lately, nominally searching for cool black hole systems, but as always, there's a bit more to it. A few days ago I thought there was something irregular in the witch space jump, like second star hovering next to destination star, but it is entirely plausible I was just a bit tired. Raxxla being in a fixed location only determinable by seeing something in witch space jump is interesting idea though.

I don't usually travel long distances without listening to music, so I noticed only recently that space is pretty loud closer to core region. At first I thought it was coming from the core, but it seems to be originating from another direction, and the yellow spot always marking the way is apparantly another galaxy. I believe the sound is result of an active galactic nucleus, imagine being able to make jet cone boost from a supermassive black hole..

Lately I realized that some of Ernst Haeckel's (16 February 1834 – 9 August 1919) art looks surprisingly familiar, especially this one, you know what it is: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Haeckel_Siphonophorae_59.jpg
Siphonophorae are marine animals, zooids that form colonial organisms. Also they look like weird jellyfish. Connection has been brought up a few times in these forums, so it's not entirely original, but it is quite interesting. Only time I would find thargoids being called zooids was in a closed thread, posted by yah-ta-hey in 04/09/2015. He seems to mention an Oolite expansion pack, that apparently has something to do with thargoids, and you guessed it, Raxxla. So my conclusions from this, also backed by my interpretation of similarities between Communication Array Delta 69 and AJN Lion fanfic, would be that despite Oolite and Frontier: First Encounters being ruled as not-canon, old stuff like that should be investigated, and Raxxla possibly being in form of fan-service for Oolite community.
Last edited: Jul 11, 2018