Noobilite
Jul 11, 2018
#2,967
I still think there is a small chance it is referring to state surveillance hinted at by Ian bell in his interview. If raxxla is a metaphor or story about the reality of state surveillance then it could mean governments inbedded stuff in the game and are watching us.

Raxxla is a group who got to a location first that gives them large amounts of money and the ability to potentially do things that could be attributed to a surveillance state. Hidden and in the background and jealous to keep their hold at all cost and stop anyone else from reaching the same spot....

People did see that qoute from Ian bell's interview right?

All statements presumed and otherwise fit this scenario. Notice the original artworks is an all seeing eye. That could have always been a hint at upcoming state surveillance desires and realities and the point of the book. Most fiction is written like this.

R)
Is PC the gaming future, or maybe it's up to consoles? What are your expectations on Amiga comeback?

I)
Amiga's chances are nil IMHO, though I wouldn't describe my opinion as "informed". PCs and consoles will meet in some sort of ungodly home info/game-station wired in to the Internet and most likely with state surveillance capabilities.

So, if it's in the game, but we don't know what it is. Of course it's in the game. We know where it is at fdev. etc. It could be something in the code.

Oddly enough the one company known for making their games all work for all platforms has now stopped doing this and wont' even make a linux client... It's all odd.

Notice that all games are going online. The oddity of microsoft maintaining a monopoly, which has always been hinted at as a government backed one, and the odd focus on that demographic. Plus the bizarre change in teh programming communities over decades to go from being about functionality and ethics to being greedy to the point of it being bizarre and focused in a ways fitting this sort of scenario. Everything about the gaming industry hints at this. As well as the general changes in the programming community and software development over time. Even how crappy linux developments is now reaks of clumsy government idiots interfering somehow. That always leads to incompetence on a mass scale. Just consider everyone's views of Fdev. The fact they have been and can be forced into a public company and other potentials in law and financial sectors around the world. These are all old ideas, but it's a glaringly obvious idea given the reality of what we do now and have been living in.

Get me my tinfoil suit of armour and shield! 8) It's time to go marching on! Spread the word! ;d

Tin foil knights! We aren't protected. We are harmless to everyone, but we won't be silenced!! ><


It's not the knight you want, but it's the knight you deserve! 8D <- could be a happy face or a tiny peni! Fits either way.

And for those of you who just have to get airborne! 8o (This is actually made of tinfoil.)

I wonder if you can press aluminium foil into a cool costume. I'm not sure on the cost difference or functionality, but you could probably make a good looking armor and maybe even do detailing pretty nicely.


If you planned out each of the parts you could even do some riveting of sorts and make it physically wearable. Although I doubt it could protect from anything. But if it can be made structurally strong enough you could make it functional from a wearable standpoint. You could even press the rivets and possibly any tools to apply the rivets! >< (You just might need to press those more so they are stronger. Although the rivet might need to be close to the same density. Plus develop a way to control the hardness of the armor and rivet points or whatnot if needed. And/or go chain mail etc. I would think you could do most armor types if you really wanted to. Tin foil threading and a real tin foil shirt could be cool. Might need to find a way to make real tin foil hairs though or add weight/material or less bendability or something at certain levels.)

Could tin foil blacksmiths work with less heat and weaker tools(AKa tin foil) if they are careful about pressing the metal for the tools properly?! Blacksmiths traditionally made their anvil and tools first. You could just change out the source of material and have at it!! >< I would be curious what the difference in cost would be. I would think the tools would cost the most as they might need to be denser. Unless they have to constantly be remade to be close the the applied materials density or something odd.
Last edited: Jul 11, 2018
Reactions:
Hanerib