Staarlord
S
Jul 11, 2018
#2,966
DrewCarnegie said:
Not at all!
I'm asking you to:

1. Clear your save
2. Buy a Cobra III
3. Get allied with the Dark Wheel
4. Fly 35kLY to Dryu Bra XX-L a9-0
5. Scan it
6. Fly 35kLY back to Shin
7. Sell the UC data to the Dark Wheel

Off you go, there's a good chap



They know the system is there, but they don't know that Raxxla is in the system - which is why you'll never see a planet named 'Raxxla'.

It's interesting you say that. Supposedly one of the Lavcon streams someone hinted that Raxxla was within reach/ range (can't recall which and I've heard it both ways) of an unmodified Cobra MKIII, but I can't find the actual source to it hear the exact wording. At first I took it to be referencing the Jameson crash site, but seen nothing around it. of course I can't even really be sure it was even said in the first place. But it still got me wondering if the Cobra MKIII is the key. Rebecca flew a Cobra MKIII, Jameson flew a Cobra MKIII, the Cobra MKIII is really the signature ship. Then there was another hint, "It's out there and we (FD) knows where it is." Now we usually refer to FD, as FDev, so thought that was interesting. And it got me thinking of factions, or stations whose initials could be FD. Then I wondered if it could be Faulcon Delacy, since they manufactured the Cobra and went searching their new and old home system (Sol being the new).
However, supposedly, in the latest Lavcon 2018 stream, one of them folks up in Fdev said, "Now there's an interesting question, of course Raxxla's in the game, but you don't know what it is." This can mean a lot of things, perhaps we're not looking for the direct planet, but a gateway that opens in a more puzzle-like fashion. Similar to how it used to open when the gateway was in a system (Tionisla?) neighboring Lave. I guess you had to fly around a Lave, clockwise, twice and jump to said system within 7-9 jumps. So whatever we're looking for I'm convinced it's not going to be a planet that you can just jump in and ping, but probably first a gateway that leads to the planet. then I expect stiff resistance, since, well, the Raxxlans are warmongers. So when you are near Raxxla, you should be getting a pretty clear indicator that you're near something big. LOL

I really think it's not as far as some of us are looking...at least not the means of access. Heck, Raxxla can be back in Andromeda, or the like. I mean even if we are looking for a planet-like object there are ways it can hide out of plane sight and, yet, be right under our noses. It could be in the flippin Sirius system and cloaked, it can be in an asteroid belt, USS, it can be sitting loosely in a single star system with no other bodies, but omitted from the flight guides/ UI that outlines objects, making it difficult to see against the starry back drop.
Last edited: Jul 11, 2018