Vektorboson
V
Feb 28, 2021
#21,540
I'm not taking that bait.

Indeed, everything looks like dark wheels. Everyone here could be Drew Wagar. Drew Wagar is just a name.
Macros Black is just a name. Michael Brooks is just a name. All names here are pen names.
And everyday every name can decide to be a different character from a different children's book. Or scifi-series.

You could be a witch. You could be Q. You could be Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice. You could be Big Johnson. You could be Odin, the god of 100 names. You could be Michael Brooks, the forum-troll with 100 names

You could be messaging me under one name, telling me about Nemorensis, and immediately under a different name, in this thread, talking about "Why Nemorensis?".
You could sprinkle small little hints everywhere in this forum, thus making this forum the actual game. And then you play the witch in the 3D-rendered world.

You could be one person. You could be multiple persons. You could be multiple persons in one person.
You could be a different person at different times but under the same name.

You could be a chess piece, so you'd be check mated.

So, stop this charade! Reveal yourself! Reveal your true nature!


I'm not going to run in circles no more, chasing my own tail, just so "dog" rotates into "god".

No. I'm done here, since there is nothing for me to hunt anymore.
A hunting dog loves to chase that which it doesn't understand. It loves chasing rabbits, barking up the tree, licking its(erm... forget about that).

Finding Raxxla is the void, the emptiness, the lack of a hunting ground. The place that is not a place.

I will be retiring my character tomorrow, on Luna's day, exactly where it is right now, and there's nothing you can say to make me change my mind!
And then I'll see you on the dark side of the moon. When in reality it's all dark.

Thank you.

PS:
@David Braben
Pink Floyd before DSOTM is the superior Floyd, you pleb






dub di

dub di

dub di

dub di

Isn't this, where we...
Reactions:
TrillClinton and [PS4] Filthymick420