Q Hung
Q
Jun 9, 2019
#8,810
Scytale said:
My two cents about Romero.
If FD want us to have a chance to find him, then more clues are coming.
If no clues are coming... Forget about it. There isn't even an NPC called Gan Romero flying through the MW.
They just love to keep us hyped and swarming like blind flies across their Stellar Forge. (Most of the time for nothing at all.)
Imho.
Btw... He is not supposed to be flying his own ship, is he ? So is there point in being looking for a "Cmdr" Gan Romero DBX ?
Mmmh ? Oh..yes. Ofc. We always can bet on another FD's usual inconsistency.

I haven't but I heard they are called "obfuscated".
Click to expand...

Interesting take. Perhaps I've been in-galaxy too short a time (2 months now) to have grown properly cynical, like some others around here.

Here's my 2 cents. The storyline doesn't exist for nothing, maybe that's naive, but I imagine there's a point to it. The fact that previous plots didn't pan out to be as spectacular as others wish doesn't make participation in the greater storyline of a beautiful universe any less worthwhile to me. Perhaps the Halsey storyline never progressed because the players missed the next step, and the Romero line is another crack at the same puzzle. It would seem to cheapen the universe if a "missed" story element were simply handed out after some time to force universe progression - I rather like the concept that Cmdrs were given a couple years to crack it, then when we didn't, we get another shot at it from another angle. It seems, you know, organic. Less "gamey".

Also, looking solely for a comms return for a "Cmdr Gan Romero" would indeed be silly. But looking for his wreck site, or the secret facility he may have been heading to, or evidence of his passing through a system, or any number of other breadcrumbs seems a lot less so.

In any case, being in a full-scale MW is so intellectually stimulating that searching for Romero is, for me, more or less an excuse to fly around for 25,000Ly with some level of purpose - even if it is a fool's errand.

I guess I'm the fool then. A fool who really likes his Krait.

Q
Reactions:
Exocortex, Rat Catcher, Macros Black and 2 others