Mattius101
Jul 30, 2020
#18,175
My thoughts on Raxxla is that, sadly I doubt it is accessable in the game. And tbh with the game in its current state I am happy with this. Here's why.

To find something as grand as the myth may suggest only to come across a world you cannot land on nor do anything with would be a massive anti-climax. It would probably be very bad publicity for FDev. In terms of storyline it is the primary drive for a lot of players.

Finding a world, a gateway, a Dyson sphere, a new race or WHATEVER Raxxla may be would be a million times better if you could tread into its ancient hallways or escape its grasp via the update using two feet. I'm happy to wait for it. Even if there is only a segment of the puzzle to discover come 2021. As bad as it may seem that FDev had lied about the Raxxla status, I prefer finding it at some point in the future and it meeting my expectations than finding it in 2016 and it being stock planet with a scannable signpost.

Let's not forget that most of the hype has stemmed from this very thread, that the hunger to find out what and where Raxxla is was nursed by the players that asked these questions. The hype was born here. FDev would be wise to take note of some of these ideas, some of them are incredible, some instances however of interactions with newer players have been quite salty. Such a shame really as this game isn't exactly massive in terms of its concurrent player base. The elitist nature to some of these groups heed progress to find anything if in fact I am wrong and make fresh minds wary to add their own thoughts for fear of ridicule.

Regardless of what the "elders" of this forum may or may not accept as community approved lore on the subject please remember we know that only the codex entry is confirmed lore in regards to the Raxxla subject. There is many examples of snippets of storyline from the previous games having some presence in ED.
Nobody knows what has and has not been ret-conned as there is no official statement from the makers of the game in regards to this. Any theory is as valid as the other at this stage as it is equally speculative.

The dark wheel novel may, or may not have been partially ret-conned. So to use this one example as the one and only source of speculation yet to dismiss other conflicting theories is counter intuitive.

Remember
Raxxla has been sought after since 2014 and not a single discovery has been made.
Last edited: Jul 30, 2020
Reactions:
Fiera, John Stoutbeard, Jhaelen and 2 others