SecretDragon
S
Jul 17, 2018
#3,026
SecretDragon said:
Hi, if this has already been mentioned then sorry. It's just there's 201 pages of this. Though I did do a search and nothing showed up. I also don't know how useful this is, but it's stuff I noticed about The Dark Wheel's symbol and their supposed abduction of Kahina Tijani Loren. Symbols are important to humanity, and can influence someones perceptions of reality greatly. First, I'll s




Right away there are three very striking symbols to me. The first, is a snake eating it's own tail. That is a symbol that is from the Norse/Germanic religion, the World Serpent Jörmungandr. Once he bites his tail, Ragnarok begins. When he does battle with Thor, Thor defeats him and the blow was so powerful that Jörmungandr went back in time to when he was created. Him being in a circle represents many things. Like infinity, the circle of life, and time. This may hint that The Dark Wheel have the ability, or are looking for a way to manipulate time.

The second is a badge of the Pilots Federation. To me, this connects the two. Members of the Dark Wheel are most likely recruited from it. It could be they helped create the Pilots Federation. Or that they have control over the upper echelons.

The third noticeable symbol is that black and white color. I believe this to be the representation of Ying and Yang. The shape and coloring around the central figure looks a lot like the Yin and Yang symbol. This is a representation of how two things can be interconnected and interdependent. There is no light without the dark. There is no evil without good. There is no life without having death. In fact, more life is created from death. Perhaps the Dark Wheel view themselves as a neutral force. They could also have life extending abilities or the ability to resurrect the dead. Maybe if Raxxia truly connects to alternate and parallel universes, those places have such tech? Speaking of life and death...



The figure at the center of their symbol is Anubis. It appears to be a jackal, and there is no way it would be anything other than Anubis. Anubis was the protector of graves/mummies and later the Egyptian God of of the Afterlife. He guided souls to It is said if you rob a grave in Egypt, than Anubis will curse you. There are rumors of worlds out their similar to what humans perceive heaven. Is Raxxia that world? Or does its gateway(s) lead to such worlds?



Finally, highlighted in red is a symbol that has multiple interpretations to me, so this is all a stretch of imagination on my part. My theorizing may get wild here.

I believe it to be a form of the Square and Compasses. The symbol of Freemasonry. The Freemasons are a group of like minded individuals who meet together and help each other as well as their communities. Supposedly they come from the old Stonemason Guilds of the Middle Ages. There are a lot of conspiracy theories surrounding the cult, like them being the Illuminati, and all other kinds of things. But we won't focus on that here. We'll look at it in terms of The Dark Wheel. Perhaps The Dark Wheel came out of Freemasonry? Or it could be that the Dark Wheel existed before them, and they were a front.

The compass is an ancient tool used in various forms by humans. It's used to draw and plot various things such as navigation, math, architecture, and grids. The steel square is used to lay out structures that are square. Does the Dark Wheel have an over all plan for humanity? Are they navigators of time and space? The Thargoids can manipulate hyperspace, perhaps the Dark Wheel can as well.

This symbol is also a tipi, which was a portable/mobile structure used by the Plains Native American tribes of the central USA and Canada. They were nomadic, and followed their food sources around with the seasons. The tipi was designed with this in mind. Is The Dark Wheel nomadic? Could they travel across universes or galaxies, setting up shop? Maybe they become nomads through the gateways? To me this ties back into my mention of Anubis, the Dark Wheel could be composed of many alien species including humans who are worthy. Though, it could just be a representation of a home as well. The members of the Dark Wheel will always have a home with them.

The abduction and re-emergence of Kahina Tijani Loren is really interesting to me, because supposedly their symbol was at the crime scene with the word Salomé. Well, Salome is a biblical character (daughter of Herod) who demanded that the imprisoned John the Baptist be executed and to have his head. The word could have been left there in reference to this, perhaps she was John the Baptist in this situation. She later re-emerged using the name Salomé, and did a series of heists of specific materials with the Children of Raxxia. She also told the galaxy to fight for freedom. Could she have been brought to Raxxia, and was getting resources to power a gate way? Is the Dark Wheel preparing humans for this technology? I think the Children of Raxxia may have contained NPC's from Raxxia or have been.

Salomé is also similar to the ancient Hebrew word Shalom, which means peace. Maybe those on Raxxia are trying to find a peaceful galaxy or universe?
or have they already.

I don't know how much this can help. But it may lend clues to Raxxia's location. Perhaps the star has an Egyptian sounding name? Or maybe these all combine together to reveal clues about them.

Han_Zen said:
Good speculations. Unfortunately that DW symbol is fan made. The official DW symbol has not been released to the public.
Oh. :/

Well if it ever is I will be here to study every part of it.