Noobilite
Jul 17, 2018
#3,029
I finally got to see the actual video with the comment about you don't know what it is. It's definitely referring to the statement about what the 4 most common question is. It has nothing to do with Raxxla except it being a question to expect.

I was wrong about one other thing also. In the original artwork for Raxxla I said it has a sun/star and what looked like 6 planets, but the eye itself could represent a 7th planet. The glimmer coming from the eye also has 3 dots that look a bit like the 3 planets in the corner of the image about Raxxla with the dragon.

I found this: Has anyone looked if there is a, "Sector," Called Raxxla or Oisirs or similar?

Edit: Ignore the rest of this post. 1. I didn't notice that one the original poster saw that it was the elite symbol. 2. I missed the post that the TDW symbol was fan made...

As for the dark wheel symbol(still reading that.), it's a dragon potentially specifically and not a snake. Unless you count them as the same. Actually, it could be a specific reference to the bibles legged serpent in eden. AKA, it could be a reference to satan. Although there are more interpretations of what the snake was than that. Although I think that the new testament in english says it blunty...(not completely certain) But it could be a reference to other dragons obviously or be generic.

I wonder if the legs of the dragon also turn out to be characters in any languages like hebrew arabic or japanese or similar... That is not uncommon, and the Raxxla eye in the original artwork outside the game looks like it has a symbol that is japanese or hebrew in it.

BTW, that entire sybmbol in the middle is literally another sybmol we see in game. It is literally the Elite Dangerous sybmol at the top of this forum screen surounded by the dragon etc. The anubis head is part of that sybmol as are the wing lines.

Subtract this image from the above TDW image and then see what you get. Along with looking at the combo of where the images meet and if it does anything unique.





And mind you the name of the game is elite. It is about similar thing to real world analogs to the elite and like logic. The game is about intrigue. So the idea of a group controlling from the shadows is the most logical choice. IN this case the dragon encompassing this symbol. And then some weird planets and lines in the symbol. It's not just anubis. It's the elite symbol itself. Whatever that means. But the anubis head could be a part of the meaning of the elite symbol and need to be taken into account.

The stargate like symbol is from the two images colliding. It's actually cutting of the lines of the normal elite symbol because of the weird circular image in the middle on top of it.

In fact I think I've seen that center circle also. Isn't it the loading symbol for the game at some point or one used when your ships reticule is taking certain actions? And those two outter lines look almost exactly like two lines from your shield indicator. Maybe the dragon represents the third layer of shielding. Or the circle with the 3 orbs is the inner layer of shielding?!

The more detailed gold symbol almost makes it look like it is beaked... Is that a form of anubis?! I'm not very familiar with it.

Where did that TDW symbol come from. Is it an in game asset?

The body of the snake almost looks like the two interdiction bars with the symbol with your ships HP bar. Or the heat and speed bar with the HP bar on the bottom. It's almost like the dragon is encircling the symbol for elite and is aiming to gun it down.

I think that TDW symbol may be made up entirely of other in game assets and symbols put together. Identifying them may help understand things.



In fact the spines serpents body could come from this. Trade ranks.

If that is the case the entire image could come from other in game images. Possibly a combo of all 3 elite ranks?! Notice the dragons spines and the triangle things around the base of the symbols. That is probably where it comes from in some sense. In fact that dragons spines are exactly one of the spines in the trade symbol. It is almost lifted directly from it. Could mean something. ;d



Where this image came from<-Scroll down on the google search to see it.
I found this also. It's definitely part of the image!


BTW, The Children of Raxxla symbol I found earlier(possibly fan made) is literally the 1984 version of a thargoid! So, there is some potential to Raxxla being related to thargoids. Don't they both spend a lot of time in witch space?

Image of 1984 Thargoid

BTW, found another Children of Raxxla image and it has the exact same snake/dragon on it.

Image of Alternative Children of Raxxla Symbol. Is this one an official symbol?

Also found this!

Image from google search

BTW, This thargoid image has the exact same 3 round object on it on the upper left of the cockpit. Maybe the Raxxla mystery is related to thargoids. Or at the least those images are.
Last edited: Jul 17, 2018