bitstorm
Jul 17, 2018
#3,028
Jorki Rasalas said:
I did watch the DBOBE chat and agree that when a question comes up about the existence of Raxxla in-game he says “silly question, yes of course”, then Ed says something like he could have forecast the four most popular questions in advance (i.e. Raxxla topic is at least one of them) and DB responds “yes, but you don’t know what it is”.

So, nothing much there, and confirmed Ed is unaware of the details of Raxxla (as expected, probably a close secret within FD) except “what it is” rather than “where it is”. So I interpret that as meaning it is not just a run-of-the-mill planet, but something special (as we would expect).

of course that won’t stop some people being disappointed when it is found. As we saw with the FRift storyline, expectations can run much larger than the solution, that’s human nature.

Since there's not much more to go on besides dissecting everything Braben says to the nth degree.

/doffs meta-alloy hat

Braben: "Does Raxxla exist? Now there's an interesting one." ¹

Braben: "What a silly question, of course." ²

Braben: "Yep. You don't know what it is though." ³

On ². When I watch that video it really feels to me like he cuts himself short, and was going to say "What a silly question, of course it exists", this would seem to be the natural reply.

But it's on the final "exists" that he pauses, you can imagine he's about to say it then thinks something along the line of, "well hang on technically does it "exist" in the conventional meaning?".

He then mulls things over and ³ says "yeah, you don't know what it is though", which for me backs up the interpretation of the form of Raxxla being unusual, possibly in an existential sense. Like his train of thought has gone, does it exist, well in a form, their expectations are around a system or planet, but they have no idea what it even is => "You don't know what it is though"

And when you reread ¹ given the above, yes I think he says that in the conventional sense of "does it exist in the game". But if Raxxla does exist only depending on how you define existence, then "Does Raxxla exist?" does become a more interesting question exactly as he says.
Last edited: Jul 17, 2018
Reactions:
Non Grata