Louis Calvert
Dec 14, 2024
#35,544
Zimous said:
From all the interviews and statements we got from FDev, it's more likely that all of this were meant as rumors, something for us players to crave for but never to be found. I don't think they expected players to actually want to find Raxxla ingame, or even join TDW.
I'm going to have to disagree there.

A long time before the game launched people in the backers forums were talking about Raxxla, and a lot of the early speculation about Raxxla and where it would be found was prodded on by those original backer members in those forums and elsewhere - even Brookes replied to some of them, which is where some of the earliest hints come from.

A lot of fans of Elite have been hunting for Raxxla in every game for 40 years (and/or writing fanfic about finding Raxxla, etc.), there's a very long, long long history of Raxxla hunting (and therefore the implication to find it). Fdev absolutely were aware of the fact that a portion of the playerbase would want to finally find Raxxla - presumably that's why they included it at all

Then there's the DJ Truthsayer interview, which is post-launch but it was building on a lot of early-game lore stuff (I believe this was pre-Horizons), and one of the questions Brookes answers there is very famously about the location of Raxxla - and it's clearly stated that it exists and it's clear people are actively looking for it. Again, if Fdev didn't know (somehow) people wanted to find it by then, they would have early on.

Similarly I doubt Fdev would have been blind to the allure of The Dark Wheel, and that's why they made a faction players could interact with. Whether or not that worked as intended we can only speculate.

I do think that Fdev underestimated how many people ultimately would be interested in finding Raxxla, and how many people would find the Dark Wheel alluring.

However, I do agree that in implementing Raxxla in-game Fdev created something that, even when found, wouldn't be the full answer, it would be perhaps a step on the road that hinted at something more.
Reactions:
Cmdr Walt71