Zimous
Dec 14, 2024
#35,545
Louis Calvert said:
I'm going to have to disagree there.

A long time before the game launched people in the backers forums were talking about Raxxla, and a lot of the early speculation about Raxxla and where it would be found was prodded on by those original backer members in those forums and elsewhere - even Brookes replied to some of them, which is where some of the earliest hints come from.

A lot of fans of Elite have been hunting for Raxxla in every game for 40 years (and/or writing fanfic about finding Raxxla, etc.), there's a very long, long long history of Raxxla hunting (and therefore the implication to find it). Fdev absolutely were aware of the fact that a portion of the playerbase would want to finally find Raxxla - presumably that's why they included it at all

Then there's the , which is post-launch but it was building on a lot of early-game lore stuff (I believe this was pre-Horizons), and one of the questions Brookes answers there is very famously about the location of Raxxla - and it's clearly stated that it exists and it's clear people are actively looking for it. Again, if Fdev didn't know (somehow) people wanted to find it by then, they would have early on.

Similarly I doubt Fdev would have been blind to the allure of The Dark Wheel, and that's why they made a faction players could interact with. Whether or not that worked as intended we can only speculate.

I do think that Fdev underestimated how many people ultimately would be interested in finding Raxxla, and how many people would find the Dark Wheel alluring.

However, I do agree that in implementing Raxxla in-game Fdev created something that, even when found, wouldn't be the full answer, it would be perhaps a step on the road that hinted at something more.
Click to expand...
In the end we choose in what we believe. As for Raxxla the answers were always very cryptic, in my opinion the answers of someone who couldn't just outright say that there is no Raxxla in the game, or would otherwise ruin the whole point of spreading such rumors in the first place. But I agree with you, would make no sense for a developer to lead their community to believe in something that they never actually implemented in the game, but if you read Frontier Development's history you will find many questionable decisions.

I'm sure at the beginning they had some plans to implement this in the game eventually, such as plans to add ship interiors and other stuff they never did. And admitting it to the players would just "ruin" the whole Raxxla/TDW myth, not to mention bring forth the wrath of players such as ourselves who spent countless hours looking for something... that doesn't exist. In their view they are better off never discussing it at all, let the players think what they want and take no responsibility or commitment, which is what they have always done regarding this matter.
Reactions:
Rochester