turkwinif
Jun 17, 2020
#17,573
Since we're no closer to finding Raxxla nor The Dark Wheel station as far as I can tell, I'll just drop this experience I had a couple years ago that never led to anything more. I had outfitted an Imperial Courier to specifically collect engineering materials, including wakes. Starting at Jameson Memorial, I scanned the first high wake I saw and took the jump to Nuenets, where I stayed and collected a few more materials from Unidentified Signal Sources. I eventually visited Shriver Hub and began scanning high wakes from there.

Whether I actually saw the NPC name before they jumped and thought it was neat or the fact that they had jumped to an unpopulated system, I followed the high wake to Crucis Sector DB-X b1-6, where when I exited witchspace I was greeted by the NPC "Zila Dawntracker", a Harmless Viper Mk3. I followed them in supercruise for about 20 minutes to the icy planet B 1, at which they low waked near it.

I dropped down into the low wake, and about 30 seconds went by before they high waked again. However, this time I didn't immediately pursue after scanning their wake and was surprisingly introduced to a ship that had just dropped in. A Vulture under the ship name "Raging Confessor", piloted by "Smed", Competent, and of course, apparently a member of The Dark Wheel.
SPOILER
After I had targeted them, Smed had approached close enough to start a scan. I let them finish (according to EDDiscovery was a "crime" scan, not a "cargo" scan), after which they turned away and high waked out. Mind you Smed never said a word, nor was I followed in supercruise while tailing Zila Dawntracker. I also scanned Smed's wake, but in perhaps a lapse of judgement I decided to continue to follow Zila Dawntracker to Bentin and several other systems which led to me eventually losing track of them.

This is one of the strange interactions that has stuck with me, and although I attribute it to "normal" and "expected" NPC behaviors, it was an odd experience in my eyes nevertheless. I did try to recreate the conditions of this interaction 4 more times 2 weeks later, but I had no success. Part of me hopes that if I were triple Elite or were carrying a specific commodity or something else that I would've been given a response by Smed.
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Exekrator, PeteACarter and 5 others