CMDR Davanix
Jun 28, 2022
#26,397
Nezzie Muso said:
hello folks, first time poster, hoping someone can shed some light. I'll tell you what I remember, and what i've found, and maybe you can tell me what really happened. in case it matters, i'm a ps4 player. Last september, I'd been playing the game a month, I accepted my first VIP-explorer mission, and set off into the black with a tiny passenger cabin on a DBx. I think my jump range was about 25ly. My memory tells me that I flew ~6000ly towards Sag A* and passed through two nebulas, the second of which had crystals in lagrange points (notable stellar objects). To begin with I was scanning systems completely, even landing on planets and collecting mats. But as time went on, with hundreds of jumps to go and a time limit for completing the mission, i started skimping. One time, I honked a system and checked my nav panel and there was a symbol i didn't recognise. I think it was a dotted hexagon. It was described as an exploration opportunity in the pop-up. I had a quick check of the noob-guide, but couldn't see it listed. It was something like 300,000ls away, and i didn't have the time or patience to check it out, and carried on jumping. thats it. Some time later, i came across the raxxla entry in the codex, and thought the icon looked like the mystery icon from my nav panel. but by now, i had no record of where i'd been and didn't know how to find it again. i eventually noticed that INARA had a log of my jumps, but it had dropped off the bottom ito the summary for september - 588 systems visited, 15000 ly travelled, that sort of thing. Eventually i discovered galmap could show visited systems - except i couldn't find any systems listed as visited passing through nebulas within 6000ly. in any direction. Recently i figured out how codex discoveries worked, and started plotting my initial codex confirmations from last september - lo and behold, there were a few of the systems i visited, laid out in a very wobbley line towards sag a*. they were shown as unvisited, but if i clicked on them i could access the system map, showing i had indeed been there. but strangely, the line goes nowhere near any nebulas, its slightly to the right of the new colonia bridge. I'm now literally scrolling up and down the galmap clicking on stars to see if i have been there. i've found a few more points on the line. so far, it stretches out from bleia dryiae zj-c c2-3 to pyramoe dc-o c9-26. So, before i spend vastly more time (re?)visiting every system within 20ly of that line, any thoughts at all on what i may have found? because if its something completely normal i'm going to feel like an idiot. on the other hand, if you go there and find raxxla, please invite me along ...
Click to expand...
Set course to visited systems only, sometimes it will plot systems lost in the blue marker list but visited
Reactions:
Nezzie Muso