Darth Ender
D
Dec 14, 2020
#20,027
yelboc said:
I get a bit tired of saying this: Its not true about jump range limiting Raxxla's distance:

(1) Old ships didn't only jump to stars and so could navigate arbitrarily (See the E84 novella where they jump to Rafe's ship)
(2) We get bored of jumping after an hour or two. In the E84 Novella, Jason Ryder was gone for months.
(3) Ship jump range was ~6ly or more depending on model. That's a factor of no more than 10 less than our current best (excluding carriers)
(4) We can get to Sag A* or Beagle in a day or two, so in 10-20 days they could do the same.

the 84 novela is not canon anymore. Nothing written about raxxla is that wasn't written from the authorship program available at the time of elite dangerous' release or appearing later within the game.

edit: and raxxla was known at least by 2296. which happens to also be circa the colonization of the empire home system and shortly after the discovery of the mars artifact earlier that century. Coincidence? At this time, regular people didn't have these first gen hyperspace drives... only the largest corps and governments could afford them. So access to systems was largely limited to very few systems at this time as journeying to them required a lot of investment and only a sparse number of ships capable to make the journey. A direct discovery of raxxla at this time would imply that a major corporation or superpower has knowledge of raxxla ... which I'd buy if the dark wheel didn't exist and not know it's location after searching for so long.

It's very likely that these early documented cases of raxxla being talked about were not due to direct discovery by humans but by finding artifacts making reference to it. It wouldn't be for hundreds of years before regular explorers had access to even the far-away jump system to explore en-masse. And what limits those exploration efforts from being very far from the bubble has to do with the fuel not being scoopable in addition to the lower jump ranges and need for pre-existing navigation beacons. Even if you got off-course, you couldn't just run on no fuel while in hyperspace, it took fuel to travel it and you'd dump out after you ran out of whatever the drives could make use of at a single time.
Last edited: Dec 14, 2020
Reactions:
simulacrae, Dr. Lexus, Rochester and 1 other person