Jorki Rasalas
Dec 15, 2020
#20,033
Darth Ender said:
the 84 novela is not canon anymore. Nothing written about raxxla is that wasn't written from the authorship program available at the time of elite dangerous' release or appearing later within the game.

edit: and raxxla was known at least by 2296. which happens to also be circa the colonization of the empire home system and shortly after the discovery of the mars artifact earlier that century. Coincidence? At this time, regular people didn't have these first gen hyperspace drives... only the largest corps and governments could afford them. So access to systems was largely limited to very few systems at this time as journeying to them required a lot of investment and only a sparse number of ships capable to make the journey. A direct discovery of raxxla at this time would imply that a major corporation or superpower has knowledge of raxxla ... which I'd buy if the dark wheel didn't exist and not know it's location after searching for so long.

It's very likely that these early documented cases of raxxla being talked about were not due to direct discovery by humans but by finding artifacts making reference to it. It wouldn't be for hundreds of years before regular explorers had access to even the far-away jump system to explore en-masse. And what limits those exploration efforts from being very far from the bubble has to do with the fuel not being scoopable in addition to the lower jump ranges and need for pre-existing navigation beacons. Even if you got off-course, you couldn't just run on no fuel while in hyperspace, it took fuel to travel it and you'd dump out after you ran out of whatever the drives could make use of at a single time.
Click to expand...

I’d agree with this. I’ve said it before (and I’ll say it again ) the human bubble would have expanded by periodic targeted leaps to some new destination of significance (found by astronomical observations) with intermediate consolidation by spherical expansion, plus a few random wanderers. Since nobody knew about Raxxla they wouldn’t have made a targeted push towards it (‘cos they didn’t know it existed, what it was or where it was; sounds familiar!). So, the likely reason for an expedition of months to be set up was if they had a destination for Raxxla in mind, which means they needed information on its existence and location. If the Mars Artefact provided this information it would be feasible (but it then could be anywhere), but it is perhaps more likely that it was encountered during spherical expansion and given the time of first rumour (which requires time to spread so Raxxla would have been “found” some time before) puts its location within the radius Sol-Achenar. Since TDW have a “lost” station, and they are interested in Raxxla, then its location might be significant-where could that station be? Constructing stations is expensive and they’re unlikely to be abandoned lightly. My hypothesis that it’s near Achenar is still valid (did some searching, didn’t find it, though it may not be instanced until you get the invitation)- that station would have been needed as a resupply base by the Fed Navy in the Federation war with Achenar, which the Feds lost because of the long supply chain logistical problems (stated in a tourist beacon), it would have been abandoned and forgotten by both sides.

I think if Raxxla had been found by a lone wanderer we would either know nothing at all or have more information about it. People can’t keep a secret.

So one hypothesis is that Raxxla (or some find mentioning it, but none has been reported) is near Achenar. The alternative hypothesis, that it was mentioned in the Mars Artefact, must be considered. For this the message it carried would have to be decoded (feasible, Ram Tah did it for Guardian messages) but it may not indicate the location of Raxxla, just the name. If the information conveyed was about existence of alien lifeforms and their visiting Sol in the past it likely would have been kept secret by the Fed authorities. It does not help us in the search, but then we should consider how that artefact got to Mars. Some alien carried it there where it was lost or deliberately left. This perhaps ties in with Ram Tah’s decodes regarding Guardian hunting practices and prey species. Nothing we know about Thargoids suggests they would have left an Artefact on the surface of Mars, nor any writing that could mention Raxxla. So I think the Mars Artefact is Guardian and its presence on Mars means they visited Sol for some reason, possibly hunting, but it is also possible they were seeding planets with life, either for hunting or in order to survive (in some way) the Thargoid onslaught. Why would they leave an artefact behind that mentioned Raxxla? (Hi there remote descendents! We’re Guardians from Raxxla and have seeded life in this star system” or "This is Raxxla's hunting ground, hands off!"?). We have the name so it must have been mentioned. Why would Guardians visit Sol when their nearest site is several hundred light years away? It is possible that Raxxla is one of their arkships (this is, to my mind, the most likely) that left carrying the Guardian exiles; perhaps it is in the vicinity of Sol and yet to be found, or it has been found by the Feds and permit-locked (Triton or Luna?).
Last edited: Dec 15, 2020
Reactions:
Fiera, Dr. Lexus and Hanerib