yelboc
Dec 15, 2020
#20,032
Darth Ender said:
the 84 novela is not canon anymore. Nothing written about raxxla is that wasn't written from the authorship program available at the time of elite dangerous' release or appearing later within the game.

edit: and raxxla was known at least by 2296. which happens to also be circa the colonization of the empire home system and shortly after the discovery of the mars artifact earlier that century. Coincidence? At this time, regular people didn't have these first gen hyperspace drives... only the largest corps and governments could afford them. So access to systems was largely limited to very few systems at this time as journeying to them required a lot of investment and only a sparse number of ships capable to make the journey. A direct discovery of raxxla at this time would imply that a major corporation or superpower has knowledge of raxxla ... which I'd buy if the dark wheel didn't exist and not know it's location after searching for so long.

It's very likely that these early documented cases of raxxla being talked about were not due to direct discovery by humans but by finding artifacts making reference to it. It wouldn't be for hundreds of years before regular explorers had access to even the far-away jump system to explore en-masse. And what limits those exploration efforts from being very far from the bubble has to do with the fuel not being scoopable in addition to the lower jump ranges and need for pre-existing navigation beacons. Even if you got off-course, you couldn't just run on no fuel while in hyperspace, it took fuel to travel it and you'd dump out after you ran out of whatever the drives could make use of at a single time.
Click to expand...

I agree about the early attestations. Mankind may have had knowledge of Raxxla but never set eyes on the real thing. Even in the E84 novella, there was only 'Evidence of the real existence of Raxxla' so even he hadnt 'seen' it.

But saying 'it must be in the bubble' is still not founded on fact - a mere assumption. It partly assumes it was found along time ago - there's no evidence for this in canon or non canon info. It also underestimates the persistence of explorers like this guy who took a stock sidey to sag a* in 3 weeks:

Stock Sidewinder to Sagittarius A expedition.
Greeting fellow CMDR's! :cool: I have decided to journey to Sagittarius A in a stock Sidewinder! I will leave the core internal stock E-rated, but optional internal is with A-rated fuel scoop, 3x AFMU and no weapons. But why am I doing this? Simply because I can! This isn't however my first...
forums.frontier.co.uk

In previous lore ( up to you if you admit it as canon) fuel scooping was from gas giants as well as stars which helps long distance navigation.

So Raxxla close to Sol - I dont see any evidence for that claim.
Last edited: Dec 15, 2020
Reactions:
Fiera, Dr. Lexus, Rochester and 2 others