Darth Ender
D
Dec 15, 2020
#20,039
Jorki Rasalas said:
I’d agree with this. I’ve said it before (and I’ll say it again ) the human bubble would have expanded by periodic targeted leaps to some new destination of significance (found by astronomical observations) with intermediate consolidation by spherical expansion, plus a few random wanderers. Since nobody knew about Raxxla they wouldn’t have made a targeted push towards it (‘cos they didn’t know it existed, what it was or where it was; sounds familiar!). So, the likely reason for an expedition of months to be set up was if they had a destination for Raxxla in mind, which means they needed information on its existence and location. If the Mars Artefact provided this information it would be feasible (but it then could be anywhere), but it is perhaps more likely that it was encountered during spherical expansion and given the time of first rumour (which requires time to spread so Raxxla would have been “found” some time before) puts its location within the radius Sol-Achenar. Since TDW have a “lost” station, and they are interested in Raxxla, then its location might be significant-where could that station be? Constructing stations is expensive and they’re unlikely to be abandoned lightly. My hypothesis that it’s near Achenar is still valid (did some searching, didn’t find it, though it may not be instanced until you get the invitation)- that station would have been needed as a resupply base by the Fed Navy in the Federation war with Achenar, which the Feds lost because of the long supply chain logistical problems (stated in a tourist beacon), it would have been abandoned and forgotten by both sides.

I think if Raxxla had been found by a lone wanderer we would either know nothing at all or have more information about it. People can’t keep a secret.

So one hypothesis is that Raxxla (or some find mentioning it, but none has been reported) is near Achenar. The alternative hypothesis, that it was mentioned in the Mars Artefact, must be considered. For this the message it carried would have to be decoded (feasible, Ram Tah did it for Guardian messages) but it may not indicate the of Raxxla, just the name. If the information conveyed was about existence of alien lifeforms and their visiting Sol in the past it likely would have been kept secret by the Fed authorities. It does not help us in the search, but then we should consider how that artefact got to Mars. Some alien carried it there where it was lost or deliberately left. This ties in with Ram Tah’s decodes regarding Guardian hunting practices and prey species. Nothing we know about Thargoids suggests they would have left an Artefact on the surface of Mars, nor any writing that could mention Raxxla. So I think the Mars Artefact is Guardian and its presence on Mars means they visited Sol for some reason, possibly hunting, but it is also possible they were seeding planets with life, either for hunting or in order to survive (in some way) the Thargoid onslaught. Why would they leave an artefact behind that mentioned Raxxla? ( or "!"?). We have the name so it must have been mentioned. Why would Guardians visit Sol when their nearest site is several hundred light years away? It is possible that Raxxla is one of their arkships (this is, to my mind, the most likely) that left carrying the Guardian exiles; perhaps it is in the vicinity of Sol and yet to be found, or it has been found by the Feds and permit-locked (Triton or Luna?).
Click to expand...


Guardians were taken out by the AI race. Not thargoids, of which they seemed to be less at risk of being destroyed by than we currently are. If they were running from someone or putting out a backup plan for survival, it would be against the AI. Which sounds a bit futile, plus it happened very quickly with little time to respond. The AI race wouldn't have allowed any living guardians to survive. Granted, the mars artifact could have been planted long before their end and even before the ai race was created.

Perhaps raxxla is an AI race station or jump gate. Their technology would have advanced well beyond what it was millions of years ago when they took out the guardians and since their primary goal was wiping out the thargoid threat, it would appear that they are no longer in the galaxy or have other priorities now. Survival of the fittest and all and see who can figure out the way to reach their current location and join them on their journey to infinite.

I think early human explorers got hints from things they found about raxxla. It also stands to reason that these hints didn't provide a location or that location would be in the hands of super powers and/or mega corps. It would really make more sense if nobody has ever found raxxla. We have no evidence of advanced technology suddenly being made available.

The biggest plot hole we have in the elite universe is the permit system. How are these permits enforced? Who controls them? How have they not been fragmented by opposing super powers? Who has declared that entire sectors be off limits? Why? They really dont make much sense at all lore-wise.

But if they did have a lore reason, that organization would seem to wield incredible power. Controlling which systems 99.9999% of the human race can access. Really i dont know how such an organization can exist within the elite universe. The only thing that would make sense is that they are leveraging something over any power or company that would wish to take that control away from them. And what could that be other than something as awesome as raxxla?
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus and [PS4] Filthymick420