Darth Ender
D
Dec 14, 2020
#20,025
Filthymick420 said:
Discoverable isn't the same as accessable. You can discover a gas giant or a water world but thats where it ends. It's never been stated that you could interact with it in any way. Also DW has said countless times that he doesn't know any more about Raxxla than the rest of us. Until that is stated specifically by fdev(which I'm sure it won't be) it's cunjecture and specultation.

you dont need to interact with it to find it. We're on a thread about finding it. To find it, you wouldn't need anything that didn't exist in the game since the time of gamma. Anything requiring features that didn't exist at the time of gamma in order to discover raxxla would prohibit that statement from being true. The game at that time was just flying around in space and what you could see from flying around in space. In other words, leveraging new features aren't going to help in finding raxxla unless those new features impact how you interact with what was available in the game at launch such as alter what shows up on sensors while in supercruise or what shows up on scans in the galaxy/system map.

Now, if Fdev put raxxla in a permit blocked system, that's unknown. But if it is discovered that this is indeed the case, I think the backlash of bad publicity regarding implying that players can find it by keeping it's location secret but saying it's definitely in the game would be pretty bad. that wouldn't serve them any good to do that because these permit blocked systems (where there is no way to acquire the permit) are effectively removed from the game.

Permit blocking is the only way they could have put it in the game, but prohibited players from discovering it definitively unless we allow that fdev is lying.

Since there is a number of items of lore that haven't been retconned about it, we know it can't be in a system too far from other systems due to jump range at the time (plus the jump range in the game at release), and we know it's likely not far from the bubble since old jump tech still in lore was used at the time of it's name entering the lexicon.

The other option is that raxxla moves. So it could have been near the bubble in the past, but now isn't.

Given the lack of discovery around the bubble thus far, I'm still hedging my bets on raxxla being a ship inside a roid field. or raxxla moves periodically between certain locations. Or raxxla is hiding via a specific action or specific starting system and destination system and trying to jump. The latter option being especially devious.
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus and [PS4] Filthymick420