Thatchinho
Jan 17, 2019
#5,216
ironshirt said:
The word "dumm" seems a bit harsh ... man is a creature of habit. If you really haven't spoken german for many years (except the occasional "Herr Doctor Professor" [haha]), it is no suprise that you forgot things. I actually understood what you were saying, so it isn't that bad and I guess you would still survive here in germany [big grin]
To be honest, up until today I really thought you were a german, due to the "Doctor Professor" you keep saying to Han Zen.

To answer your question - no, I don't know which corporation this vice president is of. But Sirius was also the first one which came to my mind.
And shame on me, but I don't know who Mr. Orange is [noob].
I got two other messages from Tip Offs, which also referred to corporation data.
One is about a person who is trying to escape said corporation. He/she is already really tired from jumping from system to system.
The second one is about a person who found out what the CEO of the corporation is planning. "Embezzlement is a dirty word".
He/she talked to the CEO and was suprised that said CEO was nearly amused and invited him/her to his villa.

Haven't much time left to translate, so here is the link to the album:


So the Tip Offs seem to me all refer to one and the same corporation... maybe really Sirius. Perhaps in the end they lead to the Polaris permit, how knows?
I will keep investigating this, if I find the time.... because yesterday I experienced an even more mysterious thing, which I'm not ready to talk about in detail, yet. Simply running out of time.
This is more important for me to survey. It has nothing to do with Tip Offs, but with an alternative mission I took, which finally led me to a mysterious meeting at a nav beacon at Shinrarta Dezhra A1. (with kind of a ship graveyard - see picture in imgur album).
Maybe it is just a standard alternative mission (never took one before, so I can't judge this), or maybe there is more to it and I messed up the personal journey afterwards.
Currently I'm trying to repeat the scenario. I'm also wondering if it is possible to find locker BRY-861 (from pilot's log) .... or maybe this is kind of a code? Maybe for Bryagh's Nest or similar? Or is it just fluff?




I don't think that you will stop, but I'm afraid you could
It is just another instance of "German Angst" I guess - the fear of loss in this case [haha]
Click to expand...
Hmm... the Tip Off stuff you’re talking about there all has a certain whiff about it...

Any mentions of new hyperdrive tech in amongst it all? Wake concealment, maybe?