Han_Zen
Apr 13, 2022
#25,949
Jorki Rasalas said:
I dont think you are reading what I actually wrote. There are two separate issues under discussion here

1) Assessment of evidence
IRL things are not black or white. Lying is a conscious action to deceive, but there are many possible reasons for someone to say something which is wholly or partially incorrect. Hence any statement must be considered dispassionately as evidence, with a level of uncertainty into its veracity and a separate level of confidence in that assessment. Belief and confidence are two essential and separate factors to consider when considering evidence.

I wrote that I believe Ascorbius’ report to likely be true. The reason for my belief is that IMHO it is consistent with the way MB gave out “clues”. The fact that there are no substantiating reports to back it up just means that Ascorbius’ report must carry moderate/medium confidence when considered as a piece of evidence. I do not personally know the guy, or watch his streams, to be able assess his character or reliability as a witness. So my belief in the veracity of what he reported is 95%, but my confidence in that assessment is 50%.

His report is hearsay, because it is Ascorbius saying what MB (allegedly) said about the in-game actions relating to an unknown pilot.

Does my belief that Ascorbius’ report is likely to be correct mean that MB’s statement is correct or meaningful? No, it is hearsay. I cannot question MB to determine if that is actually what he said, or if that is what he to say (the two are not necessarily the same thing).

Here’s an interesting discussion on confidence and evidence



And if we assume that Ascorbius is correct about what MB said, and if we assume that is what MB meant to say, does it help us in the Quest for Raxxla? No, because the statement is logically flawed, as I’ve previously stated and is the crux of the matter. It does not tell us whether the system at the time was permit locked or not . It does not tell us whether or not the system is now permit locked. It does not tell us whether the system is/was populated, whether it is in the bubble or at the extremities of the galaxy. Moreover it does not tell us why Raxxla was not detected when the pilot honked the system, nor what Raxxla is. So in practice it is totally unhelpful.
Click to expand...
If the statement is true and accurate, it tells us a few things.

1. Raxxla is in a dull system that normally wouldn't be worth scanning.
2. Regular scanning will not reveal Raxxla. If the System was visited that many years ago it has been scanned a hundred times, by ow.
3. Raxxla is probably close to or inn the bubble. Even though many far systems had been visited at the time, the percentage chance of hitting a specific random, far out system was very low.