Thatchinho
Apr 13, 2022
#25,957
Jorki Rasalas said:
Mmm, Not sure I understand your point. Maybe I’m being obtuse. The codex contains plenty of stuff that is low confidence, for example the codex phrasing itself throws doubt over Lyta Crane’s veracity.

Are you saying Raxxla may be sheer myth, like El Dorado, Atlantis & Kingdom of Prester John? Those legends were founded on something: El Dorado was supposedly based on oral tradition of the Aztec annual ritual of the king being covered in gold dust and jumping into Lake Titicaca, while Atlantis was probably based on a much later interpretation by Plato based on the volcanic demise of Santorini island. If you’re saying that the location does not have to have been found to start the myth, then I’d possibly agree, based on what Raxxla actually is. To start the myth it would have to have been observed somehow, some trace evidence of it perceived by someone.

The rumour first date is just the oldest document that has been found that mentions it, the myth may be much older but no document on it has been found.

From DB and MB statements we know that its definitely non-random in-game and not just text. And we infer it is alien from Drew’s (or Allen’s?) comment about the alien lore document. This phrasing of “Raxxla is ”, and we “” suggests to me it is not a planet or station. It might be a Guardian ark ship, disguised as an asteroid, which might have been found but the discoverer died (after telling someone else about the existence of something strange but not its location nor details). It might be a Guardian AI that is influencing Pilots Federation activities (more of a rather than a and someone within the PF found out about this...

It comes down to different aspects of a story’s foundation: who, what, where, why, how

Perhaps we should ask the question of FD whether the visual artefact observed in many system maps is Raxxla? I think it was Han_Zen who pointed it out, & I remember he & I spent some time trying to track it down to a specific system, without success-in the end & we concluded it was some sort of shader/coding bug. I’d be really disappointed if that was Raxxla!
Click to expand...
Yeah, I’m saying that the ‘Raxxla rumour exists at X date, therefore Raxxla was found before then’ logic is not necessarily correct, and that that is an implication of the El Dorado, etc references in the Codex.

The references also suggest that the legends about Raxxla may be massive distortions of something else. (Which ties back to what you were saying in your 2nd and 4th paragraphs.)

A mild aside, but I think the origins of the word (in-game) are interesting to speculate on in this context.

Other potential origins other than the ones you’ve already mentioned:
Visions (Halsey / Gan Romero esque)
Mars relic or other discovered Alien Tech or Artefacts
Direct from Mudlarks or other alien species
Messages of unknown origin (like the one from the Thetis)
That’s putting aside any complications around hyperspace travel, such as time travel

Also worth considering that the rumours may not have started with a human. They may have come from an automated vessel, and/or an AI.
Reactions:
Adel, Han_Zen and Jorki Rasalas