Jorki Rasalas
Apr 13, 2022
#25,953
Han_Zen said:
If the statement is true and accurate, it tells us a few things.

1. Raxxla is in a dull system that normally wouldn't be worth scanning.
2. Regular scanning will not reveal Raxxla. If the System was visited that many years ago it has been scanned a hundred times, by ow.
3. Raxxla is probably close to or inn the bubble. Even though many far systems had been visited at the time, the percentage chance of hitting a specific random, far out system was very low.
Hey, welcome back stranger! Been on holiday?

Mmm, no, I think to an extent I disagree with you on this.
1. The system was apparently honked by the pilot before he jumped out, so to an extent it was worth scanning. But the scanner may have been Basic or Intermediate, so not necessarily scanned everything, & the pilot may have been in a hurry to get somewhere so scanning this system was low priority (honk & scoot). It’s also possible the scanner was Advanced and the whole system was scanned, but for some unknown reason Raxxla wasnt detected. This latter is, I think, the most likely since MB said of Raxxla: “it‘s something in the game world (not text) and very hard to find”, “it’s not a random thing” & “anyone can find it and more than once”.

2. This depends on where the system is located. If it’s in the bubble then what you say is likely, although possibly less likely for LYT systems. But the system could be anywhere in the galaxy, & if at the extremities then that would negate your suggestion.

3. But then the probability of randomly jumping into the Raxxla system is not zero, only small. So it could have happened (I have only just stopped buying the Euromillions lottery ticket, and we know how improbable winning that is! ).

So I say again, the alleged statement by MB is useless as a clue, but good marketing!

It is only when you start to think about this at the meta level, of how authors construct plots (MB is an author) and present (obfuscate) clues, & in DB’s sense of humour, and the contextual background, that I think the weight moves towards Raxxla being in the bubble.

The first rumour date is just before Achenar, 139 ly from Sol, was colonised. Why would FD give us that piece of information? It might be meaningless window dressing (we’ve had a lot of that from FD in the past), it might be obfuscation (Raxxla might be in deep space with the system visited by an early explorer, though I think less likely if he was honk & scooting since this implies he was on his way somewhere), or it might be a genuine clue that Raxxla is within the bubble. We have no evidence to support any of these so probability is about 30% for each. But I think about DB chortling “but you don’t know what it is” and the fact that MB has (likely) given out that (alleged) statement in a closed Q&A session, which raises the community interest level...it suggests to me and I just lean towards it being in the bubble; and possibly even within a highly popular system such as Sol. I can imagine DB’s grin when it’s found and him saying “it’s been there all this time”.
Last edited: Jan 24, 2023