Jorki Rasalas
Apr 13, 2022
#25,956
Thatchinho said:
Just going to point out that the date is from the Codex, and what the Codex does is also compare Raxxla to El Dorado, Atlantis, and the Kingdom of Prester John. All of those are places where the legends weren’t based on the places being found. I don’t think we can just discard that hint while treating other Codex things as clues.
Mmm, Not sure I understand your point. Maybe I’m being obtuse (disturbed night, restless dog...). The codex contains plenty of stuff that is low confidence, for example the codex phrasing itself throws doubt over Lyta Crane’s veracity.

Are you saying Raxxla may be sheer myth, like El Dorado, Atlantis & Kingdom of Prester John? Those legends were founded on something: El Dorado was supposedly based on oral tradition of the Aztec annual ritual of the king being covered in gold dust and jumping into Lake Titicaca, while Atlantis was probably based on a much later interpretation by Plato of oral tradition based on the volcanic demise of Minoan civilisation & Santorini island. If you’re saying that the location does not have to have been found to start the myth, then I’d possibly agree, based on what Raxxla actually is. To start the myth it would have to have been observed somehow, some trace evidence of it perceived by someone.

The rumour first date is just the oldest document that has been found that mentions it, the myth may be much older but no document on it has been found. So I hyoothesise that the location (if in the bubble) is nearer to Sol than Achenar.

From DB and MB statements we know that its definitely something non-random in-game and not just text. And we infer it is alien from Drew’s (or Allen’s?) comment about the alien lore document. This phrasing of “Raxxla is something else”, and we “don’t know what it is” suggests to me it is not a straightforward planet or station. It might be a Guardian ark ship, disguised as an asteroid, which might have been found but the discoverer died (after telling someone else about the existence of something strange but not its location nor details). It might be a Guardian AI that is influencing Pilots Federation activities (more of a who rather than a what) and someone within the PF found out about this...

It comes down to different aspects of a story’s foundation: who, what, where, why, how

Perhaps we should ask the question of FD whether the visual artefact observed in many system maps is Raxxla? I think it was Han_Zen who pointed it out, & I remember he & I spent some time trying to track it down to a specific system, without success-in the end & we concluded it was some sort of shader/coding bug. I’d be really disappointed if that was Raxxla!
Last edited: Apr 13, 2022