Jorki Rasalas
Apr 13, 2022
#25,959
Emperor said:
Thought I

Jorki what was the question you asked him? I watched the video to refresh my memory and the only claim he actually mentions is the system has been visited... The honking and going or even scooping and leaving were suggestions...
My question to Ascorbius was
“
Hi Cmdr
I watched your stream where you reported that Michael Brookes said the system where Raxxla is located had been visited and honked but Raxxla was not detected and want to check the date. It seems to be commonly accepted that this was in a closed Q&A session at Lavecon 2017, but I didn’t hear you mention the date during the stream. Can you please confirm it was 2017, or was it perhaps 2016, or maybe even 2015?
Regards
Jorki
”

Mm, you are correct, on the twitch stream clip from the first page of this thread https://m.twitch.tv/clip/SnappyScaryMousePupper he just says the system where Raxxla is has been visited. Dont know at present where the “system was honked but Raxxla wasnt detected” came from (edit: perhaps the full stream?). However, as I keep saying none of it is useful. Unless you can get the list of systems visited before Lavecon2017 and check them all!

From my FDev quotes thread in the Grinning_Crow interview with Arthur Tomlie: www.twitch.tv/videos/994802546, at 1:49:44 GC mentioned the long standing rumour that an FD representative had said the Raxxla system had been entered & honked but Raxxla was not discovered.

Edit: mmm, cant access that grinning crow interview now!

Mmmmm, and I know I had a somewhat terse conversation with someone on the Great Potato Hunt thread about this and now cant find any mention...My bad, it was on the thread that started a drive to expand TDW towards Sol...this one! https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/turning-the-wheel.546088/

However searching my own posts in this thread I mentioned a youtube (edit: in hindsight it might have been the full twitch) by Ascorbious with the full wording and I would have checked that out, unfortunately I cant now find that either!
Last edited: Apr 13, 2022