Rochester
Apr 12, 2022
#25,946
As I iterated, the statement is a first person account, it’s known directly to the source. However it’s unreliable because no one else has gone on record here to corroborated it, or the sources reliability cannot be judged with certainty, due to experience eg has he provided similar information in the past which was reliable, have they reliable traits etc which one can use to re-assess the source as reliable?

This is not a polemic truism, rather a grading system, the higher the score the more reliable the information becomes, if it becomes key information it then can be analysed against other information to produce an assessment, until then it’s an assumption.

Does it potentially reveal something?
Yes that at that point in time it was accessible. Being accessible (unless altered or bugged) means it was not a narrative element and could be found in game using normal methods.

Technically at no point do FD confirm Raxxla is accessible. Only that it’s in game.

@David Braben himself used the galaxy map to describe something as being ‘in game and accessible’ when that element was technically not.

Source: https://youtu.be/7HOUQN_qaHI


It’s a pedantic point of view but, it’s glaring absence makes me very suspicious of FD motives, they did change things…after this point in time.

Does this statement have a relationship; does it directly or indirectly identify some error, bug or something about the development? That’s subjective, and not my primary objective, rather to obtain evidence Raxxla can be found now, as there remains an equal probability it could be narrative, in which case such efforts are mute.

Unless there was some specific temporal event which helps further identify it, or the FD employee said something else which helps identify a location; it really doesn’t help us locate Raxxla.

If we can identify the exact date of the statement and we can ‘assume’ it occurred within the bubble (unless FD changed it) then it ought to be within the sphere of influence, identified later by the Codex (Tau Ceti date).

Not everyone submitted data to the mapping project shown below but it can help identify a heat spot of activity if the above is true… or identify locations not explored…

Context is vitally important as it may help identify something or sharpen our perspective against nostalgia.

The statement came out prior to the Codex so if true it may only inform of data we now know (the sphere of influence) so technically at most it could be supportive evidence, it may not identify anything directly, nor nefarious, but it could be used to back up questions aimed at FD relatively.

But if we can have corroboration we can all accept the account as correct. Until then it has to be ignored as an intelligence gap, let we muddy the waters with our biases.
Source: https://youtu.be/fwisMkVJ_Fk
Last edited: Apr 13, 2022
Reactions:
Adel