Jorki Rasalas
Apr 12, 2022
#25,942
Emperor said:
You could argue you can reduce the search parameters/hypothesis? (Which has been mentioned here many times, and which are as valid as any other thought on the subject outside of DB and MB! - I think this causes some issues with people accepting it might actually be a lead as the implications might mean it no longer fits in with their thoughts? )

If you consider the evidence worth considering then you could :
Reduce the possible systems to one's visited and scanned before Lavecon 2017?
That assuming nothing has changed you could find the system in question with the functionality available at the time?
That it might not appear in the navigation panel, etc because of a honk?
How did FD know they had honked and left? - first to visit and sell the data? 1st level scan only?
Assume "one person" had been through the system honked and left, which suggests it's a not well visited system at the time & most likely uninhabited if near the bubble? - So Sol, Shin Rez, Old worlds, etc less likely?
Likely to have been an explorer if they were the first in the system and uninhabited.... if so perhaps a boring looking system of little value in terms of exploration data?

“.” - Sherlock Homes”



And small correction on hearsay/alleged rumour from the link you supplied

"For example, to prove that Tom was in town, a witness testifies, "Susan told me that Tom was in town." Because the witness's evidence relies on an out-of-court statement that Susan made, if Susan is unavailable for , the answer is hearsay."

You only need David for cross-examination if someone else other than Ascorbius made the claim.. he claimed he heard it and was present in the room at the time it was said... not that someone else told him it happened...There is no "Susan" as in the example above in the account just an "eye witness" (Ascorbius) as they would be called in Law

"Noun
( )
Click to expand...

I dont know on what grounds you could reduce the search parameters. As far as I know it is not possible to get hold of the system data reported (I presume to EDSM, since we cannot access UC data from FD) before Lavecon17. Happy to be corrected if anyone knows of a way.

As for FD knowing the system had been visited, presumably they have a tell in that system; maybe it was permit-locked and they can read what permits have been granted (must be able to do this as they can tell if you become triple elite), or they knew through UC data sales. I’d bet they know when Raxxla is found!!

No, I think you’re falling into a logic trap- that "one person had been through the system honked and left” does not mean that it is uninhabited, or unexplored. It could be that two, a hundred, or several thousands of pilots had visited the system but not noticed Raxxla. MB is very careful and adept at choosing his phrasing!

I think this is the trap that people are falling into, and why this rumour keeps resurfacing. But if you look carefully at the logic there is no useful information in it.

No, I think I’m right about the evidential assessment. Ascorbius says he heard MB say this statement. I think that is hearsay. We cannot cross examine MB, the (alleged) source of the statement to determine if that statement is true. The question is not whether or not Ascorbius heard the statement; the question is whether a pilot had visited the system and honked but did not (for whatever reason) notice the presence of something we know as Raxxla.

But as I reiterate, the statement tells us nothing useful!!