Rochester
Jul 28, 2024
#34,547
GURU-951 said:
I'm surprised 17 Draconis hasn't be spoken of much in relation to both Paradise and Limbo. Is there a reason why it's not lining up with your research? Not too long ago I did a revisit to all of the old settlement sites below and near 17 Draconis and Polaris (given they're rather close to one another) and felt that collectively, the sites appeared to suggest a certain narrative about some sort of plant being used to create super soldier killers, among other things. 17 Draconis' white dwarf remains 1 of maybe 3 in total white dwarfs, along with Sirius B, that gives you messages about your frame shift being charged, as if you're traveling through the cone, even when very very far away from the star itself, in the case of 17 Draconis, being well over 100K Ls from the star and receiving the message.

"The Order are a secret society obsessed with seeking out the mystery of Raxxla. They are violently dedicated to eradicating all alien life from the Milky Way to ensure human safety, hindering all progress into alien research other than our own, and seeking out all secrets in the universe. They are known to operate through infiltration and deceit to gather intelligence for our own gain." -Aware that they're listed as a PMF, but they sure were given a lot of attention by the Devs in the crafting of this system.

I'm assuming it's because we've explored 17 Draconis, and it seems to be a dead end.
Click to expand...
I think 17 Draconis etc are plausible candidates, in my opinion possibly a little too obvious, but nevertheless they fit the overarching concerns, however I have numerous reasons I haven’t given it much attention, or which I feel cast some doubt.

One: in relation to everything else discussed so far, spatially its location is too far removed from the hypothetical Miltonian model. It simply does not seem to currently fit?

Two: Paradiso and Limbo are not Miltonian concepts but fall within the canon of Dante’s Comedy.

The two works although sharing many common themes operate within different universes. Dante’s is based within the spheres, it ultimately is Earth bound, involving a mountain caused by Satans fall, at its top paradise and the roof of the spheres, then heaven, far below it Hell, the protagonist uses the terraces of the mountain to scale it, whereas in Milton’s work he extended his universe, to place hell outside of the spheres and into the larger cosmos which contained Heaven.

The path to Paradise in Milton’s work was through the vantage point of Satan who flies through Chaos, and thematically his fall predates the birth of Paradise, and Milton introduces the concept of a road to Hell, in many instances he seems more interested in paradises cosmology.

Contradictory there would seem to be other potential references in game which might support this construct for Dante but their locations don’t marry, for instance the rivers of the underworld!

In the Comedy they originated form Mount Ida, and flow down in a circle into Hell, but one river is higher up at the top of the mountain. In Milton, these rivers only exist in Hell and encircle it within a domed land separated by the void of Chaos. In Milton’s work the rivers do not connect to Earth.

So in my opinion the two concepts are diametrically opposed. If they were to exist in game technically one ought to reside inside the other. Or one ought to see certain obvious geological features represented accurately. That spatially doesn’t seem to correlate.

Three: it has a player controlled faction? Bit too obvious!

Four: from my interpretation of tthe Codex it would seem to advocate a specific location below the bubble, the system 17 Draconis, is too far removed and there would not seem to be any Codex text to directly identify such a wide distance.

Five: it is relatively far too close to Polaris, a system acknowledged by FD to be outside the reach of players, due to a non accessible permit. This ultimately advocates this area is a ‘narrative gate’.

If this were the true goal then logically it identifies a possible downside to the quest, in that it reinforces the story is narrative, in turn re-introducing the known modus operandi of FD, who very likely will only unlock it when they deem fit, and probably would be resolved in a matter of days.

Therefore on that logic I have not entertained it.

The image below shows the position of the system 17 Draconis in relation to the hypothetical area of the Empyrean, based off my findings.

For it to be even considered relative there ought to be similar numerous examples of systems between these that denote some commonality in naming such as for ‘heaven’ etc. or some obvious references to Dante’s poem, of the mountain of paradise, the seven terraces etc….?

I am not ruling it out, just advocating the rule of probability based upon the evidence identified to date, namely the evident gap between it and an evident fulcrum.

It does however introduce the plausible theory involving mountains.

Within this quest there would seem to various tenuous references to mountains, in one respect Dante’s Comedy presents a good candidate for a path to Raxxla.

I hope 17 Draconis is not indicative of this as I’ve pointed out, as in my opinion I feel it’s too obvious and advocates a narrative conclusion.

However, Dante’s mountain might still exist in game… it’s worth considering as there are potential indicators, and it would seem the in game author has mixed and unified a number of mythologies so why not this one!

Last edited: Aug 19, 2024
Reactions:
GURU-951