GURU-951
Jul 27, 2024
#34,544
Rochester said:
Limbo from Paradise Lost was I interpret not in hell. The passage you reference alludes I ascribe to the period where the fallen angels populating hell, here they do not simply roll around in pain, their punishment is essentially to dwell in ignorance and out of gods grace. They fill their time in folly, disillusion and vain discord. They perform the same duties as if they were still in heaven, including singing, which in hell although relatively beautiful is not as it was so in heaven, but like everything else a selfish perversion. Hell is thus described as a perverted version of heaven.

Limbo is I interpret might be an area of Chaos, very close or encircling part of the pendant globe, which Milton calls the paradise of fools. Its location is not specified I don’t believe, but some interpret it to be close to where Satan first set foot on the crystalline sphere, this might relate then to its equator?

Technically this is where the logic of the Milton’s spheres get weird because from my interpretation he intentionally mixed his metaphors, small can be large and visa versa. Satan can change his size and in his true form, like all archangels is actually cosmological in itself. Milton also does give measurements for the distances between hell and heaven but likewise some also interpret these to describe the size of the crystalline sphere which is relatively large, yet in contradiction to earlier passages relatively tiny… so which is it in game, if it is replicated accurately?

I believe the zone of the underworld, chaos and Empyrean are laid out relatively. But Raxxla probably is replicated as a body within a star system.

I think this is where the garden design comes into play and that system design somehow symbolises the inside of the crystalline sphere - outside, it’s a standard system. Limbo likewise if you follow this logic ought to be another system, but relatively close by. But I believe the in game author might be mixing and abstracting metaphors so this might be where the model breaks down, I don’t fully believe everything is replicated, this ultimately is a rather abstract model?
Click to expand...
I'm surprised 17 Draconis hasn't be spoken of much in relation to both Paradise and Limbo. Is there a reason why it's not lining up with your research? Not too long ago I did a revisit to all of the old settlement sites below and near 17 Draconis and Polaris (given they're rather close to one another) and felt that collectively, the sites appeared to suggest a certain narrative about some sort of plant being used to create super soldier killers, among other things. 17 Draconis' white dwarf remains 1 of maybe 3 in total white dwarfs, along with Sirius B, that gives you messages about your frame shift being charged, as if you're traveling through the cone, even when very very far away from the star itself, in the case of 17 Draconis, being well over 100K Ls from the star and receiving the message.

"The Order are a secret society obsessed with seeking out the mystery of Raxxla. They are violently dedicated to eradicating all alien life from the Milky Way to ensure human safety, hindering all progress into alien research other than our own, and seeking out all secrets in the universe. They are known to operate through infiltration and deceit to gather intelligence for our own gain." -Aware that they're listed as a PMF, but they sure were given a lot of attention by the Devs in the crafting of this system.

I'm assuming it's because we've explored 17 Draconis, and it seems to be a dead end.
Last edited: Jul 28, 2024
Reactions:
Cmdr Walt71, Rochester, Han_Zen and 1 other person