Rochester
Jul 27, 2024
#34,543
selbie said:
This might explain how I came to the idea of our galaxy being akin to Hell. Hell is only hell from the perspective of the Empyrean. To cosmic beings like Chaos and Night, Hell was just another friendly neighbour imposed on them by that pesky "God" guy. What a jerk!
To the ancient Greeks, the Underworld was more like a place concealed 'under' our reality and thus mortals couldn't interact with it directly. Once you were sent there, its guardians made sure there was no escape.


I agree, and ultimately something needs to exist in the game for us to follow. You've built evidence of a cosmological model so far, and so it begs the question which interpretation can reveal a logical path?
The Brookes Tour beacon does directly point us specifically to Book 2, so maybe that is how MB also constrained the search?

In Paradise Lost Book 2, when the fallen spread out to explore Hell and observe its aspects, Milton describes Limbo from line 557:






From the perspective of Hell's inhabitants, Paradise exists within Hell. So could this help explain why the Lost World systems are present within the Underworld Zone and not 'below' the Empyrean? Limbo was basically a punishment for pagan beliefs before Christianity, so in the context of the system naming this conveniently facilitates incorporation of the other mythologies, and thus obfuscating it enough to be a challenge.

Also in the preceding lines at 545, there is mention of a "silent valley" where the fallen sing 'the devil's song' which 'suspended hell' as they listened.
Could this mean Satan is the siren of the deepest void? and the subject of the toast?
This would point to TDW acolytes being an allegory of the fallen angels. Perhaps this is how TDW see themselves. Powerful beings akin to seraphim.
Satan could be the jewel standing on the brow. The mother of galaxies - Sin, the mother of Death - galaxies evolved from the deaths of the first primordial stars. Whisperer (satan) in witchspace (the void). Parent and lover. Yearning of vagabond (the fallen) hearts.

So perhaps from this one could construct an esoteric path where satan leaves the Empyrean realm, crosses the bridge of souls, enters the gates of hell, and somewhere in the underworld or lost realm we might find Raxxla??

Is there a Castle of Limbo aka TDW Station somewhere to be found?
Click to expand...

Limbo from Paradise Lost was I interpret not in hell. The passage you reference alludes I ascribe to the period where the fallen angels populating hell, here they do not simply roll around in pain, their punishment is essentially to dwell in ignorance and out of gods grace. They fill their time in folly, disillusion and vain discord. They perform the same duties as if they were still in heaven, including singing, which in hell although relatively beautiful is not as it was so in heaven, but like everything else a selfish perversion. Hell is thus described as a perverted version of heaven.

Limbo is I interpret might be an area of Chaos, very close or encircling part of the pendant globe, which Milton calls the paradise of fools. Its location is not specified I don’t believe, but some interpret it to be close to where Satan first set foot on the crystalline sphere, this might relate then to its equator?

Technically this is where the logic of the Milton’s spheres get weird because from my interpretation he intentionally mixed his metaphors, small can be large and visa versa. Satan can change his size and in his true form, like all archangels is actually cosmological in itself. Milton also does give measurements for the distances between hell and heaven but likewise some also interpret these to describe the size of the crystalline sphere which is relatively large, yet in contradiction to earlier passages relatively tiny… so which is it in game, if it is replicated accurately?

I believe the zone of the underworld, chaos and Empyrean are laid out relatively. But Raxxla probably is replicated as a body within a star system.

I think this is where the garden design comes into play and that system design somehow symbolises the inside of the crystalline sphere - outside, it’s a standard system. Limbo likewise if you follow this logic ought to be another system, but relatively close by. But I believe the in game author might be mixing and abstracting metaphors so this might be where the model breaks down, I don’t fully believe everything is replicated, this ultimately is a rather abstract model?
Last edited: Jul 27, 2024
Reactions:
selbie and GURU-951