CMDR Davanix
Aug 2, 2024
#34,552
Rochester said:
I think 17 Draconis etc are an obvious solution, however there are 4 main reasons I haven’t given it much attention.

One: in relation to everything else discussed so far, its location is too far removed. It simply does not fit the model.

Two: Paradiso and Limbo I suspect are not Miltonian concepts but fall within the canon of Dante. The two works are separate and although they share many of the same themes operate within different universes. Dante’s is based within the spheres where as Milton extends his universe beyond them.

There are other references in game to support this construct for Dante, I dont understand why it’s in game. It’s evident Brooke’s had written about it within his Drabbles, and I speculate like his other Drabbles they too are replicated in game, but the two concepts II believe don’t gell together, so I fall on the side of ‘Easter egg’?

Three: it has a player controlled faction? Bit too obvious!

Four: it is relatively too close to Polaris, a system acknowledged by FD to be outside the reach of players, due to a permit. This ultimately advocates this area is a ‘narrative gate’.

If this is the true goal then there is no purpose to the quest, as we have speculated previously, If the story is narrative then FD will only unlock it when they deem fit, it will be communicated and in some regards leaked and probably resolved in a matter of days.

Many of the systems we’ve discussed seem to hold a very close relationship to a tight grouping within the bubble and along similar axis, the system in question is by my assessment simply too far out to be considered?

Therefore on that logic I have not entertained it.

The image below shows the position of the system 17 Draconis in relation to the hypothetical area of the Empyrean, based off my findings. For it to be related there ought to be numerous systems between these that denote ‘heavens’ etc.

Click to expand...
The PMF originally wanted a system beside Polaris however due to Fdevs response of "this region is locked for future narritive reasons" it was moved about 200ly away, The Order PMF has no ties with Fdev and purely are a RP player group however the distance away from Polaris is interesting as it also match's both the Pleiades bubble and current titan zones, although may not related to Raxxla it does raise other questions as to the narrative in the future surrounding Thargoids and if/maybe related which we can neither confirm nor deny currently.
Reactions:
El Saico and Rochester