Cunder
C
Mar 9, 2019
#6,453
From what I understand and looked up wiki about Delphi

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delphi

"formerly also called Pytho (Πυθώ), is famous as the ancient sanctuary that grew rich as the seat of Pythia, the oracle who was consulted about important decisions throughout the ancient classical world. Moreover, the Greeks considered Delphi the navel (or centre) of the world, as represented by the stone monument known as the Omphalos of Delphi"

Which in this case represents Raxxla description itself on the codex " Several versions of the Raxxla story mention an alien artefact, the Omphalos Rift "

But to read on the wiki if this page also mentions The Orcale of Delphi which is an funny to mention the station there is also called the Oracle.

https://www.edsm.net/en/system/stations/id/30616616/name/Delphi/details/idS/46902/nameS/The+Oracle

Now the kicker about Omphalos wiki is also mention just in the same description as Delphi wiki the only difference is the fact it was considered an object among other things

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omphalos

"An omphalos is a religious stone artifact, or baetylus. In Ancient Greek, the word ὀμφᾰλός (omphalós) means "navel". In Greek lore, Zeus sent two eagles across the world to meet at its center, the "navel" of the world.[1] Among the Ancient Greeks, it was a widespread belief that Delphi was the center of the world. According to the myths regarding the founding of the Delphic Oracle, Zeus, in his attempt to locate the center of the earth, launched two eagles from the two ends of the world, and the eagles, starting simultaneously and flying at equal speed, crossed their paths above the area of Delphi, and so was the place where Zeus placed the stone. Omphalos is also the name of the stone given to Cronus. In the ancient world of the Mediterranean, it was a powerful religious symbol. Omphalos Syndrome refers to the belief that a place of geopolitical power and currency is the most important place in the world."

Now the last bit here I bolded describes the original description of Raxxla of riches, not just in political power but in currency which is the shared relation with the Dark Wheel.

Cronus on game is a planet located in Elysia https://eddb.io/body/13378

Delphi also has it's own section on the Omphalos wiki page

" Most accounts locate the Delphi omphalos in the adyton (sacred part of the temple) near the Pythia (oracle). The stone sculpture itself (which may be a copy), has a carving of a knotted net covering its surface, and a hollow center, widening towards the base. The omphalos represents the stone which Rhea wrapped in swaddling clothes, pretending it was Zeus, in order to deceive Cronus. (Cronus was the father who swallowed his children so as to prevent them from usurping him as he had deposed his own father, Uranus).

Omphalos stones were believed to allow direct communication with the gods. Holland (1933) suggested that the stone was hollow to allow intoxicating vapours breathed by the Oracle to channel through it. Erwin Rohde wrote that the Python at Delphi was an earth spirit, who was conquered by Apollo and buried under the Omphalos. However, understanding of the use of the omphalos is uncertain due to destruction of the site by Theodosius I and Arcadius in the 4th century CE "


Omphalos was considered a stone sculpture or just a stone in general.

There is much information going around in just these two wikis.

I figure Delphi is in the middle of what is going on with Raxxla and figure I spread some light and hopefully get more help or anyone interested in searching through all this info to find similarities between what is going on in game and what info is giving to us by wiki. Or maybe we can find someone who has more insight with these sort of Greek mythology of what I posted.

Edit: I highlighted the description of stone sculpture due to the fact that this description represented the same ideas giving on this forum of Raxxla and how it looks liked as well as the symbol which possibly the best indication of a close resemblance on what we are looking for.

Edit2: On Pythia Wiki https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pythia

Who is also known as the Oracle of Delphi there were many Authors who mention the Oracle herself many famous authors (show on the link provided above on the 2nd paragraph) But what will include on this edit is the way Oracle told her prophecies.

" One of the main stories claimed that the Pythia delivered oracles in a frenzied state induced by vapours rising from a chasm in the rock, and that she spoke gibberish which priests interpreted as the enigmatic prophecies and turned them into poetic dactylic hexameters preserved in Greek literature."

I am in no way a expert in poetry on the use of dactylic hexameter or any related form of Hexameter but this has brought me to the thought of the a part of the Raxxla codex and the mention of "Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars" (Astrophel and Stella).

I had mention this before on this forum I believe but never considered the fact that the Oracle of Delphi was the one using dactylic hexameter in the use for her prophecies.
Last edited: Mar 9, 2019
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein and CMDRGURU951