CMDRGURU951
Mar 9, 2019
#6,456
As many of you know, I believe I have located the initiation rites of the DW and that the trick to this riddle is the uncovering
and retracing of the steps of the path of the initiation rites and the historic journey's of Alexander The Great (Alex Ryder The Great.)

Here's a condensed version of my supportive evidence and my analysis of the Dark Wheel codex.

Aganippe is a system in game.
Aganippe is another name for Demetur, Demeter, as many of you know, was the founder of the Eleusinian (Elysia) Mysteries.
It was a 9 day initiation in Athens that would turn mortals to Immortals if they could pass the tests. It was a process of inner purification.

Aganippe Rush can be bought here.
"A neurological stimulant only available in Aganippe. Often used to temporarily increase the user's memory retention and awareness, it is a favourite among students and scholars. Recent reports have revealed that excessive use and abuse of the compound has been linked with psychotic episodes and hallucinations."
This is interesting because the last 2 final lessons in the Initiation Rites were, Know Thyself and Nothing in Excess.

The Aganippe system has 2 bodies, Boeotia and New Thebes. Alexander destroyed Thebes in Greece in the year 395 during the Battle Of Thebes.
The Julian Market station is there. Julian was an Emperor who claimed he was Alexander reincarnated through a process of Soul Transmigration, a tool of Immortals.
Although they die like a regular humans, their consciousness stayed intact from one life to the next and therefore they never forget who they are in each one, or so the story goes.

Also, according to Homer, Demeter fell in love with Jason (Ryder) of the Argonauts when she first saw him and they had a thing together after that.
Including laying in "Newly Ploughed Fields" with each other. (Elysia Fields?)

While on her journey Demeter found the rites very first initiate, Triptolemus.
Trip defines as journey and implies Triple, especially being that he was defined as a "Three-Fold Warrior." 3x elite.
Demeter was goddess of Harvest and her daughter Kora the goddess of Grain. Trip was the sower of grain and wheat.

He had a brother too, a failed initiate, Demophon, or Killer of Men. His initiation was a failure and as such he enjoyed killing.
Liz Ryder runs with Demolition Unlimited. Seems to me Demophon would go on to provide demolition unlimited as well.
Also worth noting. Democracy was born in Athens and we have 4 planets in the bubble named Democracy.
Historically Democracy followed in the wake of Alexander.

Aganippe/Demetur had the Blood-Eating Goddess Hecate to assist her on her journey to recover her daughter Persephone, aka Kora, from Hades.
The Hecate system provides the Terra Mater (Brotherhood of Earth) permit. In Terra Mater you can get the rare good Terra Mater Blood Bores.
"A potent physical stimulant produced using extracts of a native Terra Mater carnivorous plant. When added to the user's circulatory system, it allows a human to exert themselves far beyond their normal capabilities. The side effects are often permanent with increased likelihood of haemorrhaging and weight loss."

Worth mentioning as a side note.
The word Portal, while currently being defined as a doorway, gate, or other entrance, especially a large and imposing one,
was actually first used in the 14th century to also describe a communicating part or area of an organism,
specifically, the point at which something (such as a pathogen) enters the body.

Persephone/Kora, daughter of Zeus, was kidnapped by Hades when he ripped the ground open and swooped her up while she was picking flowers in Nysa.
At the time she was guarded by Sirens, but they failed to save her.
Meru is also a name for Nysa. In the Wakea system we have the body Meru and there is the Alexandra Station there.
Meru is defined as Spine and Wakea is a Hawaiian marriage of Heaven and Earth. Wakea is the story of the first born on the island of Hawaii in their creation story.
The Persephone system is featured in the Elite novel, Premonition, by our very own Drew Wagar. Chapter 18 features the Persephone system and it references the search for Raxxla.

When Alexander travelled far into Egypt to the Siwa Oasis to see the Oracle, Amun-Ra (Osiris), to confirm that he was the son of Zeus and a pharaoh,
he had stashed his wife Roxanne in a place called Epirus beforehand.
The system Bohmshohm has a planet named Epirus.
The mysterious (Not PMF) Low-Profile Workshop faction is there. Their motto is "Blending in is a statement."
The Bohmshohm system features in the Elite novel, Nemorensis, by Simon Spurrier. The subject matter about the system is one of sabotage and subterfuge
and secret access to sabotage. (Sorry, cannot find which chapter it is.)
Seems like something DW might be up to.

Now onto my analysis of DW codex.

"Think about how well know the stories are.."
What stories? Are there really any stories about the DW and their operations? They don't seem very well known to me, at least not at first.

Legendary group of Adventurers, Explorers, Investigators, and Treasure Hunters......Is generally considered a myth.
Legendary and Adventure is their calling card, Investigation is important and from this description it appears they'd likely have some pretty good intentions. Also, a Myth.

A Continuous and Clandestine Organization operating since the very earliest days of interstellar travel.
Continuous and from the Very Earliest Days.

Only a handful of the bravest and most competent of each generation are honoured with an Invitation...
The Martian relic was "No bigger than a child's hand."
It's gonna be so hard that most, if not all, will not succeed in getting an invitation. Invite only. Pass or don't pass. It will be hard and demanding.

It is futile to attempt to contact them....It Is They Who Initiate Contact, Initially In Disguise,
Seems to me that station won't be seen unless you pass their tests and they allow you to see it as an inductee.
They will initiate in Disguise. Demeter went in search of Kora while in the disguise of an old lady named Doso.

revealing their true identity only once a suitable Test Of Courage and Skill has been Discreetly Administered, and Passed.
Tests are Discreetly Administered. Not "Hey, we're the DW, follow us." You will need to investigate those you run into. Do not get caught up chasing NPC ships too long.
Also, how can you be tested for courage and skill? If this is purely fighting hard opponents, that's lame. What other ways can this be applied to the journey?

Opposing theories assert that new members are selected on basis of Lineage
Lineage, continuous, very earliest days.
Who were Alex and Jason related to than?
Ben Ryder? Who was he related to?

This starport is still in use...New Inductees can examine the records and Artefacts preserved there.
Only inductees will go inside. (Probably the only ones who will see it too.)

over the years, many people have claimed to be members of DW, to have Identified Some or All of the group's members.
But the Contradictory nature of these claims suggest most of them, if not all, are untrue.

Who are the people who have reported this? Any galnet articles? No! So where can we find these claims?

I hope this was presented better than my last attempts.

Thanks for reading.

o7
Last edited: Mar 9, 2019
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Jaiotu, Eckee and 2 others