Jaiotu
Apr 25, 2018
#2,304
Louis Calvert said:
Alioth was still a site of conflict between the Empire and Federation during the first Thargoid war. I can't find, nor can I recall anything significant relating to Alioth at all during or before the first Thargoid war. It would be a fairly insignificant system if it wasn't the later homeworld of the Alliance. That doesn't mean there wasn't anything there, or won't be revealed to have housed a secret research facility at some point in the future - but just that I can't dig anything like that up currently. Interesting to know if there is a reference somewhere though.

I don't think that the Thargoids have anything to do with Raxxla though, there's never really been any connection there except some vague speculation about Raxxla maybe being a Thargoid device becasue Thargoids are aliens and Raxxla might be an alien device. I also can't believe that from a narrative point of view that every single mystery in the game is connected to the Thargoids (although so far I've been proven wrong on that one.)

Very important to keep in mind just how the Raxxla legend has developed. It was never actually part of the original game design. It wasn't the brain child of either David Braben or Ian Bell. It was tacked on to the game when Acornsoft hired Robert Holdstock to create a game manual and write a novella ... a novella whose actual purpose was as much to help provide an anti piracy mechanism as it was to flesh out the game world.

The subsequent two games (FE2 and FFE) totally avoided the subject of Raxxla altogether. It's existence in the current game, as confirmed by David Braben, probably has more to do with appeasing us players then it does with anything to do with Braben's desire to have it in the game.

In fact I'd almost be willing to bet that David would have been perfectly content to omit Raxxla once again ... it isn't part of HIS vision for the Elite universe. It's someone else's vision and a vision he probably had very little contribution to. While Holdstock was writting The Dark Wheel Braben and Bell we're busy developing the combat radar and convincing Acornsoft to delay the game's release long enough to allow it to be a part of the finished game.

So now we have Raxxla out there ... and no clue as to what that means. Will this Raxxla conform to David's vision of the game or pay homage somehow to Holdstock? If the former than I don't think we should rule out a connection to the Thargoids. If the latter then we need more players reading Holdstock.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert