Machina Ergo Sum
Dec 6, 2019
#13,807
Thatchinho said:
You're seriously asking that question? Wow. This was only yesterday:

View attachment 154235

Comedy.

And the bit about the post above mine? A quick look at the times they were both posted should be all you need to know the answer at the point I wrote mine was no - because blatantly the one above was posted while I was writing and posting mine.


2.Have they ever said those literal words? (Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying it's not in the game, and there's lot of stuff which can be taken to mean it's in the game, but have they ever actually specifically said it?)

3. Sounds like the standard conflation with things that were said about the Formadine Rift mystery. Have they also said it about Raxxla? Not in any of the links in the FP.

4. Also sounds like the standard conflation with things that were said about the Formadine Rift mystery. Have they also said it about Raxxla? Not in any of the links in the FP.

5. Is blatantly not a correct statement. If FD ever said it, it has been out of date for a long time. It's demonstrably false. As an example, The CIEP were a splinter group from The Dark Wheel, lead by Oberon Ryder because he believed he could find Soontill whereas his brother, Neptune, was focussed solely on Raxxla. The CIEP found Soontill, and we still have the legacy of that in game - I mean seriously, it's not even like it's not current, with getting Soontill Relics being the unlock for Elvira M. On another note, Elyssia Fields is in Premonition.

7. Also sounds another conflation with things that were said about the Formadine Rift mystery. Have they also said it about Raxxla? Not in any of the links in the FP. On this one, it's could be inferred from what Drew said, as that was from pre-launch, but it still has the same problem as 2, in that there's the question of whether they have ever actually specifically said it's in game.


Myself, I've just been around too long to just take a post as absolutely accurate when it's saying stuff that isn't in any of the well established sources. Don't get me wrong here, if sources can actually be provided then that's fantastic. It'd be a great addition to the current set of confirmed statements, and very very welcomed.
Click to expand...

Points 2, 3, 4 and 7 are almost the same.

MB said "It's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves"

Now you are just being pedantic. In any normal conversation, if MB had said the exact words he said to you in the interview face to face, you will just take it that it is accessible. This is implied no matter how you try to spin it.

1. You know its in the Milky way.
2. You know its a journey.
3. You know it has to be soloed.
4. You know its travel-able if that's a word at that point in time.

If you think the opposite (for e.g. its not travel-able at that point in time), that MB is being deceptive or disingenuous, then the search is over for you. Why bother?

Point 5. Is the only point I don't agree with.

Point 7. So what is exactly the problem you have with this? That its in the game since the beginning? Or is it just whether its in the game or not? If its the latter, then refer back to the above quote. Again its just pedantic. So what if it wasn't in the "beginning". Then you'd just have to account for Horizons expansion and its implications. Its definitely in the game now. And if you think otherwise, then why bother?
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420