Thatchinho
Dec 6, 2019
#13,806
Machina Ergo Sum said:
Lol dude have you not read the OP or the post directly above you or even watched any of the videos from MB or drew's post about DB?
You're seriously asking that question? Wow. This was only yesterday:



Comedy.

And the bit about the post above mine? A quick look at the times they were both posted should be all you need to know the answer at the point I wrote mine was no - because blatantly the one above was posted while I was writing and posting mine.


Machina Ergo Sum said:
Which point do you have issue with?
2.Have they ever said those literal words? (Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying it's not in the game, and there's lot of stuff which can be taken to mean it's in the game, but have they ever actually specifically said it?)

3. Sounds like the standard conflation with things that were said about the Formadine Rift mystery. Have they also said it about Raxxla? Not in any of the links in the FP.

4. Also sounds like the standard conflation with things that were said about the Formadine Rift mystery. Have they also said it about Raxxla? Not in any of the links in the FP.

5. Is blatantly not a correct statement. If FD ever said it, it has been out of date for a long time. It's demonstrably false. As an example, The CIEP were a splinter group from The Dark Wheel, lead by Oberon Ryder because he believed he could find Soontill whereas his brother, Neptune, was focussed solely on Raxxla. The CIEP found Soontill, and we still have the legacy of that in game - I mean seriously, it's not even like it's not current, with getting Soontill Relics being the unlock for Elvira M. On another note, Elyssia Fields is in Premonition.

7. Also sounds another conflation with things that were said about the Formadine Rift mystery. Have they also said it about Raxxla? Not in any of the links in the FP. On this one, it's could be inferred from what Drew said, as that was from pre-launch, but it still has the same problem as 2, in that there's the question of whether they have ever actually specifically said it's in game.


Myself, I've just been around too long to just take a post as absolutely accurate when it's saying stuff that isn't in any of the well established sources. Don't get me wrong here, if sources can actually be provided then that's fantastic. It'd be a great addition to the current set of confirmed statements, and very very welcomed.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Han_Zen, yelboc and 2 others