Shenennigans
S
Mar 30, 2019
#7,113
Does anyone think there's something to this? There are 6 subjects in TDW toast, every in-game symbol related to them or Raxxla is hexagonal, and they do love their mythology at FDev.

To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!

So I think we are looking for each of those six things. Jewel, whisperer, siren, grief, woe, yearning. It would be impossibly obscure if these weren't tied together in some fashion, so I think we are looking for a myth that ties stars of certain constellations together in a pattern that will point us somewhere.

Cassiopeia is promising (and has been scoured already for that reason). Mother of galaxies (she's the mother of Andromeda). Perseus and Andromeda were lovers, her parents Cassiopeia and Cepheus died in the story (on top of being punished by gods), nereids/Poseidon were involved (sirens of the deepest void?), and most of the characters in this story ended up in constellations. The names of the stars in the Cassiopeia constellation were derived from Arabic words for body parts, Schedar is "breast", Caph is "palm", Ruchbah is "knee". No "brow" or "head" unfortunately. Trying to find out where her head or brow would be is kind of a fool's game I think... people can't even agree which way is up in that constellation lol.

The Raxxla entry mentions the Omphalos Rift, which everyone on this forum I'm sure has read up on. That is another promising story in this case. The Omphalos stone in Delphi, the system Delphi had it's name changed to Delphi after the Oracle station arrived. The Omphalos stone was given to Cronus by Rhea who ate it, later vomiting it up when Zeus poisons him along with a bunch of other gods. Lots of myths to review to see if it fits the toast.

I don't have anything solid, just ideas that seem promising. Let me know what you think.
Reactions:
Macros Black