glögg
Mar 30, 2019
#7,114
El_Scolio said:
Hi Everyone I think I have cracked the identity and meaning of the center piece of the Raxxla Codex image. Please take a moment and read my findings. Disclosure: I believe this to be symbolism and a way of pointing us in the direction of Raxxla without specifically mentioning what it is.



Awesome job.
Let me add some restrictions regarding finding Raxxla and the Dark Wheel. Keeping these restrictions in mind might make it easier to approach the mysteries.

1. The Dark Wheel and Raxxla are two different things, often confused. The Dark Wheel is after all a physical station rather than the more mythical thing of Raxxla.
Separating the hunt for these two things is important so that we do not confuse the clues for them.

2. Either mystery might have a time-based aspect to it. Is the Dark wheel within the shadow of a planet, always in the dark? Or does it move between systems on a schedule? Hints for such a theory could be in the Astrophil and Stella -text for example. Is Raxxla only visible at certain times when the planes align?

3. Either mystery could be route-dependent, ie that the discovery requires you to travel in a certain way to find it. That would make it theoretically available for all but very unlikely to be found by accident. Are there hints to which systems would be required to travel to, and in what order?

4. The game mechanics limits some aspects and keeping that in mind helps keep focus. Examples: The game does track time and location but it did not have engineers until fairly recently. Therefore, any puzzle-like aspect to the mystery is more likely to center around actual real-life digging and problem-solving rather than in-game missions, characters and factions. The books, codex entries and back-story are a better source than in-game factions, missions and such.


And a few of my current thoughts
:
5. One in-game thing not being focused on: Asteroid fields are often overlooked, in the game since day 1 and so many that hiding something in them is child's play.

6. Some parts of Astrophil and Stella could very well signify a specific order that you should travel between planets in the Sol system. Jove, Ganymede and so on. From what I gather, one of the few times Stella's position is mentioned is when the text refers to her resting her head in Cupids lap.