Korlod
K
Mar 30, 2019
#7,120
Sadly you can’t Supercruise between systems, you just end up at a marker in space that says you’re right there, but aren’t until you actually jump.

That three letter word is an insult in British slang (and with some Americans), but it’s a horrible filter to filter based on partial matching that way...


Noobilite said:
I've thought that also. It would fit both the time they let one person into the system we know they develop from that is off the galmap. It also fits the thing about someone having been in the system and not scanning but only refueling and leaving. It could have been the same thing. And it would explain ***ody doing it since. The only way to test it would be to get a lot of fuel rats and try to get ships near the system and the edge of the galmap to actually jump to it. Not sure how long that would take. Several years? Max speed is 2001c.... Probably have to get maxed out anacondas or corvettes or whichever has the maximum fuel capacity. Maybe a mix of them and try to fly and have fuel rats fly in and reset back to base and keep refueling along a chain of other ship if it's even possible. You could probably brute force to it's location if you really wanted too. Unless the time is too great. Call it the Raxxla Initiative.

You would have to leave one ship behind and keep going to it to refill. probably sending many ships at once or leaving meany ships behind to save time. Then have one ship go to the next while a group of other ships leaves ships at the next location and follow the line or ladder step to the next locations. Pre planning would save lots of time too. It would be funny to see fdevs reaction as a massive fleet of ships lowly makes it way to their hq in space!! ><

If you can get really fuel efficient ships you could send cutters as fuel depots and then have the most fuel efficient ship in supercruise simply follow and refuel over and over as other ship refuel along the way. Does that even make sense?! Actually a maxed out anaconda only needs 8 tons of fuel. So, you would be fine as long as you can get enough cutters in line and refuel on the way. It should last quite a while as a supply depot. I was thinking filing the anaconda with max fuel for travel. I wonder what ship gets the most milage in supercruise. I never did go over that aspect of the game.

Edit: why is the word ... no body is filter at the first three letters. That is a bad filter design.
[/QUO
Click to expand...