Garand1987
G
Mar 30, 2019
#7,117
Six6VI said:
A slightly different tack, if it hasn't been torn to pieces already...

Whenever I've seen DB questioned about Raxxla on a livestream he seems to find it exceedingly difficult to refrain from giggling like a school boy. So, what's so funny?

It's already been reported earlier in this thread and on the wiki that the first mention of Raxxla was in the 1980 book: "The Alien World: A Complete Illustrated Guide by Steven Eisler". The next mention was in "The Dark Wheel" novella distributed with the original Elite game on release in 1984, and written by the same author, under their real name Robert Holdstock.

While Raxxla may not have been included in the original Elite game, considering it ran in less memory than the the average forum post, and didn't contain any space dredgers or colony ships despite them being mentioned in the instruction manual, it has been confirmed by MB to be live in ED. So, while it might not directly assist in locating the "Dark Wheel" station or Raxxla itself, whatever form that takes within our 21st century digital playpen, it might be worth attempting to hack our way into the mind of the more youthful DB while he actually was a school boy and wrote the original game.

To that end, I've been attempting to discover what might be so amusing about the Raxxla mystery, way back then, where it started and the first, most obvious references that occur across the entire franchise, right under our noses are the combat rankings. If you happen to have the first edition of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy and you look up the entry for Earth it only contains one word: "Harmless". If you continue to read the 5 book "trilogy" you later discover that Ford Prefect submitted a new entry after being marooned here for 15 years which added one more word: "Mostly". Further, a brief mention in the original Guide novel, and later becoming a 1984 publication titled, "So Long and Thanks for all the Fish" seems to have carried over to the current game. For those who recall when the early engineers required various difficult to find commodities, during beta they only wanted "Fish" which were available at the local station so testing was a bit easier.

Other works of literary and comedic genius by include scripts for several four episode Doctor Who series during the Tom Baker reincarnation including one that was never completed or aired, titled "Shada". Adams also worked on several games, and contributed material for Monty Python productions, and the Python (ship) was also included in the original game. A stretch maybe, but if you look up where the Monty Python team cut their teeth prior to the Flying Circus you'll find it was at the same Cambridge University that contained the Footlights theater, St John's College attended (much earlier) by Adams and Jesus College where David Braben met Ian Bell and worked on the original Elite together. While poking around in David's deep, dark past I didn't really come across any mentions of a specific interest in ancient mythology or astrology although I wouldn't discount this direction in terms of actual placement within the current Milky Way generated by Stella Forge and the "Cobra" engine but I would suggest the thinking behind this placement is more current, as in since the original game was published.

Elite has been listed by several games franchises as an inspirational source, but where did David get his inspiration? It must have been prior to the original game and novella in 1984 and after 1980 for Raxxla itself, while he was in university and in relatively close proximity to some of the individuals mentioned above, and paths may have crossed? Hitchhikers was originally a 1978 radio series, back when the only wireless in the house belonged to your father, and you had to huddle close around it with your mates and the volume way down so your parents couldn't hear... And giggle your knee high socks off! Monty Python was on the radio and in the movies during the 70's while David was a teenager, and the Doctor Who scripts were on telly once a week so there's a good chance there was some influence on his thinking, perhaps a lot. I already reviewed a lot of this data and while listening to one of the audio books I stumbled across a list of places in the Hitchikers universe, of particular interest was the mythical ...

Um, better post this wall of text before I get carried away...
Click to expand...
Yeah he does have possibly the worst poker face ever when the convo turns to Raxxla. It’s always struck me as he feels there is something terribly clever about how they’ve hidden it, and that there’s something equally clever he’s just bursting at the seams about about there being some in game hint about how to go about finding it.
Reactions:
Ton618 666 and Six6VI