Rochester
Dec 19, 2023
#32,626
Mmm true.. but I suspect FD have been sitting on their keys for years.

There was the big leak several years ago, where we got to see Thargoids in the flesh but they’ve still never seen the light of day; and it’s evident - via FDs own admission that the Scorpion vehicle too was literally sitting upon a shelf for years waiting for the right content to be injected to give it actual relevance.

I suspect we have discovered as much about Guardians as we are ‘allowed’ to find. Simply shooting at it - only makes that asset work, eg it gives us data or it gives us material, it doesn’t really move the story along. It’s a community numbers game.

FD see that a certain percentage of players interact with the logs and associated missions, and so they move the story along by injecting the next shooting range target or give us technical elements to turn the next door on. However the fact they are willing to sit on such assets, for years, shows that they have restricted our ability at turning that page ourselves, and they will only turn that page when it suit them… so there’s always the possibility that the narrative is fiscally incentivised.

I would hope that Raxxla is another example as with the Gen ships.

That it is simply out there, it needs to be read and appreciated… if it is part of a wider narrative then FD can decide enough people have experienced it - then they inject another element.

But I would hate it if we can only find the door mat.. my best hope is we find an abandoned house, and actually get to look through the contents.. not just walk around the garden, like we have with Guardians.

Sadly I am only just beginning to truly appreciate the work behind those gen ships. It’s evident they were the personal work of M Brookes. They are very dark little narratives which exist wholly on their own (like his Drabbles) but collectively knit a wider story together.

I do suspect that much has been missed over these years simply due to poor or ineffective communication. I’ve worked in that industry and can say wholeheartedly that communication is generally the last thing many businesses think of, in respect to customer engagement, and it’s usually in direct opposition to a singular and likely shifting ‘personal’ objective…

Conjecture brought to the table; I’d like to think if certain decisions weren’t made at certain times, we would now be seeing a totally different narrative device in play currently… something that ultimately would have been much richer and deeper… but currently it just feels like Jackanory, and it feels that’s just a compromise… because as FD admitted, they do inject content into empty areas of space.. so even if by some magical omission someone found out for certain where something was ‘supposed to be’ if we got there before FD we would be looking at empty space.

That’s why I hope Raxxla is nought but an Easter egg, or a redundant narrative FD decided to set aside for us to find and appreciate on its own merits.

And due to the richness of the codex, and various 3rd party assumptions and insights I feel it’s more personal to M Brookes, and not actually a keystone element within the 10 year narrative, I’ve speculated it’s likely to be just out there…waiting for us. Granted by FD own admission it ought to revolve around some big ‘pay off’ but I think that’s contextual and conceptual…a little like how scholars had to rethink ancient religions when the original texts of Gilgamesh were first discovered…

But the idea we are reliant ultimately upon FD to turn that page, I find abhorrent, mainly because ultimately it reduces it to a waiting game.

A matter of perspective. I never engaged with Thargoids, Guardians, could see the bends in the rivers ahead, decided it best to ride it out, and 10 years later not much has really actually changed in game… again I just think FD are holding on to the keys, and dragging this out…. Hopefully that’s not the same for Raxxla.
Last edited: Dec 19, 2023
Reactions:
Shadowsnog and selbie