ClaraRulesSpace
Dec 19, 2023
#32,625
Rochester said:
The problem with such narratives which seem wholly reliable upon yet to be injected content is it identifies that Raxxla might be a narrative gate.

This has always been a possibility, sadly if accurate then it identifies that any searching for Raxxla is ultimately fruitless, because for FD to utilise such a mechanism it would mean we could never find it without they’re actions. Eg it’s drip fed narrative.

The concept is then open to the possibility that the asset is not the ‘ultimate’ objective. It might be some small breadcrumb, but not the whole sandwich.

FD has gone on record to indicate they do utilities this method to inject their long running narrative. That elements can essentially ‘pop’ into existence over the course of days / weeks.

It may be that Raxxla is such a narrative device and FD are waiting for us to read its first page. However, if a large proportion of the narrative is solely reliant upon that first step it makes that first step ‘valuable’. Which suggests that FD would really want us to find it, so they ought to have dropped some major hints, which they have not…

If the first step was valuable it being ignored over a wider narrative - in my opinion renders it inert and redundant.

It’s a matter of personal perspective but if this is part of some narrative structure I will probably stop playing. I do not like having the story handled down to us…

I however do strongly suspect what we’re currently uncovering is ‘architecture for an archeological’ narrative. A tangent narrative that now exists side by side their main narrative, made redundant when the missions were scrubbed. I don’t believe we were supposed to find these, and I suspect that FD probably didn’t know they were there…
Click to expand...
I have a similar opinion nagging in the back of my mind about the guardian mystery itself.
The log mentioned blueprints for thrusters and starships. Something a couple of my teams are focusing on specifically now. A part of the reason is we believe you wouldn’t be able to access the Guardian home systems otherwise. Simulation based or not, it’s a video game, and sometimes game mechanics have steps. so it may be necessary to achieve the short term in order to achieve the long-term because it’s a part of the game mechanic or because there’s some special technology in the ship itself that gets you into the guardian home systems.

I’ve also had to drag the tinfoil hats down a little bit, unfortunately and remind them that, regardless of the fascination of the sciences they discover, the answer to our puzzle relies in one of two things. Shooting something or moving something. The game mechanics themselves have reduced us basically to those two actions, so whatever the solution is, it has to be Discoverable by one of these actions.
They understand
They took it pretty well
Last edited: Dec 20, 2023
Reactions:
Adel