selbie
Dec 19, 2023
#32,627
ClaraRulesSpace said:
There is one more possibility that has recently reared its ugly head. I have yet to look at the specific data to confirm this, but try this out.
According to one of our researchers, there was info in a data Mine that seemed to suggest a guardian vessel. Derelict. Something about the next update.
But while we were discussing the possibility, and talking about the possibility also of survivors from the war, he threw something out I did not expect. If there were guardian refugees on board a vessel that survived, and they were in hibernation, there could be a program running to keep the mind from deteriorating.
According to the logs, the guardians would put themselves in a gel pod to survive the magnetic slingshot launches and the long journeys without using a lot of resources. In a Hiburnation state, they most certainly would’ve had a program running that interacted with the guardians that were in hibernation. Monitoring their health and their mental fitness. So I was wondering if this is what Halsey possibly experienced.
I have always personally believed that Raxxla and the guardian mystery were two separate things. But everything about.Raxxla that we know is actually hearsay from Halsey’s experience. At least that’s what I gather.
So she was in an escape pod and possibly got close enough to some guardian tech for a guardian program to actually seep into her systems and play tricks with her mind. Speculative but I say again, we believe there were survivors and here is why.

The logs Specifically talk about the exiles being vulnerable because they had become dependent on the technology they were linked to. The logs tell us that the AI saw their vulnerability and built new hardware for them. They failed to be mentioned after that.
The species survived for just over a century past that Mark and the exiles are never mentioned again. So we believe that they found their own region of space or their own area and probably stayed there. There’s also speculation that they may have still been linked to the AI network the guardians were using and might have planted the thought For the AI to retaliate based on their treatment a century before. But that’s just speculation.
So we are positive the AI survived along with the constructs. Because they wiped out their enemy. We believe the exiles survived not just because they left the area but because the AI obviously had sympathy for them because in someway they were kindred. Part organic part computer. This also may be how the AI achieved sentence because it was experiencing thought processes from organic beings.
And the last kick is that we are having trouble believing the extinction story. The ships computer says that the guardians were in space for 8000 years. When you think of the population necessary, all of the ships, all of the planets, all of the colonies. it seems less and less likely that every single guardian was killed. They could very well have been guardians in hibernation on long journeys, refugees, not to mention the logs specifically state that MOST of the guardian colonies were dragged into the conflict. Not all of them.
We also suspect that the pilots federation is not solely responsible for some of the lock ups. Some of these actually might be guardian tech designed to keep alien ships from entering their systems and they require some kind of IFF or some special process to get in that hasn’t been unlocked yet.
We further believe that getting into the locked zones, requires an understanding of the language in the ruins themselves. This is heavily mired in trigonometry, orbital mechanics, and an abstract geometric version of mapping. Those of us who are trying to crack this are keeping Tylenol alive and well, I assure you.
I am personally committed to cracking this thing no matter how long it takes. If I can confirm any of the things I’ve mentioned here I will be sure to chime in and let you guys know.
Yours
V
Click to expand...
Best of luck! This conveniently lines up with my escape pod / hibernation pod theory regarding the landscape signal. The audio might be of a living being breathing through a mask. Yes it needs to be sped up and filtered out from all the other sounds, but I do wonder if the signal has been slowed significantly due to the presence of the nearby supermassive black hole.
Reactions:
Adel and Jorki Rasalas