Jorki Rasalas
Jan 16, 2019
#5,187
Lori Jameson said:
From the Codex, FTL was accomplished in the 22nd Century. The first recorded mention of Raxxla was in 2296 and is assumed the myth was already in circulation. That would mean Raxxla was discovered between 2100(?)-2296.

The Empire was starting to take shape in Achenar in the 2250's.
Tau Ceti was colonised in the 2100's via FTL.
The Dark Wheel has been around since the early days of interstellar travel.

It would be safe to assume that either Raxxla was discovered via megaship or discovered via early FTL expeditions post Tau Ceti.

So, Raxxla is in the bubble and was likely discovered pre-Achenar.

Now we know when Raxxla was likely found and a rough area of where it is. To narrow it down, I'd use the known non-FTL generation ships as an initial largest radius and then calculate where they would be from 2100 to 2250 to get an average distance from Sol. Then cross reference that data with uninhabited systems in that ring to get a refined search area.

If we don't find Raxxla, then we can rule out the generation ships as first contact and move on to all known colonisation attempts and expeditions from 2100 to 2250. A clue we have here is that Sirius Corp in the 24th Century lead the first fully corporate colonisation of Sirius. Which means that prior to the 2300's all expeditions were partly funded by the early Federation (barring Imperial influence post 2250). Since the Feds haven't tried to leverage Raxxla as a bargaining chip I'd say this theory is a bit thin.

Also, the head of the Dark Wheel is a decendent of other heads of TDW, namely the Ryder family. They select the best and brightest of each generation of pilots to become members. It would make sense that the emphasis on generational selection would come from a group that possibly came from a generation ship, no? It would also explain the 'Dark Wheel' station as it would be a darkened gen-ship with a set of habitation rings.
Click to expand...

Not a bad theory there, though the Empire also uses familial descent, as did Walden (you could say his clones were his descendants) so I’m not fully convinced by your last paragraph.