Jorki Rasalas
Jun 19, 2021
#23,755
Emperor said:
I was waiting for the Jorki response the Twitter post from Braben’s account mentioning Saturn I thought was interesting as he quotes the hexagon, so we know he knows about it and the naming competition reference is from 07, so plenty before the game launch. Something that can’t be ruled out in terms of timeline, but I knew someone would check it out nearer sol than me at the moment…Thought it would be interesting for your Saturn theories!
The Saturn hexagonal storm was a big thing at the time, but its not the only possible explanation for the logo hexagonality.

In 2001 Space Odyssey apparently the monolith was close to Io.
So far I’ve (well, delegated to Tyko while I was investigating the Hesperus survivors mystery- got some nice photos of the nebulae near Barnards Loop!) approached the poles of: Jupiter, Saturn, Titan, Triton, Pluto. And I’ve searched some craters on Iapetus & Charon. No hexagonal storms (though there was a faintly hexagonal feature on Io) & no monolith found so far.

However this does not disprove anything If “it” is not set to show on the scanners until you honk within, say, 10km then it might never be found (I keep in mind the possibility that the purpose of the codex mention of “TDW stealthed station” is actually to tell us that Raxxla/Omphalos is hidden this way). As I’ve pointed out the odds of being in the right place for that to happen are pretty slim, even without a 30km/sec minimum speed in SC and a 6 second build up to charge the honk and 10 second recovery time.

Various sources place the 2001SO third (Star Gate) monolith (though could be getting confused, insufficient breakfast coffee! there were a couple of books and later films which I havent seen) : 1) orbiting Io, 2) on Iapetus, 3) orbiting Jupiter 4) on Europa, so will keep looking. However in an earlier search I found an apparent movie clip which showed the third monolith with a blue light reminiscent of Guardian technology; typically I cant find that pic now (edit: may have been this https://2001.fandom.com/wiki/Jovian_Monolith). Also the similarity of Guardian monoliths and those in 2001SO is intriguing.
Last edited: Jun 20, 2021