Emperor
Nov 3, 2024
#35,205
Neestar said:
As far as i'm aware, 'biologicals' aren't shown as "markers" listed within nav panel. Instead, look for the BLUE patterns on planet/globe. Whenever you have time, you should probably check your in-game Codex--->Pilot's Handbook , and/or see this related Exo guide--> https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/exobiology-a-2023-updated-guide.615722/

CMDR, any chance you could please stop posting your personal off-topic stuff ^ here in this RAXXLA thread? Please?
Some of us notice a new post pop-up and actually think it might be a new discovery or a relevant clue ( progress ) .
I think you'd need to try and define "off-topic" in this thread... it's possibly the widest definition of having to be "Significantly off topic" in terms of forum rules in my humble opinion...

Why do I feel this way?

DB said "you don't know what it is"

MB said "it's in the Milky way"

And the codex rules out essentially nothing as it could be anything "from an unremarkable moon to a state of cosmic enlightenment.".... Whilst I doubt it very much the Cheddar cheese in my fridge could be relevant...

FD have previously used external requirements to solve mysteries and internal game mechanics in other scenarios....

I tend to ask for more context or questions if I don't understand how a post might relate to Raxxla if I'm interested in it... If someone then said it's not about Raxxla I may then point out the subject of the thread if they posted continuously about it

Even the recent annual questions usually raised here about the Halloween events I could consider off-topic, but I don't personally...

I would hate this thread to become unhelpful to people searching... For example there have been 100's of questions about this thread when the answer is in the first post and most people helpfully point this out even though it can be tiresome.... "I can't read 1700 pages but I wanted to ask about...." obviously the search doesn't work for those people!

a new discovery/relevant clue would be equally hard to identify with us not knowing what we are actually looking for...

Anyway just my thoughts... and sorry for the notification....

Reactions:
Cmdr Walt71, Rochester, Macros Black and 1 other person