CMDR Davanix
Nov 22, 2021
#24,871
Allen Stroud said:
Interesting question. Apologies, my answer might be someone indirect.

Over the last two decades, I've been involved in the design of games in a variety of mediums with a variable amount of success. One of the principles I have tried to utilise is one of flawed craft. That means, building exploits and errors into a game's framework. This is something I've done in live roleplay. People have a variety of play styles, some respond to the parameters of a game by trying to find the edge, the extra and the unthought of. If you build flaws into what you make, some find those flaws and believe they have outwitted the game.

Part of approaching design like that (for anything) is accepting that the people who are playing your game are quicker, more industrious and more intelligent than you. You (as the designer) have an advantage of being half a step ahead. You do everything possible to maintain that advantage.

I don't think Frontier design things that way, but if they did, the search for Raxxla would lead to somewhere in plain sight.

In terms of what I would do in searching for Raxxla? I'm not sure I would search for it. I admire the quest and the dedication of people who look. When I played Elite (not Elite Dangerous I imagined every ship was another player, that the power grid was some sort of internet, making the game a secret MMO. I spent hours and hours and hours looking for generation ships. Playing Elite Dangerous in a Cobra Mark III when I played fulfilled my dreams. So did working on the game.

I'm very fortunate that my legacy exists in the game. A lot of the tourist beacon text points of interest from many worlds are versions taken from my draft guidebooks.

Since working on Elite Dangerous, I've written my own tribute to Raxxla and Holdstock in my SF writing.
Click to expand...
"I don't think Frontier design things that way, but if they did, the search for Raxxla would lead to somewhere in plain sight. "

Andromeda or the LMC the only Galaxy's you can see from every single system in the game that isnt obscured by any star or large group of stars

Speaking of which something hit me...."Obfuscated in the outer rim" references by the old Dark Wheel missions........Barnards loop is one of the only Nebula that actually disappears from view after you get a certain distance away from it.....I always thought this was a bug as Iv seen the bubble nebula and many other nebula from alot further yet Barnards being the most prominent one in the galaxy just vanishes from the skybox after if i remember correctly 2000ly+ hmmmmm bug or something else Even try it yourself just using the galaxy map it also does it yet nebula behind can be still seen, ngc 2286 permit zone also happens to be on the outer sanguineous rim, it used to be located with NGC 2286 C 42 which still resides the original location until the whole sector was moved (possibly a forgotten system as its the only one that ends in C 42 as opposed to Sector).......funnily around the time these missions where starting to be accessed by the first Elite holders, this system was extensively searched many times since by the way by myself included
Last edited: Nov 22, 2021
Reactions:
Rochester and Adel