Allen Stroud
Nov 22, 2021
#24,870
yelboc said:
So Allen, how would you go about finding out what Raxxla is and where it may be found, or uncovered etc.?
Interesting question. Apologies, my answer might be someone indirect.

Over the last two decades, I've been involved in the design of games in a variety of mediums with a variable amount of success. One of the principles I have tried to utilise is one of flawed craft. That means, building exploits and errors into a game's framework. This is something I've done in live roleplay. People have a variety of play styles, some respond to the parameters of a game by trying to find the edge, the extra and the unthought of. If you build flaws into what you make, some find those flaws and believe they have outwitted the game.

Part of approaching design like that (for anything) is accepting that the people who are playing your game are quicker, more industrious and more intelligent than you. You (as the designer) have an advantage of being half a step ahead. You do everything possible to maintain that advantage.

I don't think Frontier design things that way, but if they did, the search for Raxxla would lead to somewhere in plain sight.

In terms of what I would do in searching for Raxxla? I'm not sure I would search for it. I admire the quest and the dedication of people who look. When I played Elite (not Elite Dangerous) I imagined every ship was another player, that the power grid was some sort of internet, making the game a secret MMO. I spent hours and hours and hours looking for generation ships. Playing Elite Dangerous in a Cobra Mark III when I played fulfilled my dreams. So did working on the game.

I'm very fortunate that my legacy exists in the game. A lot of the tourist beacon text points of interest from many worlds are versions taken from my draft guidebooks.

Since working on Elite Dangerous, I've written my own tribute to Raxxla and Holdstock in my SF writing.
Last edited: Nov 22, 2021
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, Machina Ergo Sum, clavain and 4 others