Jorki Rasalas
Nov 21, 2021
#24,863
Allen Stroud said:
Nice to see such energy and passion devoted to all this. You can ask me things. I'm not hard to find.
Hi Allen, nice to hear from you!

I have many questions about ED, and expect I share them with most of the people in this thread. But I’m not interested in getting new clues to Raxxla ( wouldn't turn any down though! ), rather just clarifying some of the confusion. I understand that there are NDAs in place, and a desire to maintain the mystery of the game, but would appreciate answers if you can (& if you cant then perhaps you could take up the questions with FD directly since they just don't answer our questions on these matters).

I think the first major question I have is about The Dark Wheel.
David Braben said in a video “ED has a story that "embraces all the players"
(m.youtube.com/watch?v=gDh9G1gDgMU) that “things can happen to you at certain stages through the game, you’ll get invited to join things, if you get invited to join a secret organisation that’s a thing that can happen to lots of players, if you don’t get that invitation you’ll think to yourself why? I did kill that policeman the other day maybe I need to get my reputation higher”.

The Codex entry on TDW also implies that TDW is an organisation that players can join. We have therefore assumed that TDW is the secret organisation he was referring to, but after 7 years we have not heard of anyone being invited to join. So my main question is this- “is TDW in-game an organisation we can really join?” If the answer is yes then the consequent question would be “is the membership invitation regularly tested and proved working ok as we’ve had no invites!”

The second question I have is about the journey to Raxxla. Michael Brookes implied several times there is an in-game storyline that relates to this
(DJTruthsayer [TIQ] Michael Brookes Lore interview 14May2016
player.twitch.tv/?volume=0.8&video=v66487974&time=1h40m30s;
“Legacy was billed in the Kickstarter campaign as a sequel to The Dark Wheel, however, I was expecting more of a direct follow up ...There was a throwaway reference to Raxxla near the beginning the story but...
MB “It was more of a spiritual successor than a direct sequel. We did look at a story involving Raxxla, but felt that was a story that should be played out in game rather than as a novel.”” forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/elite-legacy.50320/page-15#post-2566545)

However we have been searching for a long time and seem to have made no progress in finding/starting this storyline. We thought the old E/F missions (e.g. Obfuscated on the Outer Rim”) from TDW faction at Jameson Memorial were the second step along this storyline (the first being to attain Elite rank to get the SD permit), but they disappeared circa 2016 and FD have recently confirmed to Cmdr Rochester that they were deleted from the game. Can you confirm there is indeed such a storyline and that it is also regularly tested to ensure it is working correctly?

In your PhD thesis you presented some of the ED lore bible. One of the points was about the Mars Artefact. You wrote “In 2280, the first non-human relic was found in space. The object, no bigger than a child’s hand was collected by an orbital probe around Europa and quickly brought back to Earth. No information has ever been circulated as to the properties of this item or its origin.” However this was changed in-game, Tourist Beacon 0175 says “In 2280, the first non-human relic was found in space. The object was found buried on Mars; it was no bigger than a child's hand and is still surrounded in secrecy, even in 3300. No information has ever been circulated as to the properties of this item or its origin, other than it is non-human”. Can you explain why this lore was changed?

Being found in orbit at Europa seemed to be a hint that Raxxla might possibly be a tribute to 2001 Space Odyssey, so I understand there might have been IPR grounds behind this change, or perhaps because it was too strong a hint to the location of Raxxla (though some of us have spent a long time in Sol trying to find something that doesn’t seem to be there!) but the result seemed to be a strong hint that a historical alien presence at Mars was relevant. Was it actually a tribute to Total Recall’s huge underground alien machine that terraformed Mars when triggered (by a human hand)?

Can you say why is Ceres missing from the game? What happened to it?

Finally, and being very cheeky, I recently posted a discussion list of my current hypotheses. I’d welcome any feedback you can give on any of those points!
(https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9616047)
Reactions:
Exekrator, electro, Adel and 1 other person