Jorki Rasalas
Jan 25, 2019
#5,452
Scytale said:


Raxxla is a certain celestial body, The Myth, but also a place that isn't a place.
A scientist may assume it's kind of a Black Hole... (As many players already stated and investigated)
But any Buddhist here to really enlighten us ?
(About BH, we can fly into them and be low waked. Maybe a small planet is obfuscated there. Undetectable untill you enter the exclusion zone, because of the Event Horizon thing. Raxxla would be obfuscated beyond the EH ! A device, construct, that exploits the BH to manage a stable wormhole.)
'Hey Mike, where are we going to hide Raxxla ? It must be undetectable!'
'Mmmh, that's true, Dave. In the MW but... what about inside a BH ?'
Also, would there be a clue by understanding the odd difference (inside the mind of the FDevs) between a and aWhat does theFSS reveal ? Celestials or stellars ?
Click to expand...

DB is quite into astronomy so I think FD terminology will be fairly standard usage. Wikipedia says “In astronomy, the terms object and body are often used interchangeably”, and “Young stellar object (YSO) denotes a star in its early stage of evolution”

so I think a stellar body is a star while an astronomical or celestial body is generic and covers planets, stars, etc. The Wikipedia definition is “An astronomical object or celestial object is a naturally occurring physical entity, association, or structure that exists in the observable universe”.

which leaves open to question crafted objects by whatever race, such as Guardian beacons, human/Guardian settlements, stations or bases, Thargoid structures etc....My personal view is that these would also be termed as celestial bodies,
But I may be wrong!

Have you tried asking DB?

edit: however you are assuming that quotation “a certain celestial body, The Myth, but also a place that isn't a place” from the DW (Shinrarta faction) missions does in fact refer to Raxxla. It might be that the missions were dropped because FD realised this quote (didn’t it originally come from The Dark Wheel novella by Holdstock? Edit3: just checked & it’s not from that novella, so may be FD, but is it canon???) is not canon for ED’s implementation of Raxxla. Raxxla is, after all, a myth so you cannot necessarily put any trust in any of the lore regarding it...it may be part of the obfuscation!

Edit2: FSS is the “Full System Spectrum Scanner”; the Wikia (fan maintained, not canon!) says “It is activated after switching to Analysis Mode and conducting an initial scan of a star system using the Discovery Scanner to identify all astronomical objects and signal sources. ”

edit4: but a Black Hole is a solution to “the place that is not a place” (possibly non-canon) quote, and I guess it is conceivable that FD could put a planet or station etc inside one. So all BH within about 400ly of the bubble should be entered & explored!
Last edited: Jan 25, 2019