Six6VI
Mar 19, 2019
#6,833
Old Duck said:
I'm only 1E, but I'm hoping it's the "E" that counts - Exploration. "The Dark Wheel is a mythical, secretive organization comprised of exceptional adventurers, explorers, investigators, and treasure-hunters that is said to have existed since the advent of interstellar space travel."

I'm 3E, have been for several thousand hours in-game and it doesn't seem to be helping although I did just notice (through reading this thread) that I forgot to get a Terra Mater and Nastrond permit. I should also caveat this with, yes I know Raxxla was supposedly in the game since gamma and the engineers were not but, read on...

On the subject of required ratings, does it seem odd to anyone else that Lori Jameson only requires Dangerous or higher combat rating, but you still need Elite in at least one profession to gain access to Shinrarta Dezra A1 / Jameson Base?

Does it not also seem that our little engineer friends might have an affinity with the "exceptional adventurers, explorers, investigators, and treasure-hunters" standard for entry, and there are 20 (19 spokes + TDW - mentioned above) of them within the bubble?

While MB has emphatically stated "there will be no clues", why are FDev now going back, again, to improve / enhance the new player on-ramp (learning cliff) and is there something they've failed to mention (on purpose) in the engineer unlock progression?

Based on what I've read so far in this thread, highlighting such systems as SD, Sirius, Sol, Maia (now Delphi and the Oracle, which has a Thargoid structure directly below it), while neglecting systems like Leesti, from the original 84 game (not Lave), could they be pointers?

If FDev are on the ball, and creating a game which is internally consistent (excuse me while I fall over laughing), is it not possible that by fair means, foul or just mentally preoccupied accident, they've gone and stuck at least some of the engineers in significant systems, OR, and this is a big OR, all that rubbish they wanted us to collect is part of the overall entry requirement for TDW?

At least the Ram Tah and Palin steps should be a little easier due to the material storage changes as it's now possible to have enough Classified Scan Databanks and Sensor Fragments available at all times to unlock these two engineers, although Liz Ryder's 200 land mines might be a bit trickier, and Broo's Fujin Tea even harder to get 50 at once due to supply side issues.

Again, the (canon / not canon?) spoiler above specifically mentions the number 19 in relation to TDW sub-divisions. There is one engineer in SD, where the (fake / not fake?) TDW minor faction exists, PLUS "19" more engineers in the original update. Is this not significant / worth a trawl? Using the engineers increases your reputation with them to allied. Could this be part of the "Journey" everyone is required to take (to find Raxxla)?

In short, is there some logical reason behind what some would consider the (grind fest) "personal narrative"? Elite Dangerous may not take you by the hand and guide you, but it does drag you all over the bubble by the short and curlies, if you want to improve your ships.

Why? Is it JUST for the engineering, or is it a covert "test"? Did FDev suddenly decide, "OMG, they're never gonna find it at this rate, let's force them to get at least some of the steps done by adding something they might actually want to do because of the benefits"?

Who knows, who cares, over 10,000 hours in and it's still fun being a space cadet!
Reactions:
JulesD