Rochester
Mar 18, 2019
#6,831
Artemis quinn said:
o7 CMDR's

Been reading this excellent thread now for the last couple of days and it's led me to some theories of my own based on some of the things that I've read.

There's a well-known rule among game designers, the Rule of Threes, a theory originally developed by the design guru Shigeru Miyamoto. This suggests that the designer should introduce a mechanic to a player three times before they a required to use it in a full gameplay situation. With designers that I've worked with I've often seen this rule manifest in other ways - boss levels having three stages, three difficulty levels etc. I've seen this in Elite's puzzles too such as the listening posts; three listening posts allow the player to triangulate the position of an abandoned base (for example)...


Continuing the theory both the Dark Wheel and Raxxla logos have pretty blunt references to the number three.



If the Dark Wheel toast represents a clue then I am fairly certain that the Rule of Threes will apply here too. There are three clue that will lead to three systems that will allow us to triangulate the location of either the Dark Wheel station or Raxxla. Of course it might not be that simple but considering Frontier have already used this system it stands to reason that they might use a more cryptic/difficult version for this particular puzzle.

As stated earlier in the thread I also believe there's only three clues:


I think the bit about vagabond hearts is a read herring literally suggesting us, the people searching for answers.

Sure this is not new information but thought I'd introduce myself as a fellow tin-foil-hat-wearing-Raxxla-hunter!
Click to expand...


(Edit) I agree, at some point these clues should resolve themselves in this fashion and I'm imagining each 'clue' is referencing the same location or its a map to triangulate an area, not a multi stage journey.

The biggest clue - Astrophel has had many confused, but it only began making sense once I researched its literary history and its here were a number of papers highlight it referencing Homers Odyssey: The number of sonnets alluding to the number of suitors of Penelope and songs to the number of months travelled.

I do feel we are very close to the heart of the truth; that the Odyssey is a key, to triangulate Raxxla...as the Odyssey does contain references both obvious and poetic that concern navigation and star constellations. Or a series of encoded numbers that could be crunched by hard science?

The songs of Astrophel's structure denotes the last month of the journey prior to returning to Ithika. I feel this is a direct reference to Scheria.

https://forums.frontier.co.uk/showthread.php?p=7473742&viewfull=1#post7473742

Homer describes Scheria as a shield on the water or the island as the boss (centre) of a shield.

(Edit - one huge edit) It is widely understood that Homers work was multi-layered and is as much about navigation by the stars as it is of classical history this reference and the codex ref allude to the Omphalos - a centre.

https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=...0stars&f=false

Omphalos is Scheria

Scheria was a navel

Pheiades were a navel

Scheria is Raxxla

Raxxla is the Omphalis rift

Delpi is also navel / Omphalis, Delphi is now in Pheiades.

Maybe its in / near Pheiades?

The codex clues could be literateur metaphors for a certain system, could this be or relate to the Pleiades, this is a leap...

This could just be space madness...but these are the commonalities.

The mother of galaxies is Giai, the original diaty that was later replaced by the oracle at Delpi.

Giai - Delpi.

The lovers woe the parents grief - Penelope.

The vagabonds heart - Penelope.

The sonnets of Astrophel - Penelope.

Tornqvist - thorn branch - maybe Eumaeus who lived in a hut made of thorn branches, is first to talk to 'the vagabond' - yup a real stretch. But he tells of the suitors and again of Penelope. So Tornqvist - Penelope.

Pleiades are connected to Delpi, Delpi is connected to the Omphalos. Penelope is from the sonnets, she is the vagabonds desire, what he is really seeking.

Penelope is connected to the Pheiades, as during the period of Homer Pheiades were a prominante navigational aid, possibly a pole star or navel star...).

At present I still feel this is all just a word puzzle...not math just yet, and yes I'm reading between the lines and interpreting these clues as not literal clues but literature clues.

That or its fallen down the back of the sofa again...
Last edited: Mar 20, 2019
Reactions:
Spaceman Si