Justin Luis
Mar 19, 2019
#6,835
TL;DR: I'm proposing the fact that the overall story within Astrophil and the Spiraling Stars is a form of symbolism for the puzzle we know as the Quest for Raxxla. Essentially I am taking the books story about forbidden love and applying it to a story based on 2 star constalations, and how hose constalations came to be.

I've been lurking here on and off over the years, but this is my first ever post. Since learning about the Raxxla endeavor, and looking at what other people have proposed as possible avenues to check out, I have no doubt come up with my own tin-foily hat theory. Here is what I have come to think, and I apologize in advance for this long post.

-----

Understanding that the codex speaks about a book titled "Astrophel and the Spiraling Stars". What if this is'nt so much about the book but the story within it. The story being a love that cannot happen. So here is where I put my Tinfoil Hat on.

One of the stories that sticks out is the one about Orion, and the 7 Sisters (Linked below). I noticed a similiarity between that story, and he book "Astrophil, and the Spiralling Stars". In both stories there is "Love" which cannot be obtained. At this point, I invite you to take a look at the linked story below as it will create the foundation for understanding my thought proccess.

Again, understanding the Galaxy Map is a ~1:1 version of our actual Milky Way. It's not odd to see that all the Stars that create the 7 Sisters, and Orion are in-game. Infact every character in the story I linked below have a Star System in-game.

My theory is as follows;

I find it rather suspect that 2 stories share great resemblance to oneother, one is about symbolism as charatcers take on the persona of star systems, and the oher is a story about unobtaned love which became star systems. Logically "Could there be a clue hidden within these systems?" to have a named system ex: Maia, Merope, etc.. FD would have had to place those in manually and change it from there actual cataloged ID names. I wouldn't be surprised if collected 1x ea. Thargoid Sensor, Link, and Probe and using them in each of the 7 Sister systems may lead to something or within the Merope system. Why do I think this? well because it may explain the image given by the Thargoid Device once activated.
SPOILER
The system we havent figured out (the one on the right) may be around Merope. Funny enough right beside Merope just happens to be Atlas, and Pleione systems. Those two systems are n fact the Greek Mythological fathers of the 7 sisters and Hyades. "the parents grief" maybe in grief for losing their children to Zeus?

---
Breakdown

1. Both stories talk about forbidden love

2. Main characters apear as named systems, and 1 system has had a previous mystery attached "Several versions of the Raxxla story mention an Alien Artefact"

3. Sonnets in the book, and the 7 Sisters also sang "To the whisperr in witch space, the siren of the deepest void"

3. Atlas / Pleione parents of the 7 sisters "he parent's grief, the lovers woe"

4. Thargoid Device showed Spiraling Stars

---

I can go on, but I suspect I'm starting to ramble. If this theory is something that would be seriously considered. I can write up a more logical progression of my thoughts.

07 Cmdrs. Happy huning!
Reactions:
Midian Cabal, Hanerib and Scytale