Artemis quinn
A
Mar 18, 2019
#6,829
o7 CMDR's

Been reading this excellent thread now for the last couple of days and it's led me to some theories of my own based on some of the things that I've read.

There's a well-known rule among game designers, the Rule of Threes, a theory originally developed by the design guru Shigeru Miyamoto. This suggests that the designer should introduce a mechanic to a player three times before they a required to use it in a full gameplay situation. With designers that I've worked with I've often seen this rule manifest in other ways - boss levels having three stages, three difficulty levels etc. I've seen this in Elite's puzzles too such as the listening posts; three listening posts allow the player to triangulate the position of an abandoned base (for example)...


Continuing the theory both the Dark Wheel and Raxxla logos have pretty blunt references to the number three.



If the Dark Wheel toast represents a clue then I am fairly certain that the Rule of Threes will apply here too. There are three clue that will lead to three systems that will allow us to triangulate the location of either the Dark Wheel station or Raxxla. Of course it might not be that simple but considering Frontier have already used this system it stands to reason that they might use a more cryptic/difficult version for this particular puzzle.

As stated earlier in the thread I also believe there's only three clues:

To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! (People have suggested Zeta Cassiopeiae - the theory sounded kinda sound)
To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void! (I'm conviced this is indeed Maia. Whisperer in witchspace references thargoids. "Void" is the black hole and "deepest" refers to how far into deep space it is i.e. 200kly)
The parent's grief, the lover's woe (stuck on this one - possibly classical Greek connection?)

I think the bit about vagabond hearts is a read herring literally suggesting us, the people searching for answers.

Sure this is not new information but thought I'd introduce myself as a fellow tin-foil-hat-wearing-Raxxla-hunter!
Reactions:
Six6VI and Rochester