Dielos
Jan 11, 2016
#196
Hi. I've been looking for Raxxla for some time now. I new about this thread, but didn't really follow it as it seems that the only hint being followed was those missions in the OP, which you can only get on Elite.

As I believe FD wouldn't have placed something in the game and then locked it to a select few, I started looking at other approaches, which by the way all failed (or are yet inconclusive). I'll post them here just in case someone can finally kill my theories and I can rest in peace, help them move them forward, or at least give another approach and discussion to this search...


"A planet older than the Galaxy itself" - With this sentence in my head (found here), I started searching Wikipedia and other astronomical sources for the oldest stars in our galaxy. I was surprised that there are a few known stars that are actually almost as old as the universe itself inside our own galaxy! So that was it, one of them could be it... Here came the first failure. Most of these stars were actually cataloged in 2014/2015, so it was very probable that they wouldn't be in the game. I did find 2 though, but on arriving there, their ages didn't correspond with real data, and thus were probably procedural. Dead end here, although I might not have found them all...

"Parents tell their offspring the story of a ghost planet, beyond witchspace, lost in the void" - Second sentence burnt into my brain... (found again on the same link as before). Here I get to understand that Raxxla might be a rogue planet, maybe without a sun, and thus unreachable through normal means. This didn't get me to any system, but it brought me to think that Raxxla might not be a simple planet that we will find happily sitting there in the system map for us to scan so easy. My guess here is that it might be discover-able in a way similar to the ancient probes found in Sol, by flying out there and they'd pop up at some point. This would make the search very difficult, and would force to find first the correct system from which to search, and as thus I see this as improbable.

Researching on rogue planets, I did see that those that have been discovered have been cataloged initially as "Sub-brown dwarfs", and I'm in the process of studying them now better and might follow now this approach. Although with the utter mind blowing success I had with the elder stars, this might just as well prove to be another loss of time

The other thing I tried once I was bored of chasing old stars and from the solitude beyond the frontier was to re-read "The Dark Wheel", which is in fact considered official lore (at least I think so). There isn't much on Raxxla there, apart from it being the main drive of the main character and his father. So I set off to follow the steps of Alex Ryder. I ignored Leesti and Lave, and jumped directly to Tionisla. In the book, there is a graveyard here between the planet and the sun. Now, I didn't expect to find the graveyard here, but I did search the asteroid fields between planet and star for something "different"... I tried as well to find Rafe's ship, but no dice.


I continued to follow Alex Ryder's steps until I hit a permit system, which I hadn't access to. Investigating a bit, I found out that others had tried to get access to this system, but even with a permit in hand, the system remained locked by the dev's for future content probably. I finally gave up on this approach as well...



And now, I just found out of the mysterious Lady Kahina forum thread, which I'm going to follow closely.


I have really been very interested in Raxxla since I found about it, but at the moment the elusive leads are getting a bit frustrating. I just really hope that it's not locked only to Elite commanders, as that would be a great bummer. I'm not that far from Elite myself in exploration, but even so, it's still a brutal grind to get there.


If anybody has any further ideas on how to proceed with the search, I'm more than willing to keep on it and to help with any attempt. I hope as well that my points and failed tries above mentioned can maybe help start other discussions and other means of approach that are not only locked to Elite commanders.


I'm a member of the Children of Raxxla, but there have been few attempts to search for Raxxla there at the moment.



Mind you, "Raxxla - The definitive guide" by Drew Wagar to which I link in this post is not considered official lore (or at least that I know of). But as there is not much on the topic, they might have very well adapted parts of it, but is just speculation...
Last edited: Jan 11, 2016
Reactions:
Macros Black, drew and Futuristic Kung Fu