selbie
May 8, 2024
#33,993
Han_Zen said:
I don't think any of this gives much hint of the location of Raxxla. It might give clues about the axis that defines the mythical up and down we are locking for. Raxxla is probably not located in the upper or underworld.
The way I read the hints and myths, Raxxla houses a doorway. This doorway is built to access earth (mythological), by those that inhabit the upper world. Those from the underworld can also (possibly unintended by the creators) access earth via this doorway.

Seen from the side of earth, the doorway on Raxxla should give access to both the upper and underworld. Using Miltons model, Raxxla should be on a straight line towards heaven. Hell should be down and to the side. Below earth, but only accessible by going up first.

The story of Arthur is interesting, because he goes the other way. He is an inhabitant of earth (Britton) and he travels to these mythical places. Not much is written on how he does this, but we know he uses a ship. The Argonauts also use a ship.

Even gods, angels and demons need a ladder, a bridge or a gate to go to earth and back.

I'm not entirely sure that earth in the myths is the planet earth. It could be, but it could also represent the entire observable universe, the Milky way or the Sol system.
Click to expand...
To me Earth is interchangeable with the known Universe and I would assume that aspect of translation between myth and the game is integral to this mystery.

Talk of the doorway and Rochester's notes does spark some thought for me.

Without Satan or for that matter the existence of Hell, there would be no bridge that facilitates the passage of souls between realms. So you could say the source of this access is something involving Hell or the other Underworld parallels such as Annwn or even some dead dragon stinking up the place
If a system "far below" Achenar is in lore, does that imply Achenar is a start or endpoint?
I note that Ache(r)nar was the arabic for "star at the end of the river" - which was changed when Acamar was included in the constellation Eridanus. Rivers, straits, etc are often symbolic passageways.

Alternately, there could be a clue found in a place where Satan was cast out of heaven - "to that side Heav'n from whence his Legions fell". So a gateway to the void of Chaos could exist somewhere amongst the Empyrean realm of star names as opposed to the gateway between heaven and our Universe.
Last edited: May 8, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, simulacrae, Han_Zen and 1 other person