Authari
May 8, 2024
#33,999
simulacrae said:
I have gone back to looking at the Egyptian stuff - specifically the Funerary Texts relating to the path of the soul. The Egyptian stuff is more useable in that they correlated things to the stars much better then the greeks romans or christians when describing it.... still working on it but ... I thought i would bring it up as you seem to be looking in a similar way.

Relating to the Sun Door... thought id mention what i have been working on (still a work in progress)
Have been using The Ascension-Myth in the Pyramid Texts as a guide. But the myth itself seemed to change quite alot over time. I think the Door is on the Horizon, not a central line (There is also a good paper on Satans Journy in Milton that indicates heaven is square and the chain hangs off the East Wall). - Im also looking at the Amduat, the path of the Sun as it the same path the Pharoh takes...

My current interpretation (all still in flux) is that on the Western Horizon the Kings Soul climbs the ladder to the Sun... The king is bound for the eastern side of the sky" He enters the Sun Gate and is then proceedes to Orion? followed by a trip across the celestial river afterwhich he is raised up (from the ecliptic?) by Set? to the Indestructables (the circumpolar stars)

The problem with having a "path" in the sky that I see is that it is very dependant on the time of year .... I suspect this is part of the reason things were switched to the "underworld"

Incidentally there is also the Book of the Two Paths... the Guide to Rostau, Rostau also being another name for the Giza Plateau where the Pyramids are... If we felt the need to tie in some Holdstock....

Apologies for the scatterbrained way im presenting this - but still digesting it myself:

Sah (the hidden one) Father of the Gods is Orion and his Consort is Sopdet (Sirius). Osiris is described as the Dweller in Orion.

From the (Sarcophagus Chamber South Wall):


While trying to find "Manu" - a Mountain in the West - where the sun set (Horizon)...And RA (ya a sun god not a storm god... but Set did help i hear) fought with Apep the world snake... I ended up finding the Starter Systems ... hence my earlier post. Manu has been renamed to Dromi.

Oh also I think the OnionHead might have been related to the Sokar Onion Festival thing.... Also in the book Legacy - when Julia visits Kappa Fornacis it brings on her desire to explore, and it is the only mention of Raxxla in the book.

So ya still playing with things -
Click to expand...
Osiris described as The Dweller? Felicity Farseer having an opinion on the Dark Wheel? Undoubtedly these Engineers have worked on ships throughout the Galaxy including the Dark Wheel's do not discount the systems of the Empire, where Avalon lays beneath the Light of Nu (a system nearby and Egyptian concept of Primordial waters) to gain the favor of Asphodel (another system nearby) whereupon lays the crux of the Axius Mundi (Yet another system nearby) remember how in the codex it says the author made a children's book with reference's to guide people to Raxxla? It mentions Asphodel in there too... hints, hints Brother, let your Faith be your guide for it shall lead you to Raxxla.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and simulacrae