Han_Zen
May 8, 2024
#33,992
Rochester said:
The Lost Realms of Robert Holdstock
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10214625

“The systems are close to each other, just bellow Achenar.”

“The Beaumont system was a frontier world far below Achenar.” Elite Legacy.

Far below these Lost Realms is a system called Michel (French for Michael) and Sopedu - (Guardian of the East), this is in alignment with the Brookes Tours; in Paradise Lost Michael casts out Adam and Eve at the Eastern Gates of Paradise.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'


Is Raxxla not within the Empyrean but in Hell? Or rather below it in the Otherworld!
Click to expand...
I don't think any of this gives much hint of the location of Raxxla. It might give clues about the axis that defines the mythical up and down we are locking for. Raxxla is probably not located in the upper or underworld.
The way I read the hints and myths, Raxxla houses a doorway. This doorway is built to access earth (mythological), by those that inhabit the upper world. Those from the underworld can also (possibly unintended by the creators) access earth via this doorway.

Seen from the side of earth, the doorway on Raxxla should give access to both the upper and underworld. Using Miltons model, Raxxla should be on a straight line towards heaven. Hell should be down and to the side. Below earth, but only accessible by going up first.

The story of Arthur is interesting, because he goes the other way. He is an inhabitant of earth (Britton) and he travels to these mythical places. Not much is written on how he does this, but we know he uses a ship. The Argonauts also use a ship.

Even gods, angels and demons need a ladder, a bridge or a gate to go to earth and back.

I'm not entirely sure that earth in the myths is the planet earth. It could be, but it could also represent the entire observable universe, the Milky way or the Sol system.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Jorki Rasalas, simulacrae and 1 other person