SkyRock
Nov 13, 2019
#13,248
Hello
I am from cold Russia)) and I am looking for Raxxla.

I am writing through Google translator.
And even closer than we think. Ask why? Open the timeline, 2120. Then there was no FSD, but in 2296. Therefore, it is somewhere in the bubble, and you can get there.
Initially, some communities led us to a false trail into a crack. The toast was decrypted incorrectly!

2120s - Discovery of life on Tau Ceti 3; the first armed conflict in space in the area of the asteroid belt.
what was this conflict?

1. For the pearl (pearl) in the crown of the galactic mother!
2. For a whisper from the witching depths, for the siren of the abyss!
3. For the grief of the fathers, for the grief of loved ones, for longing.


1. Northern Crown - Read the wiki. HIP 76952 is the first point. many people think that it is a polar star and it is closed. Targoids.
2. Nefertem ship generation system, read ship logs.
3. This is about the Ryder family. Most likely, this is the Lave system. It is also mentioned that there is a Ben Ryder gate in the system, is this a coincidence?

Ben Ryder wanted to make his own deals with Raxxlans and build his own gate in 3125. It was the only known way to find the Raxxla without a deeper involvement in the Dark Wheel.
The only way to get to Raxle is to use it next to the Laiv and Tionisla system. The only way to find the gate. The journey had to go at least 7-9 jumps before entering the secret system from Tionisla into a hidden system with a gateway.
They tried to get them to use the ring. This was hidden in 3126 due to the war with the Raxlanes.
Raxxlans have a transport system to transfer the planet from the system to other systems. The system looked like 5 large towers at both poles of the planet. It is very likely that the planet Raxlan was found anywhere. Therefore, the current location of the planet is unknown.


Dark wheel.
The CEC has focused on this fraction, but no one thinks it is an organization. By themselves, an organization that positions itself as a top-secret organization that itself needs the right people and contrasts itself with the club. An interesting thing for a top-secret organization. Were they written in a pizza box?
Last edited: Nov 13, 2019
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Machina Ergo Sum and Hanerib