SkyRock
Nov 13, 2019
#13,257
yelboc said:
Thanks for you patience with the translation - its interesting to views from different localisations - given the puzzle of Raxxla must be solvable for all players, there will be clues from local version of the codex and other lore from things which are constant, such as 'Fernweh'

This has often been claimed, but the capability of old ships is also combined with the possibility that exploration might take years rather than hours, so its not impossible for Jason Ryder to have traveled 10kly. I don't think we can be certain its in the bubble.

2120's armed conflict - I have no comment on this..

(1)In the English localisation - Jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies
к жемчужине, которая горит на матери галактик! is the Russian translation that turns jewel into pearl.. jewel is more general covering all gem stones
(2) To the whisperer in whitch-space, siren of the deepest void -
(3) The Parent's grief, the Lovers woe and the yearning of our vagabond hearts! seems a lot lost in translation..

Горе Родителя, горе Влюбленных и тоска наших бродячих сердец! from google is a bit closer, but repeats grief instead of woe - woe is more related to ongoing trouble than grief, which is due to a death. - again the translation is interesting.


(1) Northern crown is Coma Berenices and the brightest star in the crown is Alphecca (HIP 76267) which is also known as Gemma, and its probably not in game as it has no distance measurements in RL star catalogues. I remember looking for this and being irritated at not finding it The star you note is Gamma Cor Bor

(2) This is a popular theory, but not sure how it ties in..

(3) This is possible, but again not sure how to tie things together - Ryder ties to Lave are quite thin - it was a holiday destination for Jason and Alex, menat to be somewhere safe for a trip with his son..


Where does all this come from? Please elaborate.



The codex hints quite strongly that the DW in shindez is a fake. Or possibly a front or distraction - there is enough ambiguity to read it either way, but my position is that FD used the DW codex to explain the retconning of the E/F missions (see the OP) by saying how they were quietly shut down, now being only a shell organisation.
Click to expand...

1. I could be mistaken in the calculations (
is it likely that the system was simply renamed, let's say the system was renamed during the history of the game during the history of the game? essentially need an A0 system.

2. not the ship itself is a point, but the planet from where the broadcast to the ship.
3. all bookmarks stayed at home .....

on the other hand, maybe we understand everything too literally, maybe the jewel in the crown means the cradle of life - the Earth?


the question is a little off topic - there is an info window in the upper right corner. entering one of the systems I received a message, but quickly left due to spam, I remembered only the last two words <.... the last planet> . what is this message?
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420