yelboc
Nov 13, 2019
#13,254
SkyRock said:
Hello
I am from cold Russia)) and I am looking for Raxxla.

I am writing through Google translator.
Thanks for you patience with the translation - its interesting to views from different localisations - given the puzzle of Raxxla must be solvable for all players, there will be clues from local version of the codex and other lore from things which are constant, such as 'Fernweh'
And even closer than we think. Ask why? Open the timeline, 2120. Then there was no FSD, but in 2296. Therefore, it is somewhere in the bubble, and you can get there.
Initially, some communities led us to a false trail into a crack. The toast was decrypted incorrectly!
This has often been claimed, but the capability of old ships is also combined with the possibility that exploration might take years rather than hours, so its not impossible for Jason Ryder to have traveled 10kly. I don't think we can be certain its in the bubble.
2120s - Discovery of life on Tau Ceti 3; the first armed conflict in space in the area of the asteroid belt.
what was this conflict?

1. For the pearl (pearl) in the crown of the galactic mother!
2. For a whisper from the witching depths, for the siren of the abyss!
3. For the grief of the fathers, for the grief of loved ones, for longing.
2120's armed conflict - I have no comment on this..

(1)In the English localisation - Jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies
к жемчужине, которая горит на матери галактик! is the Russian translation that turns jewel into pearl.. jewel is more general covering all gem stones
(2) To the whisperer in whitch-space, siren of the deepest void -
(3) The Parent's grief, the Lovers woe and the yearning of our vagabond hearts! seems a lot lost in translation..

Горе Родителя, горе Влюбленных и тоска наших бродячих сердец! from google is a bit closer, but repeats grief instead of woe - woe is more related to ongoing trouble than grief, which is due to a death. - again the translation is interesting.
1. Northern Crown - Read the wiki. HIP 76952 is the first point. many people think that it is a polar star and it is closed. Targoids.
2. Nefertem ship generation system, read ship logs.
3. This is about the Ryder family. Most likely, this is the Lave system. It is also mentioned that there is a Ben Ryder gate in the system, is this a coincidence?

(1) Northern crown is Coma Berenices Corona Borealis and the brightest star in the crown is Alphecca (HIP 76267) which is also known as Gemma, and its probably not in game as it has no distance measurements in RL star catalogues. I remember looking for this and being irritated at not finding it The star you note is Gamma Cor Bor

(2) This is a popular theory, but not sure how it ties in..

(3) This is possible, but again not sure how to tie things together - Ryder ties to Lave are quite thin - it was a holiday destination for Jason and Alex, menat to be somewhere safe for a trip with his son..

Ben Ryder wanted to make his own deals with Raxxlans and build his own gate in 3125. It was the only known way to find the Raxxla without a deeper involvement in the Dark Wheel.
The only way to get to Raxle is to use it next to the Laiv and Tionisla system. The only way to find the gate. The journey had to go at least 7-9 jumps before entering the secret system from Tionisla into a hidden system with a gateway.
They tried to get them to use the ring. This was hidden in 3126 due to the war with the Raxlanes.
Raxxlans have a transport system to transfer the planet from the system to other systems. The system looked like 5 large towers at both poles of the planet. It is very likely that the planet Raxlan was found anywhere. Therefore, the current location of the planet is unknown.
Where does all this come from? Please elaborate.

Dark wheel.
The CEC has focused on this fraction, but no one thinks it is an organization. By themselves, an organization that positions itself as a top-secret organization that itself needs the right people and contrasts itself with the club. An interesting thing for a top-secret organization. Were they written in a pizza box?

The codex hints quite strongly that the DW in shindez is a fake. Or possibly a front or distraction - there is enough ambiguity to read it either way, but my position is that FD used the DW codex to explain the retconning of the E/F missions (see the OP) by saying how they were quietly shut down, now being only a shell organisation.
Last edited: Nov 13, 2019
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Six6VI and Machina Ergo Sum