Rochester
Mar 22, 2021
#22,300
clavain said:
OK, hold on tight for some more space madness, these are some very initial thoughts on Astrophel and Stella.

Published in 1591
Stella is Latin for star. Astrophel is from Greek Astro for star and phil for lover.
It has definite astronomical connotations and possible connections with other poets like Pontano writing similar poems with astronomical content around the same time
If anyone can find it, one specialist examination of this from literature is entitled:


Note the name of the author! The small part of this analysis I have seen makes an interesting note as well - "Stella is never far distant" throughout the poem.

Anyway back to the primary source, he is comparing his lover to various heavenly phenomena throughout. For example, in his "fifth song", he states:



Heh, apparently the word br---ts is verboten on the forums, it should read "thy bre-sts the milk'n way".
Hmm, now which constellation contains Cupid, and covers most of the Milky Way? Pisces.





And of course Venus and Cupid, who form the constellation, are lovers, like Stella and Astrophel. But of course they are both fish in Pisces, tied together with a knotted rope to swim away from the monster Typhon (could it represent the Thargoids? Or could this be an allegory inserted by The Club, representing Human-Oresrian cooperation to flee the Klaxians? Or Federation-Empire cooperation to fight the Thargoids?). If Raxxla is in Pisces, we at least have a relatively short list of major stars (in the link above) to check out. I am sure there are many more in Simbad.

But what if it is even simpler than that? Could Cupid's arrow/Stella's fingers be pointing to Raxxla? The arrow of course is not in Pisces (he's a fish there, remember?) but one version of the mythology around the constellation Sagitta has it representing Cupid's arrow: and Again, some interesting Raxxla candidates mentioned in both of those links that are likely worth checking out, and some interesting variable and seasonal stellar appearances in both constellations as well (and some cool historical supernovae and the like too).

But back to the darn question, what is the arrow pointing at? Well, is the brightest in the constellation and also the tip of the arrow, or perhaps the unnamed star just to the left of it on the first link above? Of course Gamma is not on the Galaxy Map. But when you search HD 189319, one of its many other catalog designations, voila, you discover that 12 Gamma Sagittae is in-game.

So, I dunno about you folks, but the heck with those distant dark regions for now, I'm heading to Sagitta and then likely Pisces if nothing turns up around the former constellation.

QED.
Click to expand...
Right on Cmdr.... always wanted to visit Sagitta, it showed promise within my theories concerning ‘Arcadia’ where that area of the sky may be alluded to in a joust. On my to do list hope it’s an enjoyable trip.
Reactions:
Vetinari, TrillClinton, clavain and 1 other person