clavain
Mar 22, 2021
#22,298
OK, hold on tight for some more space madness, these are some very initial thoughts on Astrophel and Stella.

Published in 1591
Stella is Latin for star. Astrophel is from Greek Astro for star and phil for lover.
It has definite astronomical connotations and possible connections with other poets like Pontano writing similar poems with astronomical content around the same time
If anyone can find it, one specialist examination of this from literature is entitled:
Courting the star: Pontano’s and Sidney’s Stella
In: Acta Conventus Neo-Latini Upsaliensis (set, two volumes)
Author: Stella P. Revard

Note the name of the author! The small part of this analysis I have seen makes an interesting note as well - "Stella is never far distant" throughout the poem.

Anyway back to the primary source, he is comparing his lover to various heavenly phenomena throughout. For example, in his "fifth song", he states:

I said thine eyes were stars, thy the milk’n way;
Thy fingers Cupid’s shafts, thy voice the angels’ lay

Heh, apparently the word br---ts is verboten on the forums, it should read "thy bre-sts the milk'n way".
Hmm, now which constellation contains Cupid, and covers most of the Milky Way? Pisces.

Pisces lies between Aries constellation to the east and Aquarius to the west. The two celestial fish represent Venus and Cupid in Roman mythology, who transformed themselves into fish in order to escape the monster Typhon. The Vernal equinox, the point at which the Sun moves to the northern hemisphere across the equator every year, is currently located in Pisces.

See full description here.

And of course Venus and Cupid, who form the constellation, are lovers, like Stella and Astrophel. But of course they are both fish in Pisces, tied together with a knotted rope to swim away from the monster Typhon (could it represent the Thargoids? Or could this be an allegory inserted by The Club, representing Human-Oresrian cooperation to flee the Klaxians? Or Federation-Empire cooperation to fight the Thargoids?). If Raxxla is in Pisces, we at least have a relatively short list of major stars (in the link above) to check out. I am sure there are many more in Simbad.

But what if it is even simpler than that? Could Cupid's arrow/Stella's fingers be pointing to Raxxla? The arrow of course is not in Pisces (he's a fish there, remember?) but one version of the mythology around the constellation Sagitta has it representing Cupid's arrow: https://www.ramblers.org.uk/news/bl...es-on-spotting-sagitta-in-the-summer-sky.aspx and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sagitta Some might contend that the fact that the first link ends with "aspx" is a clear indication that Raxxla can be found in Sagitta, but I think that might be stretching the science a bit too far myself. Again, some interesting Raxxla candidates mentioned in both of those links that are likely worth checking out, and some interesting variable and seasonal stellar appearances in both constellations as well (and some cool historical supernovae and the like too).

But back to the darn question, what is the arrow pointing at? Well, Gamma Sagittae is the brightest in the constellation and also the tip of the arrow, or perhaps the unnamed star just to the left of it on the first link above? Of course Gamma is not on the Galaxy Map. But when you search HD 189319, one of its many other catalog designations, voila, you discover that 12 Gamma Sagittae is in-game.

So, I dunno about you folks, but the heck with those distant dark regions for now, I'm heading to Sagitta and then likely Pisces if nothing turns up around the former constellation.

QED.
Last edited: Mar 22, 2021
Reactions:
TotallySirius, simulacrae, SergMx and 4 others