Count dEstard
Aug 26, 2019
#11,389
Vetinari said:
If its a map, does Jameson's last messages fit into Parents Grief? Is the fact that its there more than a homage or a finish to the old lore? Is it a direction pointer? Just looking for 'tiny bit obvious'. Doesn't always have to be ancient Greek me thinks.

Am I right that Jameson and Ryder existed at the same time or are they supposed to be different periods in time? If same then its a direct link to that time period and may mean more. Assuming he was on a 'direction' straight back from the homeworld to Lave/Sol? I'm still not clear how he got there or got back in current lore with current technology that we have access to, or don't we? If he mis-jumped sideways or all over then at least it kills that theory. Did he jump into and back from 'witch-space' is what I mean?

Just thought, 'No Brakes' could be Lover's Woe...(in a very loose way and probably isn't but it could be this sort of thing, hidden in plain sight but readable for 'those with eyes to see', dunno why Dan Brown comes to mind with his chase across Rome's landmarks leading to the Illuminati)

We don't know when the toast was developed, while they knew where Raxxla was or long after they 'lost' it? Which is helpful I know.

Quite pleased I managed to get Illuminati into a conspiracy discussion without it being the conspiracy itself, thats a feat of 'skill' me thinks, now for the courage...wheres DB so I can tell him I don't like the colour of his car?
Click to expand...

Concerning Ryder: He was on a trip from Diso to Leesti with his son, when he got killed. Interestingly enough there is the History of Leesti tourist beacon which mentions young traders doing trips from Diso to Leesti when starting their carreers.

Had been sniffing around at Leesti yesterday. Checked all three belt instances and the beacons but found nothing besides the aforementioned.

Edit: Have to correct my statement: The Ryder family hails from Diso, but the attack occurred while traveling from Lave to Leesti.
Last edited: Aug 27, 2019
Reactions:
RaNaketh, [PS4] Filthymick420 and Macros Black