Louis Calvert
Dec 3, 2023
#32,300
Emperor said:
Been thinking on the comments about the Raxxla codex being the only evidence in game...

Then using argument modelling to start to try and map out what might be leads/not leads....
That's extremely cool Nice to have all that info presented in such an accessible way, thanks!

Emperor said:
... "hard to find" in the first place? ;-)

Actually makes me think of something.

I used to play Star Wars Galaxies back in the olden days. Players couldn't be Jedi. Long story short, every single player could unlock a free second character on their account which was 'force sensitive' and would become a powerful Jedi - however, the way to unlock that path was a secret.

Though a loot item the devs added to give hints the player community figured it out; the way to unlock a Jedi character was solved.

But... no-one could tell you how to become a Jedi because the path to it was unique to your account: a particular combination of professions you had to master unique to you, and there were something like 25 professions, and you needed a particular combination of 8 of them (been a long time, numbers are probably wrong, but it's close). It was essentially a combination lock set at your account creation.

It was a journey that everyone had to take for themselves... so to speak.

I wonder if maybe the path to Raxxla is somehow different for each of us, like a specific set of places we have to visit that's pre-determined by a seed in our accounts at creation, or... I don't know, something. Maybe once you've solved the combination lock you get a permit that lets you jump to Raxxla, for example - land on Triton, go to Ross 54, Polaris, whatever. That would be within the game's limitations, and also be something a single person could code in that would remain future-proof.

Edit: Sorry, I meant to say also - maybe that mythological "someone's visit the system where Raxxla is" is someone who randomly and unknowingly did that path and just didn't really know what they'd done, that's maybe why Brookes allegedly said it, because he found it amusing.
Last edited: Dec 3, 2023
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, Adel, selbie and 3 others