Noobilite
Aug 24, 2019
#11,262
Jaiotu said:
"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witch- space, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!"

There are three elements to the Dark Wheel toast:
The jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies
The whisperer in witch- space, the siren of the deepest void
The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts
To find anything located in 3 dimensional space you need three coordinates. X, Y and Z axis. I think that if we can figure out which systems are referred to in The Dark Wheel's toast then we'll potentially have the coordinates for The Dark Wheel's home system. Something along the lines of: X coordinate from System A plus Y coordinate from System B plus Z coordinate from System C equals the X, Y and Z coordinates to find the One True Dark Wheel™.
Click to expand...

That was an idea we explored before. There are actually two versions of it or more. If you look, those statements actually have 6 individual components also. So could it be 6 total points. And if so then it's in 3 odd chunks. 1, then 2, then 3 components. I wonder if that means anything also. It is a bit curious it's in that order with that increase.

Random guess: (based on 3 locations)
1. The constellation known for having one jewel that is the mother of galaxie(s).
2. The origin of all the rumors or locations of thargoids. Maybe the oldest known in lore or the first spotting. Who knows. Col70, The rift?
3. Parent being the partent of a lover and the lover her/himself. And something related to vagabond. Vagabond could be a reference to space exploration or space travel. What stars are related to a parent and lover grief over the same individual?! Or in the very greek/roman sense on ocassion they are the same person as they married their own child.... What is that guy that the phsycologist mentions alot. Oedipus?! That or some other appropriate character.

RAXXLA Locations :: Elite Dangerous General Discussions
I submit that RAXXLA is located in the Cassiopeiae constellation. It is most likely in the Alpha/Schedar system. I do not have the time to investigate in game. I barely had the time to table-top investigate. I owe my wife & kids already big time. Being snowed in saved me a little. So who is out...
steamcommunity.com
Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/ac0w0y/cupids_arrow_tourist_beacon_ngc_7822/


Then there is this. Did Cassiopeia have to mourn over Andromeda somehow?!

Plus God hath spoken. It is in Alpha/Schedar system.

Also:
The thinning outer edge of the Milky Way passes directly through Cassiopeia, meaning that the area is rich in interesting objects and star fields. One of my favorite objects can be seen in binoculars or a telescope. It’s a cluster of stars called the Owl Cluster (or ET Cluster or Dragonfly Cluster). It consists of two prominent yellow stars that form the eyes. A sprinkling of dimmer stars forms the owl’s body, and two curving chains of stars define upswept wings. Be aware that the critter is positioned with head to the lower right. This will be the same in binoculars, but your telescope will flip things around depending on the type. It is located by taking Navi and Ruchbah and making them the two vertices of a right angle triangle. The cluster sits at the third vertex, where the 90 degree corner is. It’s about four finger widths to the lower right of Navi — as if the queen is bouncing a baby owl on her knee!

The cluster was discovered by William Herschel in 1787 and is more than 7,900 light-years away! Other astronomical names for the object include NGC 457 (from the New General Catalogue) and Caldwell 13.
Click to expand...

Has anyone been to NGC 457? I don't recall that one off the top of my head. May not be relevant.

EDSM - Elite Dangerous Star Map
The Galactic Positioning System of Elite: Dangerous at your service.
www.edsm.net
Last edited: Aug 24, 2019
Reactions:
Ursus the Bear