Jorki Rasalas
Nov 6, 2020
#19,639
The theory that Raxxla is located within the bubble is not Drew Wagar’s alone! Given the in-game first reported date it must be within the bubble to be consistent with the game lore and fsd ranges of that time; however FD could have ignored that & put it anywhere in the galaxy (MB told us it’s within the galaxy, DB told us it’s within the game; if you don’t believe either of those statements then why are you participating in this thread?). I don’t believe it’s placed randomly in the galaxy; I don’t think either DB or MB would do that, they love the game too, it’s their easter egg & it will be located compliant with game lore.

Moreover we have the rumour that MB said at a closed meeting that the system in which Raxxla is located was visited by someone who didn’t notice it!
So:
This rumour is untrue OR
IF it is true then:
Raxxla is in a system that has already been visited (though the discoverer may have died before selling data to UC so it may still be “undiscovered”); note that explorers got out into the galaxy quite early, so this “fact” does not localise it, could be in-bubble or anywhere else
OR
Raxxla was not within sensor detection range at that time & so was not observed (either short/intermediate range scanner, or it is far away from the system entry point); a comet or similar body might also fit here
OR
Raxxla is a/in/on a permit-locked body (e.g. Triton in Sol system)
OR
Raxxla is in a system that is permit-locked but the pilot had already acquired that permit, but the rest of us have not (not convinced by this one, though Sol, Sirius etc would fit). EDIT: I struggle to find a reason for some of those attainable system permits!
OR
Raxxla is in a system that was permit-locked after it had been visited
OR
Raxxla is disguised as a commonplace body that looks innocuous & has not been fully tested.

The latter possibility could include an fsd jump transition point hidden in a black hole, or NS or WD, or even a set of interior station landing lights (this might be indicated by the “Raxxla icon”??). There are probably some other possibilities I haven’t thought of, any suggestions welcomed!

Since DB stressed in a livestream that it is in-game, but we don’t know what it is then I suspect the latter possibility.

As for permit-locked systems it has always seemed strange that FD put out an early change note that said valuable military convoys had been put into some systems that are now permit-locked; the implication is that the system was locked afterwards or the permit can be obtained somehow, possibly as part of the Dark Wheel storyline?

There are far too many possibilities for anyone to say categorically that Raxxla is not (or is not yet) in-game. That is a belief system that I don’t subscribe to, there is no logical argument that supports it.
Last edited: Nov 7, 2020
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, Fiera and [PS4] Filthymick420