Jorki Rasalas
Feb 18, 2023
#29,240
Darrack said:
Ah i was referring to the ruins of the old city of Cambridge on Earth but yes i see it could lead to a station in the current systems we have.
May have a nosy around Pollux again when im back in the bubble, seems ive been there before but cant remember why.

O7
Pollux?
From my notes on my (failed) Gravitational Wave source hypothesis, which diverged a little as these things tend to:
Jewel on brow - Gem: Gemini is abbreviated to “Gem” & most are targets for amateur astronomers! DB has an interest in astronomy! Gem contains several deep space objects including M35, NGC 2392, Medusa Nebula. Brightest is Castor, a sextuple star, 52ly; second is Pollux (but confusingly called alpha gem), an orange giant, 34 ly. Gamma Gem (Alhena), 105 ly. Delta Gem (Wasat) is a long period binary, 59ly, divisible in medium amateur telescopes. Epsilon Gem (Mebsuta) is a double. Zeta Gem (Mekbuda) is a double star, primary a Cepheid variable yellow supergiant, 1,200ly. Eta Gem (Propus, but in-game only single star!) is a binary 380ly in Jellyfish Neb. Kappa Gemis a binary star 143ly. Nu Gemis a double star 550ly. 38 Gem is a binary 84ly. U Gem ( in-game? V* V393 Gem is different star!) is a dwarf nova cataclysmic variable (White dwarf & orbiting red dwarf), Gaia DR2 data states 305 ly. Mu Gem (Tejat/Tejat Posterior) is the back foot of Castor. Gemingais a NS at 550ly. DN Geminorumor Nova Geminorum 1912 was a classical novawhich lit up in 1912. a close binary starsystem. 4,500ly. Gaia DR2. May have affected Einstein’s work on gravitational lensing, but in-game?

(The jewel could be Sol (there’s a galnet reference, so possibly hint to first clue), which leads to Mother Gaia faction, perhaps a hint to Gaia satellite which is a 21Century observatory which is conducting detailed measurements on many astronomical objects and might conceivably be the source of a Raxxla detection if that is some form of space anomaly; DR2 is its second published Gaia data catalogue).

I visited all Gemini systems that I could find in-game but found nowt.
But then, since we don't know what we’re looking for, how do we recognise it when if we find it?

Personally, I fancied Delta Gemini, Wasat as in “whaaaaats thaaaaat?”, but cant remember the film reference
Last edited: Feb 18, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae, SergMx, Blaggerdy and 2 others