Jorki Rasalas
Apr 28, 2020
#16,227
Viking_in_Oz said:
I don't post here very often (if at all), being more content to read what's going on and to follow the thread's ramblings.

However, making it to Triple Elite is a major achievement. Congratulations!!

Many thanks for all the well wishes I’ve received!
Thargoid scout bashing seems to be the easiest most efficient way to get combat elite as they’re all elite-ranked and you get 2 to 8 in an NHSS instance (threat 3 to 4) & they’re not too difficult to kill, though it’s not profitable-10kCr war bond each covers repairs but won’t make you rich. Celaeno is a good place, local shipyard fr delivery of gunship & stored equipments, and goids can spawn quite close to the station. I didn’t die at all during my push from 0% Deadly, though did have 33kCr repair bills a couple of times. Those caustic missiles the Berserkers fire are a pain, don’t know if PDS would be effective against them, and inevitably occasionally you end up flying through their caustic debris cloud (though they groan loudly just before expiring so you get a chance to avoid most of the time). So I did ship out a Caustic damage repair limpet controller I had stored in Shin Dez and swapped out a class 3 hull reinforcement for cargo hold to carry 4 repair limpets. I found aiming the fixed gauss canons was difficult, even in a krait mk2, at close range you cant track the goids fast enough so tended to shoot at medium range and left the gimballed beam laser and AX MC to finish the targets off. I found if I dropped into an instance with a couple of transport ships (likely carrying UA) and waited about 1Km away for the goids to drop in I could sometimes target them before they actually appeared and they are a little slow at that point so the first kill was easy on those occasions. If I can figure out how to put up a video I have one or two that may be of interest, but I record in 1920x1080 so the file sizes are large.

The quickest way (6%/hour reported) to combat elite seems to be killing elite security eagles at a checkpoint in an anarchy system in Outbreak state, but I tried that once & in an armoured corvette the heat was too much for my aged reflexes.

Edit: the easiest way (and most profitable but probably slowest) I think would be BH at CNB or haz res letting local police ships first soften up the targets.
Last edited: Apr 28, 2020
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, alexzk and [PS4] Filthymick420