Vetinari
V
Apr 29, 2020
#16,238
Jorki Rasalas said:
PP has never appealed to me; the characters seem flat and the mechanisms pointless (to me). The trouble is that FD seem to be thin on the ED author skill set since MB moved away. They should have taken up DW’s offer to help.

Im only doing it for the weapons, I have tried to 'get into' it but just cant, I tried my best but its just a no goer, dunno what the solution is though.

DW has enough of an ego problem as it is, last thing we need is him officially writing bits for the game. Power corrupts, absolute power corrupts absolutely and when he threw his toys out of the pram because a mod correcty pointed out that he had a conflict of interest I was done. Then to say 'vote with your clicks' meaning take a side either his or fdev, well that was another final straw. Dunno if you saw the latest lore tour vid but its basically an advert for his ED books and his non-ED books, not what I was expecting at all to be honest. Don't get me wrong I watch vids all the time where the person has been paid or given the game to 'test' (advertise) but theyre always up front about it and say it explicitly in the first minutes of the vids so I have no problem with that.

Jorki Rasalas said:
I think we’re due for the major goid invasion come the next release, with humanity fleeing the bubble and fighting a guerrilla war from Colonia (this part of the long term plan was leaked about four years ago!).

Careful what you wish for Theres 3 possibilities if they 'invade' the bubble.

1. The pew-pew option that people go on about, humanity has to fight a guerrilla war against the Thargs
2. They take away our weapons and we have to trade billions and billions of tons of materials and commodities to rebuild some bases so we can start again, lots of mining and trading required, say for a year or so - no pew-pew involved.
3. They chase us out of the bubble and we have to find 1m new Earthlike Worlds to inhabit meaning lots and lots of exploring - no pew-pew involved.

Given how many people don't like pew-pew it would be stupid for fdev to make that the only option and lose 2/3 of the players. Also means new players would be at a distinct disadvantage and probably wont pay to get the game in the first place.

If anything the New Era could be contact wit the friendly thargs and go from there with a mix of all 3 but no way we get chased out of the bubble and the engineers etc and only have tedious repetitive ABC pew-pew.
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, Lest and [PS4] Filthymick420