Lest
Apr 30, 2020
#16,240
Vetinari said:
Careful what you wish for Theres 3 possibilities if they 'invade' the bubble.

1. The pew-pew option that people go on about, humanity has to fight a guerrilla war against the Thargs
2. They take away our weapons and we have to trade billions and billions of tons of materials and commodities to rebuild some bases so we can start again, lots of mining and trading required, say for a year or so - no pew-pew involved.
3. They chase us out of the bubble and we have to find 1m new Earthlike Worlds to inhabit meaning lots and lots of exploring - no pew-pew involved.

Given how many people don't like pew-pew it would be stupid for fdev to make that the only option and lose 2/3 of the players. Also means new players would be at a distinct disadvantage and probably wont pay to get the game in the first place.

If anything the New Era could be contact wit the friendly thargs and go from there with a mix of all 3 but no way we get chased out of the bubble and the engineers etc and only have tedious repetitive ABC pew-pew.
Click to expand...

We could also befriend a renegade group of Thargs and help them to push back the hostile ones out of the Galaxy. I read some posts about a war within those guys (official lore or speculation?) which could benefits humans.
That would create trading, fighting, exploration,... to support the war effort. Bring some new dark stuff on Aegis, and why not give some clues about Raxxla (if linked to the Thargoids)/Witchspace navigation. If those rebels are a thing, and they're losing their civil war, they would probably not mind getting allies, share knowledge (adding new modules, weapons and ships) and even integrate Human/Guardian techs to their own.
That doesn't mean they won't turn against human once freed from their enemy and buffed with Humans/Guardian tech. So we still got a nemesis to fight against - A hive mind would, most likely, not trust the unreliability of separate entities that behave independently and according to their unique past experience.

Of course the above is just pure speculations.
Reactions:
bluecrash, Machina Ergo Sum, Vetinari and 1 other person