Jorki Rasalas
Apr 29, 2020
#16,237
PP has never appealed to me; the characters seem flat and the mechanisms pointless (to me). The trouble is that FD seem to be thin on the ED author skill set since MB moved away. They should have taken up DW’s offer to help.

I went through Dangerous in a Corvette at the CNB about 17ly from Shinrarta.

I sympathise. I advocated non-aggression tactics with Thargoids and trying to communicate from the outset, at the time when FD hinted there was a choice to make. I thought it would be cool to have a game with ED’s potential which was not based on alien bashing. But never saw any signs of a choice and in any case the pew pew brigade spoilt that possibility. Since goids started hyperdictions, and attacking stations/ships/settlements I’ve stood my ground; I think the underlying game philosophy has always been about bashing goids, it’s based on the original game after all! (in those days there were only scouts and they had the tharglets swarm, nasty little bug. rs). I think we’re due for the major goid invasion come the next release, with humanity fleeing the bubble and fighting a guerrilla war from Colonia (this part of the long term plan was leaked about four years ago!). But since there is now (finally!) the xenological studies facility out at Colonia I guess eventually we’ll be able to communicate with the goids, though fully expecting the threat then to shift towards rogue AI or one of the other alien species scattered around (since there are multiple separate permit-locked areas). I have long suspected the goids were originally supposed to be homed in Bovomit sector, but with the Salomé FRift storyline FD moved goids to Col70. Hence the (relatively) late locking of Col70 and the mysterious threat hinted at in the FRift base logs. The Pleiades cluster is conveniently placed for either location.

@Filthymick: sorry mate, misunderstood what you were saying. I got bored with conventional conflict zones, especially when they penalised me for continuing to kill the enemy just because they had accepted defeat!
Last edited: Apr 29, 2020
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum and [PS4] Filthymick420