CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 23, 2022
#27,495
alexzk said:
scrolled. checked responses. scrolled.
looks like u still have no idea

I will remind - it was 120 years between 1st try to go to stars + 1st mention of RAXXLA.
So radius is darn short.
if u count miss jumps. then u must count at least 1/2 of this to get radio back to make "RAXXLA" word.
And we have fixed point WHEN raxxla was mentioned.
Faraway does not exist in 2296 and yet the era of rapid expansion/colonization began in 2230 per "Early Colonies" beacon in Delta Pavonis. From the GalNet "Galactic News: Hyperspace" there is this important snippet:

"Hyperspace technology originated in the early 22nd Century, but it wasn't until the 2800s that consumer ships began to take advantage of it."

"The first commercially available hyperspace system was known as the 'Faraway Jump'. The Faraway system was far from perfect, however, depending on a complex network of monitoring satellites, branch lines, stop points and rescue stations – which took hundreds of years to establish – to operate smoothly."
---
In other words, Faraway isn't going to cut it as an explanation. Also, from a pure chronological perspective we settled Arcturus in 2304 which is 36.71 LY from Sol. However, on the flip side of the that, Marlin Duval reached Achenar by about 2250 (with pre-hyperspace technology no less). Faraway may or may not exist given quirium could have possibly been another name for hydrogen fuel. That, though, is kind of irrelevant given 2296 predates Faraway by just over 500 years. Also, on a side note, considering it takes modern CMDRs something like 6 months (or less with fleet carriers) to get to the center of the galaxy, I'm still not certain that the "Early Colonies" beacon actually manages to limit the search region. If the fuel humans have always used is hydrogen fuel, the discovery could be well outside of civilized space since if fuel scoops (they were present in first game) were a thing there is no real limit beyond jump ranges, fuel capacity, and ability to get fuel in the black. At this point, our single best leads are the different types of star systems inhabited by other intelligent species in the galaxy (and how those systems age), the rumors in the game, and possibly Holdstock's works given Sol is in the lore of every game since the original (Lakon Spaceways Transporter was built in Sol in the first game).

For the record: I am not trying to be a pain in the ass (just realistic in what we can legitimately count on for certain). I'm merely trying to illustrate how very little we know and further how very little is assured. We have 66 years of what should probably be assumed nearly unconstrained expansion between 2230 to 2296. Also, keep in mind the first interstellar pre-hyperspace vessels left Sol in 2097. So, we actually have 199 years for Raxxla to be found. I really wish I wrong in saying this, but there are very few constraints on that explosive expansion.
Last edited: Oct 23, 2022