CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 22, 2022
#27,485
Allen Stroud said:
Okay, so this is a tricky one.

The discussions on establishing the background of Elite Dangerous did initially include some discussions about attempting to incorporate more of the Elite mileu into the Frontier Elite timeline. Dave Hughes was particularly keen on this. However, as this progressed, it was clear this wasn't going to happen. See my previous post about the Old World document.

All attempts to reconcile Elite with Frontier, beyond what you see in game and in the official fiction aren't viable. The tone of the first game is very different. The inclusion of the Old Worlds region and a tiny bit of the background (Jameson, ships, etc) are a retconned tribute and new narrative. Essentially, the Elite (original game) narrative, context and content has been cherry picked for things that were liked, and that could be included without disturbing the existing Frontier: Elite 2 context too much.

Some elements were carefully tweaked. I think when I wrote the Corporations document, I offered a narrative for pretty much every ship builder from the first game. Some got bought out, others went bust, others continued.

I would say clearly, any attempt to reconcile the main narrative of Elite (original) with Elite Dangerous beyond how it is already connected is only an exercise in personal canon. That's a perfectly viable exercise though. I wrote a paper about it some years ago:


There are some nice homages. T James wrote a Cobra Mark I into his book. Lave Revolution maps the timeline of the planet and explains what happened to the tree grubs, why Viper Mark Is and IIs were decommissioned ('coffin rockets') and even has a little reference to indigenous life on the planet.

So, I'm sorry, but other than as your personal narrative, there isn't a direct in game in fiction narrative explanation for Elite's original 1984 context being so different to the current game, because a decision was taken that it wasn't needed.
Click to expand...
Thanks for answering.