CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 24, 2022
#27,500
JT442 said:
Soontil is the creation of John Harper, and therefore not connected with Raxxla. Soontil Relics, sold by Robert Garry, are simply an easter egg as per all of the other book references. If you won't even listen to Allan Stroud about the origins of the lore, you're lost. Forget Elite 1, forget books. The ONLY references to Raxxla are in game, in the codex. Hell, Raxxla itself in Elite Dangerous might only be an easter egg reference to the first Novella in 1984 and the subsequent search lasting a decade, which proved utterly fruitless.
I really hope it is in game somewhere, and towards the end of the story, we might have a chance to find it... but you are not going to find anything other than a mental breakdown by linking every last thing to it. I speak from experience.
The problem with what you're saying here is you and many others forgot the most important part of the manual (the part where you are challenged with making changes on a grand scale). You were never meant to passively participate. Raxxla may not be directly covered but I can tell you there are locations mentioned you should take the time to visit in the game. The Children of Raxxla, Canonn Science, and many others were given a slate to be maximally creative with and you stopped believing in your power to impact the galaxy. Salomé died in a freak accident after making tons of friends, allies, and enemies but you and others stopped believing you could shape the galaxy. The only constant is change - sometimes it is good and sometimes not so good. I may not be in the squadron anymore, but I am one of the single biggest allies CoR will ever have. You should check out my new base at Wicca Town in Oltiqu/Hope/Gateway.

I am happy regardless of whether I am a member of CoR or any other group or just solo. I will be remembered as the CMDR that at the very least unified the lore of the series. My CMDR left their mark and name all over the galaxy and I'm not done, yet.

The relevant text from the manual is as follows:

You may be puzzled right now as to why you’ve just received this little windfall. Nothing wrong with that – I’d be worried if you weren’t.

But now get ready for lesson number one. When a golden opportunity comes your way – and trust me, they’re few and far between, my friend – reach out and grab it with both hands. Sometimes it’s clever to ask questions, and sometimes it’s not. This time it’s not.

All you need to know is that my organisation has a very specific remit: to seek out those who have the potential to become real movers and shakers, those precious few with the talent to mould and shape the galaxy around them, to create change on a grand scale.

We find them, and then we test them. Consider this your test.

Take the ship. Take the money. No strings, no hidden clauses. Do with them what you will.

Blaze your own trail. Impress me, perhaps you’ll learn more.

A Friend

---
Most of us are members of the Elite Pilots' Federation. It's high time to act the part.