Jorki Rasalas
Oct 22, 2022
#27,492
Only if you assume that the Raxxla rumour is based on someone actually physically finding something, which then became the source of the rumour, but wouldn't it then have quickly become common knowledge?...I have reconsidered the logic and IMHO (& the basis of my current hypothesis) it is far more likely that Raxxla was detected (i.e. some form of anomalous behaviour) astronomically.

Let us consider the possibilities for the source of the rumour. The earliest recorded mention of Raxxla in 2296 was 16 years after alien artefact found on Mars, & 4 years after Marlin Duval founded the independent Republic of Achenar (139ly from Sol), so:
A) If detected by a pilot or unmanned probe early in the timeline? Should be say, 600 ly maximum from Sol, however this area has been well surveyed, although if hidden (e.g. as a comet or something quite ordinary in the ED universe) then it may not have been noticed as such.
B) if detected astronomically by telescope? Could be at very long range but why isnt there more rumour around? Would an anomalous astronomical detection receive much public interest? Especially if squashed by knowledgeable forces (e.g. The Club)?
C) If the rumour started from information gleaned from the Mars Artefact? Raxxla could be anywhere within maybe 20,000+ ly (assuming it’s Guardian).

The era of the first mention of Raxxla (2296) is such that long range hyperspace travel was unlikely (typical max range 7 ly until Type 2b drives arrived in 3174) and such hyperspace travel as they had at that time was not widely available.

So there's a possibility that Raxxla is close to Sol but hidden or perhaps a very long supercruise journey might be implied. Or else it was detected by some form of astronomical observation but beyond realistic hyperspace travel at the time.

The latter seems far more likely! Especially since the Toast emphasises the Mother of Galaxies. This could be the Milky Way (which has many satellite galaxies/clusters), or it could be the vain mythological Queen Cassiopeaia since her daughter was named Andromeda (i.e. a nearby galaxy), but note that only one daughter is named, so how come the plural “galaxies”?

There is a third option here... Mother Gaia. Gaia was the Greek goddess of Earth, Mother of all life, and also of Uranus...the sky (i.e. galaxies!). Gaia was believed by some sources to be the original deity behind the Oracle at Delphi (see Omphalos). She is also emphasised as an in-game faction in Sol (so perhaps one of the “clues in the in-game storyline” of Raxxla?). However there is also a further interpretation (& IMHO far more likely given DB’s love of astronomy which is well documented)- a satellite space telescope (Global Astrometric Interferometer for Astrophysics) of the European Space Agency, launched in 2013 and expected to operate until 2025. The spacecraft is designed for astrometry: measuring the positions, distances and motions of stars with unprecedented precision, targeting objects brighter than magnitude 20 in a broad photometric band that covers the extended visual range between near-UV and near infrared.

So, perhaps the unseen FD lore bible says that Raxxla was an astronomical anomaly discovered by the Gaia satellite, in which case it could rightly be described in the first line of the toast. And...it could be a loooong way from Sol!

Satellite launched in 21st Century, & first rumour report dated in 23rd Century-plenty of time for an anomalous astronomical observation that couldn’t be confirmed (by direct travel given fsd limitations at the time) to have mutated into an urban myth, especially if some cabal (The Club) was intent on hiding it and manipulating the media.

Edit: this is just part of my current hypothesis. Not yet ready to reveal it in full, there’s a few systems I want to check first, but there’s a fair bit of travelling involved & my right wrist is really painful at the moment!
Last edited: Oct 22, 2022
Reactions:
Cunder, Han_Zen and Rochester