CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 23, 2022
#27,498
Archon Valec said:
Your ideas were NOT deemed "tOo DaNgErOuS" for us, they were deemed "full of B.S." & "grasping at straws, straws unrelated to anything related to the game"... hell you tried (and failed) to convince us the damn loading screen was a clue just because "TrIaNgLeS!!!1!!"... you spammed walls of disconnected incoherent text across our discord relentlessly, and refused to listen to anyone else, especially those who have vastly more experience, who have already been down the rabbit holes and could offer guidance, and who were trying to reign in your ramblings into something somewhat close to reality... and you left voluntarily, after multiple warnings and a demotion, mere minutes before we booted you anyways.
For the record, I was looking at ship UI because the entire Thargoid narrative does not make sense fundamentally (and this can be shown just from lore in Elite Dangerous - nevermind the old lore that further contradicts this narrative). Per GalNet entitled "Galactic News: Hyperspace" we have that Faraway came about 2800s. Now, the Codex has two dates for INRA - 3125 (this is also entensively covered in Elite Encounters RPG) and 3193 (the joint superpower initiative is officially formed per Codex Thargoids > Human-Thargoid Contact). This means even if you take rumors of first Thargoid interactions in system description at LHS 6309 (2959) there is no conceivable way we met Thargoids before we had full hyperspace capabilities as of 2230 per "Early Colonies" beacon in Delta Pavonis. Simply put: Raxxla and Faraway predate anything even conceivably related to Thargoids. There is one other problem (and for this we must cite the situation at the beginning of the first game), that Lave was a dictatorship. This seems like it should be the least consequential piece of knowledge ever but that minor detail is critically important. For Lave to be a dictatorship, it must be sometime between 3174 and December 31st. 3199 per the "History of Lave" beacon due to the letter in Frontier/First Encounters which is dated December 31st, 3199. You see the Thargoids disappeared in following the First Thargoid War and were never detected again even by Project Equinox and GCS Saravasti :

From PROJECT EQUINOX MONITORING LOG 3155.12.27:
It just doesn’t make sense, the whole purpose of this program was to monitor for any signs of a resurgent Thargoid presence, but since ’51, there’s been nothing. Zero. Nada. Zilch. You’d think even as badly as they got beaten the first time around there’d still be sightings on the fringe, crackpot lone explorers reporting octagonal ships in some far-flung corner of frontier space. But so far, every single Project Equinox monitoring station hasn’t even caught so much as a wake signature or a whiff of thruster exhaust.

---
So, what have we been fighting since the first game? It sure as hell doesn't seem to be Thargoids (unless those in the first game were mere Thargoid Scouts). Even then, why do we have "Thargoids" in the first game when they supposedly left in 3151? I don't have the answers, but if you piece it all together the entirety of the Thargoid narrative appears to a huge attempt at covering up whatever we are fighting and possibly even a cover up for the true nature of Raxxla itself. Raxxla is first known to be a rumor in 2296 which is centuries before Thargoids come into the picture. If our hyperdrive technology wasn't entirely human-made, then the only other candidate for reverse engineering is Guardian. We have no reason to trust anything from the Thargoid narrative up to and including Soontill. The only other species other than humans that use pictographs is the Guardians. If we cannot be intellectually honest with what the lore actually says, how do we expect to ever find Raxxla?