CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 22, 2022
#27,490
simulacrae said:
From reading Lave Revolution it was my assumption that Walden or one of the clones might have been responsible for the Soholian Plague
The journals in First Encounters implicate the Imperials but it is entirely possible both are true especially given there is a character formerly based in Imperial space that seems to predate even Peter Jameson. This same character is rather fond of the dreamware band Jjagged Bbanner. They are also mentioned in Elite Dangerous in connection to the initial auction of Soontill Relics at Ngurii.
Soontill Alien Artefacts to be Auctioned at Ngurii

Soontill is back in the news this week as fresh rumours have surfaced of alien items hitting the market in Ngurii.

It's been nearly two decades since Gallagher Restoration's auction of Soontill relics was discovered to be merely an outrageous publicity stunt. Although many high profile individuals were left red faced after the Phekda auction, most notably the band Jjagged Bbanner, it seems people still want to believe in the Thargoid legend. Indeed, several familiar names have already come forward enquiring about the new finds.

What gives the latest rumours more credence than previous claims is the fact that the source of the alien items is not just one individual or one group, but several different lone wolf pilots.

Is this another hoax?, Another stunt?
Click to expand...
Then we have the journal from First Encounters. Jaques, by the way, was listening to Jjagged Bbanner in "All that Glisters..."

NOVEL VIRUS AFFLICTS SETTLERS

M.C.S


Medical reports from the medical technicians of the Imperial Navy assigned to the Alliance world of Sohalia report a further outbreak of the Sohalian Fever affecting settlers in the region.


Symptoms are specific and are related to slow onset deterioration of the cardiovascular system. Affected individuals show progressive lethargy, pallor of the mucous membranes and chalky skin tones in those of caucasian human descent and reduced exercise tolerance, especially in low oxygen atmospheres.


Affected individuals have been taken on board the fleet hospital ship for exhaustive medical examination with full localised cardiac output measurements and internal cardioscopy via the ship-board conscious scan mechanisms.


All cardiac parameters are showing progressive deterioration and to date there is no obvious cause. This in turn means that no prophylactic treatment is available and there is no method of determining those at highest risk.


Surgical technicians are advocating full cardio-pulmonary transplant as the only viable treatment modality. On-board primate stocks are high and there is a good availability of hearts for transplant although the International Convention on Species Rights is being invoked by local settlers who are unwilling to accept organs from other species.


As an interim, affected individuals are being maintained within a high oxygen environment and are not being required to excercise. Alternative work options are being offerred to minimise risk to those with the most severe clinical signs.


Rumours abound in the region as to the cause of the disease with most credence being given to the release of a genetically engineered virus either by design or accident from the [Sh registered in the name of [Pn thought to have been in the vicinity recently.


The Imperial Naval spokes beings have so far failed to comment on the rumours.
Click to expand...
Reactions:
Han_Zen