Jorki Rasalas
Oct 2, 2020
#19,141
Vetinari said:
Star Cork - uncork and drink 12 bottles of Lavian Brandy at a Black Hole, dock at the nearest Fleet Carrier, wait 3 months and see what happens / where you are when you wake up?



I get hooked on those. Some are definitely tied to in-novel stories or lore. Some are connected to pmf descriptions or faction descriptions. Some seem to point at a certain system (those around Shin Des). Some are maybe tied to events that maybe happened in GalNet, or past in game events.

Which leaves some, I love them but boy are they confusing and annoying with no solid lead.....yet.

the one you show, my first thought is, is there an illegal installation or a pirate / anarchy installation orbiting one of the far planet?

Anything on the logs from the crashed ship? Inbox message? Still there are re-log? If not just flavour , you still get the money for handing in the data.

Oh, and look around nearby systems in GalMap, you may well find a few similar descriptions. I do love them and theyre easy to miss especially when more than 1 jump and dont bother looking at GalMap every jump.



Theres no actual proof of that. So far we have Empire saying they have evidence that 4 cargo ships docked from NMLA....we havent seen even that yet. Im never sure how much we are just supposed to take at face value for story without any evidence and how much we are supposed to question or 'see through'. We only have the one version and the reply / denial from the Marlinists, nobody from the NMLA has officially commented on this aspect, yet.
Click to expand...

Point of Order!
Empire is invading Eurybia, accusing Eurybia Blue Mafia of having links to NMLA and asserting that the explosives were created by Liz Ryder & delivered on cargo transports linked to the Eurybia Blue Mafia. There is no evidence supplied to support the hypothesis that EBM are Marlinists, or have links to them, nor that the explosives were so delivered or indeed created by Liz Ryder.

This may be a Club attempt to disrupt The Dark Wheel, assuming that Liz has hereditary links to TDW. Indeed it could be a Club response to Erlaed's anti-Club initiatives!
Reactions:
RaNaketh, PeteACarter, Vetinari and 1 other person