Jorki Rasalas
Jan 3, 2020
#14,460
Vetinari said:
@Jorki - hope the dog is OK, my own has been ill for a few weeks so I know how it is. If you don't have one its hard to realise how much they mean to us. Hope they find out what it is soon and can help.

To clarify, according to the Codex the original DW station was an abandoned station taken over by the DW and now runs on low power. My question is how it got abandoned and forgotten about in the first place before DW took it over and whether theres an in-game narrative for this. My own belief is that the low power and the Codex says its not findable until fdev want us to, like the Golconda, but I assume it is for the point of this thread. (hence my idea it could be in Sol hidden until turned on by fdev)
Assumption about DW formed after Raxxla - no firm evidence one way or another for me. Assumed they were partly set up to search for Raxxla (I got completely lost between old lore that they had found and lost it and current lore which to my knowledge makes no such claims at all and may imply it wasn't there before but no certainty at all) Happy to completely reverse this as it doesn't really change the overall theory. First date I can find for any DW reference is emergence of the one in SD in 3300, I currently cant find any dates before that but that's understandable narrative wise as its a secret organisation and could be deliberate. Implications that Jameson et al were DW but cant find solid dates in current lore. However, the alien device on Mars has been included in all versions of the lore and is one consistency, whys it there if its not going anywhere?

Who knows about Raxxa? - think about it. A graphics designer, sound engineer, visual effects or whatever team to design Raxxla. Agreed, a few people probably know what it is and what it looks like or sounds like. However theres no reason at all for them to know it is. They don't have to place it in game, that's one person job. Who is that person? My most likely candidate Michael Brookes with input from David Braben and probably A.N. other. Why would you tell a Community Manager the biggest game secret? MB implemented Drews Eurydice system from an Excel document with very little discussion with Drew, it was a surprise for him in effect to find it exactly as he imagined it. I don't know who had a say about where it was placed, Drew doesn't mention it specifically I don't think but it may be tied into his books narrative. Also DB intervened once in Drews storyline to say that an Earth like planet wouldn't exist in the orbit he had it placed around that type of star, that's a tiny detail that nobody would really notice but it mattered to DB, says a lot to me about the thinking behind it and the implications for the DW station and Raxxla could be significant, or may mean nothing at all.

Golconda makes it clear there doesnt have to be a narrative, thats the problem for me, it doesn't have to make sense, I just hope it does.
Click to expand...

Thanks mate, it’s worrying at the moment. Three seizures in two weeks, and all in the early hours of a Tuesday, weird! He had bloods taken a week ago and I’m still waiting to hear the results. A vet was supposed to phone me today! Now every night I’m waking up at any slightest sound; I’m shattered!

Yes, asteroid belt fits my current hypothesis. I had a potential breakthrough - I googled astronomy+lovers woe and found a New Scientist article (around 2012) on the cosmic dance of Cupid and Bellinda, two moons of Uranus doomed to collide. Uranus had a rather gruesome death at the hands of his Titan son Chronos; answers Parent’s Grief & Lover’s Woe! And I’m fairly sure DB would have read New Scientist... and it was written by Astrophile! but I’ve been honking there for 30 minutes & haven’t found anything...there’s a thin belt so presumably they’ve already collided! And it’s not the normal roid belt that throws you out of SC.
Reactions:
Hanerib