Vetinari
V
Jan 2, 2020
#14,441
We might be getting bogged down with details here, Corilolis/Orbis Skylab/Meir, the general principle is what I was referring to. Its a possible explanation for how and why the station was lost or abandoned and seemingly forgotten about while fitting in with in-game narrative which I hadn't managed to do before to my own satisfaction. (100% admit totally forgot about the Chinese one but doesn't change the overall theory)

And Ive also scoured Sol, but then I also scoured Upaniklis about 5 months ago so who knows....

Some people are trying to work out where it is based on the toast and ancient myths and legends, I'm trying to work out how it could be based on what I know of DB and how he wants the game to work and hoping that will provide some clues as to where....maybe. Theres a lot of info and game mechancis and depending on who wrote which bit should define how it works in game (at least to me anyway) eg a writer taking proper consideration of the lore would have to place Raxxla near or in the bubble unless some kind of mis-jump explanation is used to explain the unnavigable distances at that time. Drew Wagar has been very very helpful with his insights into how fdev worked with him and how they implemented his ideas and Eurydice into the game and I think the answer will be similar as to how it is implemented. I also know I could be 100% wrong but that's my Fernweh to chase

Only 18 years between 'announced' discovery on Mars and 1st mention of Raxxla though so that throws a spanner in my theory unless we have very very short memories in 3300s or it was kept quiet for 200 years before being announced. - this is the biggest hole in my theory to me but still 'acceptable' under current game narrative. And it may be on the right lines but not in the right place. I mean they could just say ' Oh yeah, it was a station setup to mine the asteroid field but then they depleted all the asteroids and abandoned the station, thats why its in that non-descript meaningless system', sucks but its their game.
Reactions:
yelboc and [PS4] Filthymick420