Noobilite
Feb 7, 2019
#5,823
Jorki Rasalas said:
There is absolutely no evidence as to the location of Raxxla, or even what it is, circumstantial or otherwise. We have been clearly told that there will be bo clues.

Everything known about Raxxla is detailed in the first post of this thread, with the sources to prove it; everything else is supposition, hypothesising, misinformation, personal belief, or wishful thinking. Some of the hypothesising has been based on lore reasoning on the fsd ranges which seems fairly reasonable.

FD have not said it has been honked, that is an urban myth/false news/trolling; iff anyone can find the official source for this then I will change my mind on this point and I’m sure Macros will be very willing to add it to the OP, but we have been demanding for this source over the duration of this thread and none has been supplied....please do not propagate unfounded myth.

We Raxxla has been in-game since the original gamma release, so it is a planet then it cannot be landable since Horizons brought that capability into the game; or at least it could not have been landable at the outset, but I guess FD could have updated it over time just as they upgraded the original FRift Zurara from a derelict Anaconda to a derelict megaship.

I personally do think FD would implement this important part of the game only to hide it behind a permit; that would not be playing fair with us. I think there is a way to find it, but it is clearly not straightforward (but since this is a personal belief I could of course be wrong, but I doubt it). I seem to remember someone, I think it might have been DB, in a recent livestream saying that the FSS might help in the location of Raxxla; I guess if that is a correct recollection then it was in the chapter 4 release vid.

Clearly FD will have put some reasonable effort into the creation of Raxxla, since it is so important to the player base. I think they will not have been constrained by what they have decided is non-canon lore, though I have difficulty in knowing what is, and what is not, now ED canon. I like the idea of a Borg-like textured planet, though I suspect it will turn out to be a derelict Coriolis station and the pic on the Codex will be either the entrance or an internal detail. I think there will turn out to be several people in FD who know about the details. Graphics dept, and probably sound dept, will have been involved in its design, as would Michael Brookes as the original Exec Producer and of course DB as the CEO and driving force. I can’t see these two guys doing everything themselves, however they may have been the ones to decide where it is located and how it might be discovered. They both seem to like puzzles, which gives me some level of confidence in my belief that there will be no permit lock but some tortuous puzzle.
Click to expand...

I question the thing about not being landable. Findable is one thing. But didn't they just modify existing planets to make it landable. AKA those currently landable planets were simply changes as they were. That does not equate to raxxla not being landable then. That would a bad search criteria. Unless that is not how it was applied in game.

Also, I just ran into the gnosis. Didn't realize there was a hoppable base in the game. That makes me wonder if that type of thing could be raxxla. Plus the idea that is so strongly pushed that thargoid can't be related... The origin of raxxla is giant lobster people outside of the game/lore. There could be some relationship to that. It's just a matter of potentially what.

I think it's possible they could have hid it in a permit if they had some really big story/time driven release as part of the game. Maybe this game we meant to soley go into raxxla as a story line or something. With that mindset it might be reasonable. Especially if the guardian/thargoid stuff all coalesces into raxxla in the end. But who knows.

I think the best way to find raxxla is to whittle everything else down. Basically search every other system in game until they are exhausted so it's easier to spot or find potentially. Say the labeling of all FSP planets. Figuring out if there are any oddities etc. Do they change names with the new system of controls for empires. AKA do we potentially need to help the federation gain control of things to see all 9999 numbers etc. That could be a mini game in itself. I have no ability/knowledge to organize such a thing though. Wouldn't know how to run a remote doc program or anything. Plus I use linux so I wouldn't have the same software as everyone else if that is an issue.

Is there a way to do what they did in starwars and test the system map against supposed gravity or other features. The games data is supposed to be based on real life to some degree. Maybe there is a way to look for it similarly. That could also be a cool method of exploration. Maybe we could pre identify all the huge systems in the game and they could be explored. I wish I knew how to do this myself. ><

Maybe if we analysed the system names. Could it reveal missing things based on similar? That is the one thing we have basically absolute reference to in game. It might make any other searching easier too.
Last edited: Feb 7, 2019