Noobilite
Feb 7, 2019
#5,825
I wrote that as I read it. I had only half read the sentence. Noticed that afterwords.

BTW, are there any similarities to the storylines or order/realease of story info in ED compared to older games. IT did come with the original. I never played them so I'm not familiar. Plus I just started playing ED. Maybe it has a george lucas like rhyming thing. I wonder if there were any modification to the free version we all got also. Maybe hints within it somehow. It would be funny if raxxla was findable in the version we got and all we have to do it play it and then find it in game.

Has anyone played through the version they gave us. I would be at a loss since I never played the original.

I also wonder if raxxla isn't something like felice dock with the front closed and with some sort of engines to let it jump around. That or some completely different station/ship type. That could be the reason for the image in the codex. Those 3 bars are the upside down version of the things in the system map. The outside image is potentially the back of a station. The inside of those 3 bars could be the symbol you are looking for on the system map when you see it. That is closest to the type of station at felice dock. Unless there is another one more similar.

BTW, does gnosis add more locations over time or is it really only 2 weeks from it's final destination?

And does anyone know of any UI element that is simply a full circle and a dot? I swear I've seen one but I can't find it.

SPOILER



This is the closest I've found. Are we supposed to pull a station out of hyperspace somehow. Maybe there is a station flying in supercruise somewhere. Is it possible it will turn out like a ship and not a station or planet? It would be harder to find that way.

I also have no idea what the 18 bars in the hexegon could be. The only similar thing I've seen are the 18 bars in a circle on the back of some station interiors.

Also, we need this in game: https://www.pcgamesn.com/take-look-these-beautiful-elite-dangerous-system-maps

Is there a target reticule in game with a tripple bar a circle and a single dot?

SPOILER


Oddly they are all upside down compared to the raxxla image.

Were there any reticules in the older games that match this? Maybe we have to look outside ED for clues.
Last edited: Feb 7, 2019