CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Aug 22, 2023
#31,321
Rochester said:
Where we’re going we’ll need eyes to see
Seeing isn't believing. Seeing is when belief is no longer even necessary. I will not let you repeat what got Canonn Science so damn jaded.

No, you need to tell your brain to be quiet. You are definitely overthinking here. Has anyone actually laid eyes on Jaques since he supposedly left? No. In "...All that Glisters" he is mounted to a wheel track in Peter's Base in Facece. He could not have gone with the new Jaques Station. That is misdirection.

Lave is heaven and is one highest points of human systems. Earth/Sol was only important insofar as the old lore is trustworthy. Sol is where the Martian Relic is discovered. A few ships are developed there but that's it. Does Sol appear in first game? No. Does GalRoute one go in the direction of Sol? Also, no.

Edelgard von Rhein said:
I think that Raxxla being a 'place but not a place' suggests that you cannot just select a system on the Galaxy Map, jump to it and supercruise there like it was a space station. If it was like that then, once found, there would be no 'personal journey'
There was the whole epic journey to figure out what was real. That was the journey.



Maps from Oolite are a copy of the original. Therefore, go to Lave (if you have the Facece permit) and set a course for Facece. Jaques developed the Coriolis. We know this from "..All that Glisters..". The Soontill myth is based on Raxxla because Soontill Relics were bi (jade) discs from Earth. To reiterate: Jaques could not go with Jaques Station because his feet are embedded in a track at Peter's Base.



This is how "..All that Glisters.." ended:

“If you’re so keen on seeing space again, and you own half an orbit station, why don’t you just sell up and buy a fancy ship and head off now?”

“Oh, I couldn’t do that!” exclaimed Jaques. “I’ve got too much invested in this place, I need its facilities for repairs and I’m very comfortable here.” He glanced down at his cylindrical base, slotted into the floor track.

“You might even say I’ve become attached to the place.”
Reactions:
Darrack