CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Aug 22, 2023
#31,336
Rochester said:
Abroin Universal PLC
From 28 Jul 3303 "Abroin Universal Campaign Concludes":

“We have been brought into contact with an intelligent, space-faring species. Just think of what we could learn from them! With luck, this outpost will herald a whole new era of scientific research.”

From 05 Aug 3303 "Joint Superpower Initiative Launched"

In recent weeks, a number of programmes have been launched to gather further information about the Thargoids. While the Federation has established an outpost in HIP 17692 to monitor Thargoid activity, independent organisation Abroin Universal PLC recently completed a campaign to amass material for a research centre in the Pleiades Nebula.

From 21 Jul 3303 "Community Goal: Pleiades Research Outpost"

One such voice belongs to Abroin Universal Plc, which has announced plans to establish a research outpost in the Pleiades Nebula – one of the centres of Thargoid activity.

A spokesperson for the organisation said:

“The Thargoids are active principally in the Pleiades Nebula, so we are eager to establish a research outpost there. As Edmund Mahon said, there is potentially a great deal we could learn from them. Hopefully this new outpost will let us do just that.”

Abroin Universal Plc has placed an open order for Semiconductors, Lithium and Energy Grid Assemblies for use in the construction, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Campbell Horizons in the Abroin system. The organisation placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure those delivering material to Campbell Horizons can do so safely.

No details on exact location. However, this was Alliance driven which means the only candidate is Cooper Research Centre in HIP 19072.
Cooper Research Centre in HIP 19072 - station | Elite:Dangerous | INARA
The companion site for Elite:Dangerous with the game database, market data, trade routes, outfitting, engineers, blueprints, crafting, Thargoid war, squadrons, logbooks, galleries, galaxy information and much more...
inara.cz

Cooper being President Eugene Cooper of Pleiades Resource Enterprise (PRE sites), Cooper Research Associates, Cooper Industries, and Cooperworld in Aymiay amongst others (home to Revised Catholic Mission based additionally in Beta Hydri and Olympic Village, Mars). After a vote of no confidence, he now works for the Alliance.

Was PRE a supplier for the Overlook megaship and thus Azimuth Biotech in HIP 22460? If not Azimuth Biotech, what about Black Flight?

The answer re: Black Flight a resounding, "YES". From "Hyford's Cache Reveals mysterious project":

“Commander Hyford spoke of making deliveries to a nameless organisation in the Pleiades, and left a data cache in the Colonia system that provided further details. Hyford’s Cache, as some investigators referred to it, had remained locked until a manually-set timer system finally expired last week. The information within has apparently directed pilots to investigate the HIP 26176 system.”

“It’s possible that Kit Fowler’s recent theories regarding Black Flight – another old mystery – might prove relevant after all. But there are bigger questions that need answering. Who was Hyford working for? Were they responsible for causing his ship to crash? And if so, what secrets were they trying to keep?”
Last edited: Aug 22, 2023