Edelgard von Rhein
E
Aug 22, 2023
#31,332
OK, I'm not going to ES Cancri today! I have possibly been there, as I was on the Distant Stars expedition in 3303 and also revisited once on the anniversary of the expedition a couple of years ago. We knew it would be a one-way trip when we went out there and I suspect the tourist beacon is one placed in homage to the expedition (the Anaconda's graveyard I think is another). Elysium is another name for the Cancri Cluster iirc (but it has been over six and a half years so my memory might not be too reliable).

Today I made a journey from Lave to Facece, stopping by Shinrarta Dezhra en route (picked up some Lavian Brandy and Waters of Shintara to help make it worthwhile ). The most interesting system on the journey was Firdaus, with the station Robert Aitken Orbital being in an extremely tight orbit of its gas giant parent. I have been there a few times and had already scanned the tourist beacon 'Storm Cloud'. There was nothing else of particular note on my route.

Facece itself has numerous tourist beacons. Tourist Spots 0149 (Military Base Established), 0030 (Arissa Lavigny- Duval Birthplace (with a space after the hyphen)), 0690 (The Reclamation of Facece), 0150 (Hender's Ascension), 0234 (IDC - Keeping the Empire Safe) and 0155 (Chancellor Blaine). I visited all and docked at Peter's Base, in orbit of Topaz (Jaques was not the bartender, it was someone called Scott Lancaster) and sold my Waters of Shintara (saved the Lavian Brandy for BGS work).

Just after I scanned The Reclamation of Facece I was attacked by an Elite-ranked pirate called Prometheus in a Krait MkII that used a GU-97 fighter against me - it was after my rares. Both ships used beam lasers that got through a large proportion of my multirole Python's shields but I focused on the mothership and got 880 KCr in bounty for it.

A few things I noted about the tourist beacons:
dates:
3104 permanent military training base established, Peter's Wreck
3114 this base was some how 'tested' by researchers at Nesbitt Landing, Alioth demonstrating substantial innovations in robotic manufacture and production. This seems odd to me and to name the station and system so specifically? Worth a visit.
3145 Imperial Courier developed. It was the first Imperially-funded ship design to appear in 'several hundred years'.
3243 Arissa Lavigny-Duval born in this system
3283 Anders Blaine, then Senator of Facece, made Chancellor by Hengist Duval
3302 Arissa Lavigny-Duval crowned Emperor
3302, July 2nd The Empire Party regained control of Facece. I think is a reference to when players briefly changed the ruling party of the system.
Reactions:
StuBaDub, Macros Black, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person