Rochester
Aug 23, 2023
#31,340
As above so below a possible triad of goddesses

Whilst looking over my mapping of the ‘Older gods’ and layering them with the path of Brookes Galactic Tours, there is an interesting potential association with a hypothetical triad of goddesses in the underworld.

Firstly we have a suspected association with the Demeter, Artemis and Hecate triad being potentially referenced in Brookes ‘Legacy’ this I presume is allusion to the myth of Persephone, which in game leads us to the underworld / lost realms area, which I believe is reflected in the Codex via ‘Cora comes home’.

Secondly, in relation to my Lost Realms hypothesis; Robert Holdstock’s book, of the same name, does make a number of references to the tri-partite goddess, utilising a number of similar names… I am still in the process of mapping this book in more depth but I came across the correlation below independently.

The following link shows the ‘older gods’ shown in game: https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10198372

In the diagram below the first path of Brookes Galactic Tour is shown in relation to these older gods, this path intersects an area surrounded by three female goddesses.



Idunn - Norse goddess, of fertility, also known as Freyja. She possesses the Eski a wooden box for personal goods, which she uses to hold the apples of eternal youth, the food of the gods, she resided in Asgard. The apples may also be known as the Apples of Hel; she may also be known as the guardian goddess of the life-giving fruit of the ‘other-world’. Note Avalon and various other Irish or Celtic Otherworlds are linked to a general concept of a ‘land of apples’. Idunn was also abducted in one of the Norse mythologies, which may have similarities with Persephone!

Dana - Celtic goddess, of fertility, also known as Anu and Danu or Don. Shes revered as the mother of the ‘Tuatha Dé Danann’, a race of supernatural beings in Irish mythology (Old Irish: "The peoples of the goddess Danu” aka ‘People of Danann’. Possibly a mother , earth and river goddess, there exists no direct historical references to Dana but it’s believed she is a call back to Danube, a major European river that Celtic tribes would have followed during their early migrations. Her Roman versions may be Gia or Demeter, but there are no direct associations.

Epona - Celtic goddess, of fertility, horse goddess, linked to the Arcadian mysteries as a version of Demeter. In Holdstock’s Lost Realms he attributes that King Aurthur rode under the banner of Epona as a moon goddess.
Last edited: Oct 13, 2023
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian