John Stoutbeard
Mar 13, 2020
#15,655
On a totally absolutely unrelated note, Journeys, travellers, myths and legends and all of that.

I noticed an article on Inara "Galpedia", the infomercial about ingame names on the right hand side there.
A portuguese explorer has been credited in ports & outpost names. Kind of curious, because mostly it's about famous scientists, mathematicians, writers and such.
Code:
Galpedia
Alvise Cadamosto
Related stations: Cadamosto Terminal (Audheim),
Cadamosto Market (Sigma Pegasi), Cadamosto Survey (Ngin),
Cadamosto Orbital (Jukate), Cadamosto Prospect (G 69-11),
Cadamosto Dock (Kokoller), Cadamosto Survey (Grabil),
Cadamosto Barracks (Col 285 Sector PQ-R b19-6),
Cadamosto Arsenal (Lan Disk), Cadamosto Silo (Almudja)

And nothing else can be linked to the name Cadamost. In a blink of an eye I'm down the rabbithole ...

Thus I learned a few things:
* Cadamosto and the exploration era, how he discovered the Pole Star. And an island what is known as Dog Island.
The Navigazioni and collaboration with Prince Henry the Navigator who chased the myth of Prester John.
Prester John, References to Marco Polo (another great traveller, of course), who have some weak links to Prester John.
Prester John early legends is believed to be: "Acts of Thomas provided the first seeds of the legend" (also known as the Twin)
Further, Wolfram von Eschenbach tied the history of Prester John to the Holy Grail legend in his poem Parzival, in which the Prester is the son of the Grail maiden and the Saracen knight Feirefiz
Parzival who has passages to King Arthur and the holy grail
Just a passage I found interesting:
Parzival heals the Fisher King Anfortas and becomes the new Grail King. It is revealed that Feirefiz cannot see the Holy Grail because he is not a Christian. He agrees to be baptised if it will help him in love, and as soon as he renounces his heathen god Jupiter, he can see the Grail. He marries the Grail bearer Repanse de Schoye, and after celebrating Parzival's coronation, Feirefiz and his new wife return to his lands in the east. Repanse gives birth to Prester John, and they preach Christianity through their kingdom.
Note: Quite a lot of Fisher ports & outposts (can be quite many different references)
* Corbenic (Carbone[c]k, Corbin) is the name of the Grail castle, the edifice housing the Holy Grail
Note: Also a Corbenic system

* From Perceval:
There are possible parallels in Perceval with the Irish mythological race of the Tuatha Dé Danann. The race has three central talismans- a spear, a cauldron, and a sword- that correlate with the spear, grail, and sword present in Perceval
* "the folk of the goddess Danu"
Note: Also a Danu system

Okai I have to stop reading. Information overflow.
So here we have Portugese explorers, Pole Star, The Holy Grail, King Arthur, Prester John

At first I find no references to ingame places. But later we start seeing both references to the Holy Grail as well as some obscure Irish Godess.
Why all these obscure ingame references?

Time for a break, do some flying and let the mind rest. o7
Last edited: Mar 13, 2020
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, yelboc, Rochester and 3 others