Darth Ender
D
Mar 31, 2022
#25,784
Thatchinho said:
It was a conclusion people jumped to, not new canon, AFAIK.

I never thought it made particular sense, given that it was around 150 years or more between the reverse engineering of the Thargoid tech and the FSD entering production.

The reverse engineering of Thargoid tech fitted more timing-wise with the type 2a hyperdrive.

Then again, there are some potential reconciliations of the dates. The first reverse engineered Thargoid drives were fatal to human pilots - basically turning them inside out - so maybe it took all that time to resolve. Or maybe Sirius etc. just kept the tech to themselves for a long time.
Click to expand...

Organic technology -> machine based technology would take some time i would assume to mimic and adapt. Especially with a limited sample.

Then with it stolen and given to Sirius, they would have to get a team together figure out where the allience team left off in the process and then finish it. This would be a tiny team to avoid any info leaking about the source of the stolen tech.

the reverse engineering of thargoid's jump drive system was happening still by inra just prior to mycoid being released. It's almost certain this would have continued at INRA until it was stolen. The best date idea we can have for this is likely not too long before 3250 when soon after, Sirius would show up with a revolutionary new jump drive tech seemingly out of no where. INRA was disbanded a few years later. So it's very conceivable that INRA, in collapse for years was infiltrated by the Club and their reverse engineered thargoid tech stolen and given to Sirius at this time.

So, really closer to 100 years to get the organic tech into mechanical and then about 45 or so more to make the mechanical tech work reliably. I dont think that's beyond the realm of possibility considering the thargoid tech is alien and organic and of a limited means of testing. Apparently functioning an entirely different way than our previous tech did.

Like jets and prop planes can both fly thru the air, but jets engines work entirely different from prop plane engines. Now add the fact that one is a living organism and not using metal and wires and plastic and actively tries killing you when you test it.

I dont have an issue with the 150 year gap of having alien tech and then exploiting it successfully when it comes to frame shift drives. Unlike weapons and other tech, we're meant to believe that almost nobody has the technical ability to understand the workings of frame shift drives ...that's why only one company builds them.