CMDR Davanix
Mar 31, 2022
#25,794
Darth Ender said:
neither of these groups are responsible for the lore. They're shadow organizations that exist as shadow organizations because they're not getting noticed and responsible for anything anyone knows about ...at least directly.

So the information we have and get for the lore comes from everyone else. The decoding of guardians language and such may have started with 1 person and you'd have to take their word on things, but it's been years now. Teams of scientists would have been able to corroborate the translation and confirmed it or not.



I think this is mostly a plot hole in fdev's narrative. The Pilots fed doesn't make any sense for existing. Unlike the Dune navigator's guild ...the pilots fed doesn't manage jump drive tech. Yet they have some sort of hold over everyone. No sovereign faction / power / etc would allow themselves to be at the whim of a third party like that. It doesn't make sense for the ethos of the elite universe where nobody wants to listen to someone else tell them what to do on their planet, system etc unless they agree to it. Their rankings aren't even really utilized as kinds of licenses to lock access to items or places. How they wield the power they have been implemented in game as having, defies any logical reasoning.

Even if you thought they had some secret, they would have had to share that threat to so many heads of factions over time in order to maintain power that it would have leaked.
Click to expand...
Pilots Federation developed and are the owners of Universal Cartographers among a lot of other onboard systems on your ships, they manage the entire galaxys crime system (Like a sort of Galcop galaxy wide policing system) by issuing bounty's through systems from information of scans etc,

This above and much more is how they exist and how they have so much foothold over everything, How they designed or made all this tech out of nowhere however is the real mystery, its doesn't mean it makes no sense it just means shadowy things have happened to drive them so high in the corporate "food chain.

A good description for them would be like a more powerful, ever growing and multi billionaire Anonymous of our current time mixed with your local driving license government body and tieing in a somewhat private "stock market" via bountys, in the background id say the bountys issued they may get some secret profit from which boosts their earnings as they issue them galaxy wide through their systems, they can get all the information, pass it to whoever they want when they want and have many systems to do so, they just choose when, how and where to do it.

Just reading below will literally explain how the Pilots fed started and quickly ammassed its influence and profits through their piracy laws, trade data infrastructure and news outlet, although may be retconned until proven otherwise it is still lore or adleast mostly lore

The Origin of the Pilots Federation

A scan of the Pilots Federation logo from the original Space Trader's Flight Training Manual, which was issued with the 1984 version of Elite as issued for the BBC Microcomputer 32K

Continuing our popular series on significant episodes from human history, noted historian Sima Kalhana discusses the foundation of the Pilots Federation.

"The Pilots Federation was established in 2805 in response to a surge in private-starship ownership. It was created principally to allow pilots to share reliable trade-route information, and to provide them with a system of mutual protection against the rising scourge of interstellar piracy."

"At the time, independent pilots were generally mistrusted, the itinerant nature of their profession giving rise to perceptions of irresponsibility. The Pilots Federation's strict code of conduct put an end to this, and over time a galaxy-wide respect for its members emerged."

"As piracy became more prevalent, the Pilots Federation started issuing bounties on known pirate vessels. Some of those outside the organisation condemned the initiative as bloodthirsty, but few were able to argue with the impact it had on piracy. Shortly thereafter, the Pilots Federation introduced an official ranking system to reflect the number of combat victories achieved by each of its members. Pilots who accumulated the largest number of kills were awarded the title of Elite – a citation that became highly coveted among independent pilots."

"The Pilots Federation derives the bulk of its wealth from the data network. Originally a system of ship, bounty and star-chart data, it evolved into an interstellar aggregator of market information and galactic news. By 3300, the Pilots Federation was not only the dominant provider of this information, it was also the main manufacturer of the hardware and software serving this data. Today, Pilots Federation systems are fitted as standard on virtually all independent starships."

"In 3290 the Pilots Federation expanded its ranking system to encompass the fields of trade and exploration. In 3301 it expanded it again to include pilots who had distinguished themselves in the Close Quarters Combat championships."

"The Pilots Federation has always remained politically neutral, avowing that it exists to support pilots rather than nationalities or political factions. The organisation is based in the Shinrarta Dezhra system, which can be accessed only by invitation. Receiving an invitation is typically dependent on achieving a high rank in the Pilots Federation. This stipulation has contributed to perceptions of the organisation as secretive – a perception compounded by the fact that the Pilots Federation has very little direct interaction with the public.
Click to expand...
Last edited: Mar 31, 2022