Darth Ender
D
Apr 1, 2022
#25,800
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
You do realize we aren't and never have been part of the military of any superpower (your rank gives no power only access to restricted military hardware and systems).
i dont think anything i posted about had anything to do with our participation in the two militaries we are allowed to rank up in but ok...lets go with this

CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
We are reservists: Federal Navy Auxiliary and Imperial Navy Auxiliary.
Ok. still plausible.

CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Does it now make sense why it was called Intergalactic Naval Reserve Arm (INRA). We (all CMDRs) are INRA. It never died, it just took a new disguise. We are the devils we are convinced screwed up the Elite Dangerous universe.
I dont think that fits. INRA (god fdev, intergalactic? really? Intragalactic or interstellar makes sense), was an independent entity not part of the federation or empire but funded from both and allowed to operate independently under it's own oversight. This is a far cry from reservists within one or the other military. INRA is not under the thumb of either power, it's separate and so the function of what we do in being able to rank up in fed or empire militaries has nothing in common with what inra was.

INRA under the direction of a given superpower is not inra, it's just that super power. I think if INRA continued on it would have done so under the guise of a private corporation. A minor faction off in independent space that looks boring from the outside so nobody bothers it. But dealing in something that gives it a reason to be everywhere it can strategically make deals with and do things it needs to without raising eyebrows. Maybe purchase a construction corporation with contracts for both federal and empire super powers that it could use to launder black ops money and have plausible reasons for spending funds in out of the way permit blocked systems like col 70 and the like ...etc.
Reactions:
Macros Black