CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Mar 31, 2022
#25,788
Darth Ender said:
You can believe anything you can imagine if you believe that the lore we know from the game is just as imaginary and potentially false. Assuming info given by the game is worth anything at all, we would know for sure that thargoids are a separate species that went to war with guardians and is entirely separate from their civil war.
Especially considering that the civil war happened after. not before. You're flipping cause and effect. The cause of techno guardians vs amish guardians was the thargoid war and development of AI to defend against them. The effect was the development of two sects of guardians that embraced the new tech or rejected it.
You are told that from the beginning. Both the Club and the The Dark Wheel are equally mythical organizations. The point is to discern how much of what we know is true. Also, why does the The Pilot's Federation deserve anyone's trust? They are highly secretive (and you learn a little bit about how secretive) once you get access to Shinrarta Dezra. The Pilot's Federation and more broadly the Elite Pilots' Federation also have a monopoly with zero accountability on the distribution of information to CMDRs.

In other words, The Pilot's Federation may as well be the Club itself (not going to get into what is actually revealed in Shinrarta Dezra) or alias for them (or at least the possibility should be considered to be within the realm of possibility). We have zero basis for trusting anything produced by that organization. We also, don't have much reason to trust a lot of what GalCop did given Dr. Hans Walden was a propagandist. It's up to us to discern who is being truthful, who has a hidden agenda, and what exactly they are hiding, and who has nothing to loose from being truthful. This is partly why Frontier Developments stated the mystery of Raxxla is "a journey ever CMDR has to take for themselves". A reminder: the Sacrosanct (a Far God megaship) was carrying cargo for megacorporations despite being an ostensibly religious organization and any CMDR can confirm this for themselves by visiting the wreckage. You have to investigate everything.
Last edited: Mar 31, 2022