Darth Ender
D
Mar 31, 2022
#25,789
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
You are told that from the beginning. Both the Club and the The Dark Wheel are equally mythical organizations. The point is to discern how much of what we know is true.
neither of these groups are responsible for the lore. They're shadow organizations that exist as shadow organizations because they're not getting noticed and responsible for anything anyone knows about ...at least directly.

So the information we have and get for the lore comes from everyone else. The decoding of guardians language and such may have started with 1 person and you'd have to take their word on things, but it's been years now. Teams of scientists would have been able to corroborate the translation and confirmed it or not.

CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Also, why does the The Pilot's Federation deserve anyone's trust? They are highly secretive (and you learn a little bit about how secretive) once you get access to Shinrarta Dezra. The Pilot's Federation and more broadly the Elite Pilots' Federation also have a monopoly with zero accountability on the distribution of information to CMDRs.

I think this is mostly a plot hole in fdev's narrative. The Pilots fed doesn't make any sense for existing. Unlike the Dune navigator's guild ...the pilots fed doesn't manage jump drive tech. Yet they have some sort of hold over everyone. No sovereign faction / power / etc would allow themselves to be at the whim of a third party like that. It doesn't make sense for the ethos of the elite universe where nobody wants to listen to someone else tell them what to do on their planet, system etc unless they agree to it. Their rankings aren't even really utilized as kinds of licenses to lock access to items or places. How they wield the power they have been implemented in game as having, defies any logical reasoning.

Even if you thought they had some secret, they would have had to share that threat to so many heads of factions over time in order to maintain power that it would have leaked.