AOpsyche
A
Aug 5, 2019
#10,271
Jorki Rasalas said:
That’s exactly what I said “we suspect Elyssia as the original”, i.e. Elyssia Fields from the original novella. Perhaps you misread what I said; probably my fault-I used a comma & should have made it a separate sentence. The suspicion is that Emperor Arissa is also a clone since the phrasing of her description in Premonition seems to draw attention to her similar looks to Salomé. Presumably “sister” to Salomé and Octavia, and perhaps Rebecca too. Why she would be a clone is debatable, but it does fit with The Club manipulating governments for their own ends.

Edit: yes, my bad. Just reread what I wrote and I definitely messed up the phrasing. Elyssia is quite likely the original (although with clones it’s difficult to know). Arissa is not the original, but may be one of the “sisters.”

Actually I’m getting less certain about the relationship here. Surely a clone is the same as the original. So if Octavia, Rebecca, Salomé and Arissa are all clones of Elyssia then they’re all five “sisters”, though of different ages.
Click to expand...
It is interesting that the time is taken to establish this line of clones, the visual similarities are drawn, but yet these characters dont really seem like clones in the traditional sense. That is, their looks are all different enough that the clone aspect isnt immediately apparent. Epigenetics considered, we might expect clones to be a bit more similar.

(Non canon ahead)
You know, now that i think of it, it was established in TDW novella that Elyssia was herself a clone. And isnt the assumption that the "spiky haired woman" in ED Premonition is Elyssia? What, then, is the implication of the cybernetics exposed upon her death? Simply that she got them in order to expand her lifetime? Perhaps this is relevant to my concern in the paragraph above this one...

As soon as i read you call them "sisters" my mind went wild. Immediately thought of the Seven Sisters - the Pleiades, of Orion's pursuit. Perhaps there are two more clones in this line that we have not yet connected, including the original "brood mother" as she was called in TDW novella. It is also stated that she gave Elyssia her name based on her interest in greek mythology.

Edit3: in the story of the Pleiades, the Seven Sisters are pursued by Orion. Zeus, bearer of Aegis, turns them and Orion into stars after the sisters commit suicide. Sirius is the dog of Orion.
Orion = The Club
Zeus = the united powers
Pleiades = TDW clones
Sirius = Sirius Corp
Not sure how to translate the catasterism (star transformation) into the ED universe.

Edit: while i like the idea of ALD also belonging to this clone line, it seems that other known clones are being used specifically to counteract the schemes of The Club. Of course, the Club could have their own cloning scheme going on, but i suspect those we know of to be a creation of TDW, especially since Luko speaks as if he is aligned with their purpose. If ALD is among this line of clones, i think that would make her a TDW creation.

Edit2: it is so weird that, as players, we know a lot about The Clubs actions and very little about their members. Yet, our knowledge of The Dark Wheel is exactly inverse...

Edit4: moved to another post
Last edited: Aug 5, 2019
Reactions:
PeteACarter