Han_Zen
Jun 7, 2023
#30,584
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Weird lore note: Combat Elite wasn't really a thing until 3100s approximately. Peter Jameson by all accounts is the first Elite CMDR. Raxxla, of course, predates this by more than 8 centuries. Insofar as first novella by Holdstock, Jason Ryder mentioned Raxxla to his son Alex before his death. Raffe Zetter appears to know about it, too. There are at least 7 very direct references to Earth specifically in The Dark Wheel story itself (despite Earth being erased from the galactic maps). We also have in the Coda section a passage reiterating the point of a gateway to other galaxies occupied by Elites.

Notable, also that Zetter is ancient, knowledgeable, and powerful. Now, I suspect he may be Peter Jameson/Jaques (based on Peter's Wreck and Peter's Base in Facece). I am still torn as to whether Peter Jameson/Jaques is legitimately not a threat or whether he is the major enemy in all this. Honestly, I tend to suspect he is the big baddie here having been responsible for death of John Jameson and countless others (based on stories about Jaques, the INRA sites, Imperials curing Jaques condition, and a number of stories in the official novels and Elite Dangerous).

Note: At the end of the story, Alex Ryder achieves Deadly as combat rank. There is also discussion about knowing when to run and how to survive.

In the old games there were only combat rank. It was a simple kill-count. One kill, one point.

In Elite the players don't have access to galactic maps. We see only the Galcop trade maps (8). In TDW Alex travels to Cirag, that is not on the Galnet maps. Manual jumps like that, was not possible for players (Cirag didn't exist in the game).

According to the old lore a Galcop pilot had to be Elite, to apply for full jump navigation. This was of course not available for players, even after becoming elite.

There are a bunch of details on Galcop bureaucracy in the book, Imprint: http://www.dream-ware.co.uk/elite/books/imprint/
Reactions:
simulacrae and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian