Rochester
Sep 1, 2023
#31,473
Over sea and mountain to the Otherworld

Initial Question: who might be the Rafferty of Rafferty's Paradise in system Azrael?

Looking at the system as part of on going analysis and identified Azrael which is very close to the Greek underworld in the Lost Realms area, and other than the system name, wondered if Rafferty was any indication of greater relevance?

Azrael grabbed my attention because its the angel of death, potentially a fallen angel, and one of the four archangels:
Jibrīl - Jabrāʾīl or Jibreel, counterpart is Gabriel.
Mīkāl - Mīkāʾīl, counterpart is Michael.
Isrāfīl - Israfel, counterpart is Raphael.
None of the other three are in game (apart from maybe Michel)?

Not necessarily surprising because Azrael sits in the Lost Realms area where there are a host of other death-associated deities, so it may not have any individual relevance - other than being part of a larger group of deities which as a group might identify something?

My initial thoughts are Rafferty's Paradise is irrelevant, likely a backers pledge name, whilst the importance is upon Azreal - it being in an area of ‘older gods’, and an underworld.

Another oddity I wanted to cover, is one of its planets Noshaq is named after a mountain.

I had noticed overtime various references in game to mountains and hills, so did Guru, and in my analysis of Robert Holdstocks (RH) Lost Realms identified ‘mountains’ had a specific purpose.

As a result I’ve since mapped about 15 systems, all with mountain references, many of these suspiciously look like they encircle the Lost Realms area, but that’s not surprising, seeing as I’ve spent a lot of time on this area; but I’ve not yet seen any further afield.

Of those I have found so far, the majority have Hindu, Norse or Celtic origins, this might help establish a common naming correlation from which to search from.

Of note RH Lost Realms does mention specific mountains, including a concept for a ‘world mountain’ as potential passageways towards the ‘otherworld’, and Micheal Brookes likewise had utilised the term in relation to a Celtic otherworld. John Milton also utilised ‘obscure’ geographic locations in Paradise Lost…

I have noticed here and there variously named systems will have a body named in connection to its primary meaning, or some general significance in that area.

Example: Cockaigne - Goliard: Cockaigne a land of plenty / fool’s paradise where common norms are reversed. Goliard, a group of satirical clergy linked to the ‘feast of fools’.

Cockaigne is within the Lost Realms area.

Example: Wakea - Meru; Wakea is a sky deity, whereas Meru is unrelated, but it’s one of the mountains discussed by RH and it’s linked to a world pillar in Hindu religion, this system however is likewise situated relatively close to Axis Mundi and various other ‘older gods’.

This is not necessarily a specific repeating pattern, eg it doesn’t occur in every system linked with a mountain, however I would advocate it’s evidence of some archaeological hand placed element, which attributes that system as having some unknown relevance. Or it’s totally irrelevant.

The Hindu link may just be attributed to the mountain ranges of which there likely are hundreds in RL, At least two have a very close RL link but in game are very far apart; it’s difficult to identify any spacial correlation through names alone.

The Norse and Celtic names don’t have any known mythological links; they form parts of large RL regions with old Celtic or Norse names (common in the UK), but many neighbouring peaks are not in game.

Azrael - Noshaq - Hindu mountain.
Wakea - Meru - Hindu mountain attributed to centre of universe.
Elysia - Kailas - mountain abode of Lord Shiva.
Bohmshohm - Kaliash - Hindu mountain.
Eurybia - Makalu - Linked to Hindu Shiva and means ‘giant’.
h Draconis - Makalu - duplication?
LTT 606 - Moel Lefn - Welsh mountain, part of the Hebog ridge.
Cocijo - Moel Hebog - Welsh ridge.
Tarach Tor - Moel Sych - Welsh ridge.
LTT 198 - Skiddaw - Lake District, old Norse for ‘archer's hill’.
CD-73 12 - Scafell - Lake District, old Norse for ‘fell with the shieling’.
CD-79 950 - Hellvellyn - Welsh mountain.
Unknowns
Ys - Chroin - Scottish for peak?
Dinda - Hood - name of mountain but maybe too generic, opt to discard?

*Update - the Beaumont insurrection

In Michael Brooke’s Elite Legacy his character (whom Brookes confirmed was a self-portrait) discusses a system which is not known to be in game called Beaumont.

“Bring up the Beaumont insurrection from 3294” Hammer form Elite Legacy by Michael Brookes.

Beaumont is French for beautiful mountain.

Speculation (warning tin-foil)

So far all of the above systems might look to be within a very narrow alignment, on their own possibly meaningless, but when linked, based on their commonalities and layered over the Lost Realms mapping (final draft to be published soon), they might build a narrow ‘causeway’.

Any system linked to Hindu mountains might be a link to the Hindu world pillar concept, and represent a directional boundary towards Meru.

Any system linked to Norse/Celtic mountains could be a link to mythology involving the journey to the ‘Otherworld’, and represent a directional boundary towards Avalon.

The choice of naming may be intentional, simply to focus the attention whilst not being overly obvious.

Of interest is that certain systems linked to the Lost Realms are indicative of various fictional persons who traveled there in myth, these originally look odd, given their distance, however a few of these seem to be on the opposite sides of these boundaries!

This ‘corridor’ is surrounded on various sides by systems who names are synonymous with water or death.

This concept is very similar to that Robert Holdstock describes in Lost Realms. A passage over water through mountains or hills to the Otherworld.

Visually this pulls the eye into a corridor ending in the Lost Realms area, if applicable this further establishes this area to be the location of, and that Raxxla is, a RH metaphor for paradise / Eden which is hidden (obfuscated) in a realm of other paradises, the lost realms.

Or visa-versa it denotes a path upwards to the Empyrean, and a possible location of heavens gate!

However I do suspect this might still be a case of pattern bias, therefore still tin-foil, if true it significantly focuses our area of interest.

More data is needed.

*Speculative: rough draft of ‘mountains’


*Speculative: Mountains layered over Lost Realms.
Last edited: Jul 7, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae, Jorki Rasalas and Edelgard von Rhein