Jorki Rasalas
Dec 14, 2024
#35,528
Nezzie Muso said:
Jorki - I just noticed another of your posts where you say you have visited both the comets in Pareco (https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9903452) - are you able to tell me how to do this? (or even show me in-game?)
Afraid not...The method (I didnt discover it) to locate them was nerfed by FD and no longer works. The location of the one in Pareco surrounded by stations is "obvious", but I can't remember where the other is, though I think it was a long distance away. I know of no current method to locate them. The method gave an on-screen target indication...You have to get within around 100km from them to stand a chance of dropping into their instance, otherwise you may drop close but would "see" its location marker disappearing rapidly in its orbit...they move faster than normal ship speed. And since minimum speed in SC is 30km/second you had to be fairly precise when you pressed the button to drop out of SC onto it. I did enjoy comet hunting, as a different form of gameplay, though it would be nice to actually see them in-game. I think I still have the spreadsheet of comets I dropped out at, which I could PM, but it wouldnt help in locating them now. However people did manage to drop in on the Pareco station one by careful timing (before the now-nerfed location method was discovered), have you read that thread?
Comets are already present in the Stellar Forge - you can drop into normal space close to them!
Today I was investigating the curious case of the Pareco system; it has one star, and six stations. The oddity is that all six stations are around 11000Ls from the main star, and they're all orbiting ... nothing in particular. This has been a point of interest for some time, and some bold...
forums.frontier.co.uk
Discussion - Warning! Galaxy Map operating beyond safety limits.
No longer Working in EDO try EDH3.8 Galaxymap Supercharged! After getting some inquiries, I'll try to explain here how to find just about any body generated by the game using the Galaxy Map Search Bar. This includes bodys that are not in Game like Comets, well at least were they should be. The...
forums.frontier.co.uk

Edit
I was only one of many that dropped in on comets, especially the Pareco station one. However it always struck me as a curious feature, with 6 stations highlighting an invisible thing, so it's good to hear a Raxxla hypothesis related to it. I wish you luck in your hypothesis testing! As many people dropped in on it and nothing happened then I'm at a loss to help...but one thing does come to mind...there is another long-standing mystery in-game related to Trinkets of Hidden Fortune. They are illegal everywhere with no lore explanation. They cannot be purchased but must be pirated from trader ships carrying them, and once you have some then sometimes pirates will scan you, recognise you're carrying them and retire speedily without engaging you (but others seem further incensed). I wonder if you need to be carrying some TOHF when you drop onto the comet to trigger the Omphalos Rift to transport you to Raxxla? I was carrying two for a long time until I recently started playing on-foot missions in Odyssey and lost them somehow when I had to recall my ship.

There is another possibility about TDW-- some people reported getting a Friend request from an unknown individual after they had reached Elite rank, which I think should only be visible to FD. The name escapes me but should be locateable by searching this thread. It might be that is an FD employee acting as a TDW recruiter so it could be worth keeping an eye open for that event.

Edit2
There is lore indication that the TDW faction in Shinrarta is a front and not the "real" TDW-read Drew Wagar's Elite Premonition & Reclamation books (though Drew knew nothing about Raxxla, he used this "TDW front" as a plot artifice, and I think he said it came from FD.

Edit3
Ive postulated for a long time that there may be an anagram system name solution to "Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars", the codex entry could be hinting at that...Pareco is one possible solution.
Last edited: Dec 14, 2024
Reactions:
Nezzie Muso