Jorki Rasalas
Dec 12, 2020
#19,999
CMDR Zulu said:
You’re right in a sense. In a vacuum this mystery should not involve any earth mythology from a logical standpoint BUT then we get given the Codex which specifically mentions Omphalos, Prester John, Atlantis, Dorado, etc. and that’s where the lines blur and make things seem relatable to mythology. Word choice matters, specifically when you create a mystery and are fully aware that everything you write will be scrutinized.

Brookes did say no clues. Then he said you have to make it a tiny bit obvious.This makes many believe that there’s clues hidden somewhere. Then we get things like the Adamastor and Brookes tattoo that contains an image of the same obscure mythological entity.

My point being, it doesn’t seem like the whole “no clues” thing has been treated as a 100% no hint rule. They also aren’t going around giving away the answer. So, to me, it’s probably a grey area, where little pieces might make all the difference but attention will not be drawn to whatever hints are put out.

I don’t see the harm in all of us approaching this mystery from all angles. None of us know what it actually is or how to find it so at any point someone could pick out the right way and solve it. If you want to pop some ships flying into stars because you think that’s the answer then more power to you. I’m cheering you on, in hopes you’ll make it through that star one day.
Click to expand...

DJT: Where is Raxxla? MB: Where is Raxxla? ”Well, It's in the Milky Way, but I can't tell you where at this stage, it's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves". DJT: You have always said there will be no clues. MB: "that is true, but I think you have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious just so that people know what they are doing, there is nothing to be revealed at this stage". That was on 14May2016. The repeated use of “at this stage” clearly implies the possible introduction of clues at some stage......then we got the Codex.
Last edited: Dec 13, 2020
Reactions:
Fiera, [PS4] Filthymick420, Dr. Lexus and 4 others