CMDR Zulu
Dec 12, 2020
#19,996
Darth Ender said:
it makes no logical sense why raxxla would be associated with any kind of earth mythology. It's not connected to anything ancient in human history. It didn't exist until semi-recent interstellar travel.

Playing ancient astronaut theory is fun and all, but you might as well be concocting theories that try and associate the dates braben released elite to astrology and then looking for systems that coincidentally have those same numbers in them.

There's no national treasure / da vinci's code secret to raxxla. If you believe braben when he said it's in the game, then you have to also believe when it was said that there would be no clues to it.

Now who's going to start testing one of my theories that raxxla is actually a dyson sphere where the sphere siphons power from a wormhole to create a plasma shield that looks and feels like a star (and since the wormhole has the gravity of a star, the entire thing is perfectly disguised? All you gotta do is keep approaching every star you come to until you either explode from overheating, or ...pop enough heatsinks to make it thru the plasma shield.

It's either that or visit every roid field and look for what can only be a very underwelming discovery of a megaship place-holder for raxxla
Click to expand...
You’re right in a sense. In a vacuum this mystery should not involve any earth mythology from a logical standpoint BUT then we get given the Codex which specifically mentions Omphalos, Prester John, Atlantis, Dorado, etc. and that’s where the lines blur and make things seem relatable to mythology. Word choice matters, specifically when you create a mystery and are fully aware that everything you write will be scrutinized.

Brookes did say no clues. Then he said you have to make it a tiny bit obvious.This makes many believe that there’s clues hidden somewhere. Then we get things like the Adamastor and Brookes tattoo that contains an image of the same obscure mythological entity.

My point being, it doesn’t seem like the whole “no clues” thing has been treated as a 100% no hint rule. They also aren’t going around giving away the answer. So, to me, it’s probably a grey area, where little pieces might make all the difference but attention will not be drawn to whatever hints are put out.

I don’t see the harm in all of us approaching this mystery from all angles. None of us know what it actually is or how to find it so at any point someone could pick out the right way and solve it. If you want to pop some ships flying into stars because you think that’s the answer then more power to you. I’m cheering you on, in hopes you’ll make it through that star one day.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and Crimson Echo