Thatchinho
Feb 26, 2020
#15,423
RaNaketh said:
I can't comment on MB's replacement, but given the live-stream activity it isn't Paige Harvey seeming to take on that lore / enthusiasm role keeper is it?
Nope.

Paige Harvey said:
Hello Commanders,

With my heart full of pride and love for the Elite Dangerous community, I’m afraid I have to tell you that February will be my last month here at Frontier Developments. I’ve spent the last four years learning so many skills and meeting so many incredible Commanders, however it’s time for me to spread my wings and embark on a new adventure!

I started here at Frontier Developments in April of 2016 in the Customer Service Wing as CMDR Normandy, before becoming a Social Media Manager and eventually a Community Manager for one of the coolest space games on the planet. It’s truly been a wonderful journey, and though I can’t highlight every fantastic moment of my time here, I want to mention just a few things that will always be with me.
In my job I’ve had the opportunity to work with most of the incredible teams that make up Frontier Developments, but I’d like to give a special shout out (unsurprisingly) to the Community Management team. The team are fantastic and I know that in the hands of Will, Stephen, Bo, Chante and Paul you’ll be looked after. You can also expect to see some new faces on the team over the next few months and I look forward to meeting them as well! Thank you team for everything you’ve taught me and for your friendship over the years!

If you want to keep up with me in the coming months then feel free to follow me on Twitter , or on Twitch at , I’d still love to hear from you all and I’ll be following Elite Dangerous all through 2020, there’s some epic things coming

Thank you all for the last four years, don’t forget, you’re all incredible.

Paige
Click to expand...

Also, Paige is/was a CM, and I would think the lore is much more likely to be tied with narrative and/or game director roles. The exec producer role seems to me to be more tied with general game production rather than world/universe building than in MB's era, but that's just the impression I'm picking up, and I could be completely wrong.
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, [PS4] Filthymick420 and Vetinari