Thatchinho
Feb 27, 2020
#15,435
Vetinari said:
Oh gods its kicking off al over the forums, lets hope this one stays as it is, this is my last refuge after Salome got solved

He was never my lore guru, I played Elite too early and ED too late to get caught up in all of that and a lot of players wont have heard of him, just because theres no real advertising anywhere for the books or anything in game. He certainly added some great events and that last riddle was just awesome and Im sure theres more footprints in game to be found but Braben is the lore guru for me, always has been, its his mind that created it all, everyone else just lives in and contributes to his world including us, he employed or asked Holdstock to write The Dark Wheel for his world.

Quite a few pages back, too many to find, I was on about Drew's home system and called it Eulaxia, finally found it again, its EULEXIA. Still an interesting system to visit but most of the tinfoil has been rubbed off for me as I found the answers eventually, the last one just 2 days ago on Drews stream, perfectly innocent reason and explanation and Id had fun with tin-foil for months looking for the follow up which wasnt there Still enjoyed the journey.

RE Merope Y - Possibly why the Thargs are interested in the system if its as rare as you say? Anything connecting it to Raxxla or DW or what you thinking?

Did someone say MB had said Raxxla seemed to be on a 50 year cycle and that time was approaching? Or was that another dream I had?
Click to expand...
You should be ok here. The Raxxla thread has its own silly seasons which are out of phase with those of the rest of the forum. It’s only rarely that they align.

Much like Raxxla and the rest of the ED galaxy come to think of it.

...

Oh god, I’ve said too much! Wait, what? Another ship in my witchspace tunnel? That shouldn’t be possible! It’s like it’s catching up with me, it’s shadow rising over me...

- - - Unexpected termination of transmission - - -

Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, yelboc, Machina Ergo Sum and 2 others