[Diplomacy] Carnegie
Jun 8, 2019
#8,766
Jorki Rasalas said:
Ah yes, but remember that quite a few participants in this thread are old FRifters, who suffered the pain and tedium of eyeball-searching loads of planets in the hope of finding something. So yes, the fss/dss is FD’s response to the complaints we made and suggestions for better exploration search tools-I compiled a list of those from the four FRift threads into its own thread and submitted them to FD (sadly lost in the forum shakeup, at least I can’t find it anymore) . Some of them were very good ideas, and I don’t think many people would complain about the dss, but the current implementation of the fss is not yet up to quality; it needs a good engineer to polish/upgrade it!!

From the discussion above I’m wondering if the SD Raxxla-related E/F missions were overtaken by the improved missions mechanism and we should be concentrating on analysing TipOff missions from TDW at SD? Has anyone done so? (I’m aware of Macros’ et al current investigation).

@ Tacticus- the Codex tells us, from Felicity Farseer’s words, that TDW at SD is real, they’ve been in business for a long time but haven’t been closed down as she says imposters always are. Also some spiky-haired female ( was she?) in Elite Premonition said that The DW (TRDW) is a conglomerate of like-minded organisations, with “wheels within wheels”, and TDW at SD is just “spinning on the outer rim”, which is clearly an FD reference to the wording of those E/F missions that Scytale misses so much (Macros et al undertook them all but apparently they didn’t lead anywhere, unless he’s joined TRDW and found Raxxla but is sworn to secrecy! )
Click to expand...

Talking of old Rifters, are the Children of Raxxla still an active PMF? They pretty much abandoned/boycotted the official forums after the Salome debacle, probably due to the abusive s**tshow the forums descended into after some people didn't like the way the endgame panned out. There were/are a bunch of smart people in that group with a lot of good ideas. I miss having them around to (RP) argue with.
Reactions:
Backelaer, Thatchinho, AOpsyche and 2 others