Vetinari
V
Feb 22, 2020
#15,370
Trotsky2112 said:
It means that raxxla was accessible when hyperdrive technology was in its infancy. That you could reach it from sol using nothing as advanced as what we have (in-game) today.
It will be in one of the closest star systems to Sol.

I used to think that too, has to be within X LY of Sol, has to be....until....I thought, maybe we just found a map or an object or a ship or something that led to Raxxla far far away but we never got there, unless Alex's dad did or thought he did but Im not sure that's real anymore. Im not sure in the 'new truth' whether anyone is supposed to have been there or if that's a carry over from the old lore. An unmanned probe could have found a signal, when the ship arrived to investigate, it was gone...it was lost but the 'proof' remained whatever that was.

Theres too many 'outs' for fdev or whoever to put it anywhere with reasons to be sure. It 'should' be near Sol or preferably Lave just for the sake of it but it may just be remotely connected to its omehow.

Jorki Rasalas said:
now prove me wrong!!

I will do no such thing!

Sparklepaws said:
An interesting concept that's been passed around a few times has been that Raxxla is in a Lagrange Point. It could explain the "movement" mentioned.

Some thoughts to spark conversation:
TDW in Shinrarta Dezhra is a fake front run by the real Dark Wheel. META.

Tinfoil time to show examples of the problem that it could go any direction.

1. We 'know' DW in SD is a front becasue FF says so in Codex.

Or do we / Tinfoil?

2. Who writes the Codex? Is it accurate or misleading, meta game would be to have lies in there to discovered as lies.
3. How do we know FF knows? Shes never 'met' the DW. (I like the word 'met', it doesn't exclude a lot of other forms of communication in tinfoil land)
4. How do we know FF is actually telling the truth in the first place or has any more insight than anybody else?
5. FF states any fake DW would be shut down, its this implication not stated that leads her to believe the DW in SD is a front so is somehow connected to the real DW. She and we have no evidence of this apart from her statement.
6. FF could be DW and just lying to us / misleading us. She could just be plain wrong.
7. 'Oh I know theyre out there all right' How does she know this exactly? She provides no evidence.

In law all of this would be called 'Hearsay'. If this info was given by a Confidential Informant it would be known as 'Trusted but Verify'. We have to take it at face value to a large degree but that doesn't mean its all fact and not written as opinion. Maybe its meant to be questioned, maybe its supposed to be taken at face value, maybe its supposed to be taken as 100% lore, maybe it will be revealed all to be written by The Club to mislead everyone.

'Everything you believe is a lie' (date needed and cant recall if Rebecca or Salome is quoted as saying it, but not that long ago in game story terms, yes it was a 'separate' story but fdev still have that quote in the game and we know DB introduced The Club in ED so something is going somewhere in a big way at some point...the New Era?

All of this is perfectly acceptable in lore and under Braben Rules (a bit like Moscow Rules if you read Le Carre). Or maybe Ive just played AC for too many years where:

'Nothing is true, everything is permitted'
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Jorki Rasalas and Machina Ergo Sum