Ren Solsen
Feb 24, 2020
#15,378
Jorki Rasalas said:
Personally I prefer Chatham House rules
Yes, I agree that FF’s codex utterance is hearsay, however I think hearsay is acceptable if it is corroborated by an independent source. In Elite Premonition we have the spiky-haired TDW woman (Alyssia?) saying that TDW operates wheels within wheels, it is not a single organisation but a conglomerate. It’s not proof, but it does add weight to that possibility. So I think we can safely assume TDW in SD is a front for the real DW. Not that it gets us very far, unless they provide the mechanism/source for the TDW invitation? (Which we have suspected for some time, but I don’t think we get the invitation until we are quite a long way into our “personal journey”).

Rebecca said “everything you think is a lie” to Salomé, but I think that was just about The Club, their Dynasty Plot and machinations controlling humanity to suit their own ends. DW and all the authors were told by FD to avoid Raxxla and Thargoid storylines; since Raxxla and TDW are somehow Iinked/overlap I suspect everything DW said about TDW came from FD. Unfortunately I think the NDA would prevent any confirmation by DW.

Aw, go on! I want someone to prove to me about Merope5c and the UA pointing behaviour, !!
Click to expand...

If (big if) Raxxla is an end game mechanic and not an easter egg, it should require or allow that you "complete" the game. That would be becoming 3xElite, so you most likely have experienced most what there is to experience. Now, an end game is often a wide conflict, a make it or break it with real weight. In what we have in the game, I think that would require to be openly hostile with all powers at the same time. That would be extremely difficult and painful. We "know" that most powerplay characters are in the club. Salome suggests all game mechanics are taken over by the club. So for the dark wheel to invite we would need to leave the game behind and start fighting it. Destroy pp ships, support independent factions, undermine pp controlled systems. A total war against the established ED order. That would be dangerous. I think that is how we would get the invite. We also happen to have an independent base fully stocked that doesn't make any sense to exist other than to support that kind of end game.
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, Rochester and [PS4] Filthymick420