Yuki Estelle
Feb 22, 2020
#15,373
Vetinari said:
Tinfoil time to show examples of the problem that it could go any direction.

1. We 'know' DW in SD is a front becasue FF says so in Codex.

Or do we / Tinfoil?

2. Who writes the Codex? Is it accurate or misleading, meta game would be to have lies in there to discovered as lies.
3. How do we know FF knows? Shes never 'met' the DW. (I like the word 'met', it doesn't exclude a lot of other forms of communication in tinfoil land)
4. How do we know FF is actually telling the truth in the first place or has any more insight than anybody else?
5. FF states any fake DW would be shut down, its this implication not stated that leads her to believe the DW in SD is a front so is somehow connected to the real DW. She and we have no evidence of this apart from her statement.
6. FF could be DW and just lying to us / misleading us. She could just be plain wrong.
7. 'Oh I know theyre out there all right' How does she know this exactly? She provides no evidence.

In law all of this would be called 'Hearsay'. If this info was given by a Confidential Informant it would be known as 'Trusted but Verify'. We have to take it at face value to a large degree but that doesn't mean its all fact and not written as opinion. Maybe its meant to be questioned, maybe its supposed to be taken at face value, maybe its supposed to be taken as 100% lore, maybe it will be revealed all to be written by The Club to mislead everyone.

'Everything you believe is a lie' (date needed and cant recall if Rebecca or Salome is quoted as saying it, but not that long ago in game story terms, yes it was a 'separate' story but fdev still have that quote in the game and we know DB introduced The Club in ED so something is going somewhere in a big way at some point...the New Era?

All of this is perfectly acceptable in lore and under Braben Rules (a bit like Moscow Rules if you read Le Carre). Or maybe Ive just played AC for too many years where:

'Nothing is true, everything is permitted'
Click to expand...

Good observations! Here are some counter-arguments, I think they fall somewhere in the grey area of rationalization:

1. I feel like FDev could take this either way. Yes I know, it's more likely that we 'know' DW is a front because FF says so, but they could totally throw us a curve ball. I doubt it would make much difference in how we're currently approaching it anyway.

2. According to official lore: "The Codex is a joint initiative from the Pilots Federation and Universal Cartographics...". So it's absolutely possible that the Codex itself is falsified if you believe either of those organizations are corrupt and hiding something. Salome did.

3,4,5,6,7. A compelling set of arguments that I feel the Codex does a good job mystifying. FF is presented to us as if she's being interviewed, but the information given is unsure and cryptic. Her "evidence" isn't damning, it's more like an observation: Organizations have tried to use the Dark Wheel's face as a way to get rich or gain power, but they're always shut down by an invisible force. This doesn't solidify her case, but it's nothing to scoff at either since it provides us with real information (ie we now know that organizations have tried using TDW's infamacy and someone silenced them). Is that someone TDW? Maybe.


In my personal opinion, FDev wants flexibility. Anyone who's GMed a tabletop game has eventually talked themselves into a corner they can't escape and FDev is no stranger to this. They're choosing their words carefully for a purpose, but the very nature of their caution makes that purpose impossible to determine. Are they preparing for a "Raxxla expansion" release? Do they just want the players to truly find Raxxla on their own? Has Raxxla been updated, modified or 'rewritten' to match their agenda and does that effect past clues and hints?

Slightly rambling, but it bothers me that FDev is unwilling to clarify some basic information, such as whether or not third-party lore material is a valid source.
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Vetinari, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person