Noobilite
Jan 27, 2019
#5,496
I was looking at something similar. Note this does not have the same backing as the other stations. Not the same as the raxxla image but closer. It has 4 partial circumferences and a line instead of 3 and a dot... Do we have to find the image matching the Raxxla picture in the codex?

And which station had all of those plants in the shapes of stuff? And what number is assigned to this station. I had to leave before the timer. It might be on the legs. Maybe the station number helps find it. Like translating raxxla into numbers or something and some of the numbers are the station number... Raxxla = 1812424121. Maybe it's coordinates: 181242(AHA BDB, AH-1 BD-2?) station: 4121

SPOILER

And I think I found where I kept seeing that triple circumference that was bothering me. Only it is upside down.

SPOILER

BTW, I'm of the theory first that the clues to raxxla are as blunt as simple as they can be.

Just found another source for the circles. There was another station where the back area had a circle with 18 dashes. The same number as in the raxxla picture. But it was a circle and not a hexagon. I think the staion or system had the word "Free..." in it.

SPOILER

That is also potentially the circle with the dot. The offset circle on the hatch could be that center thing. So may be the raxxla image represents a specific station interior. Maybe that circle in the middle is a closed station. And with the age of the raxxla myth how many stations were around back then. What if any stations were closed. Or maybe it's the first space station or something. How many stations opened before/after the known raxxla myth. And were any notable one put up around that time or earlier or something similar.

What if within the range of stock cobra is not hyperjump but supercruise. How far can it travel at max speed(2001c) on stock gas including acceleration times.

And would station numbers or anything similar help find which ones existed in and before that period to know which ones to look for. Maybe it can be whittled down.
Last edited: Jan 27, 2019