Nicholas Powell
Sep 9, 2015
#93
Comandante said:
Guys, can I help if I am not Elite?

I am a Founder; not sure if any missions will be available.

My job is a problem solving job in real life, I'll take a look at the black boxes later. Didn't realise there were voices!

Essentially, this CMDR has broken himself through burning time in the UA storyline to absolutely no avail and a bit of chissling off of the game's enjoyment. Kind of stumbling around blind and without hope at the moment, trying to find excitment and purpose in an ENTIRE GALAXY. I need to leave the Pleiades before this all gets to me.

Let me know if I can help, CMDRs.

PS I can't find it now - did someone post a thread with a picture of Raxxla on the galaxy map?

PS Hi Dommaarraa

PPS Please help with advice guys I am REALLY struggling with this game at the moment

[Not RP]
Hey there, Comandante. Sorry to read of your frustrations. I'd picked up a bit on them in the UA 'Threadnaut' and had been hoping to see you in-game so I might be able to... y'know... offer some advice directly. I think you'll find an awful lot of us are only too happy to try and help you find your groove in the game, even if we all have a different one. That's the key, I suppose, finding a groove - even though it can change per our mood every other session of play sometimes! I think we friended each other in-game when you were along to the last 'Biscuit Barrel' (and I'm sorry if any of that overwhelmed you or left you cold) but if not, I hope you'll send me a friend request there so, perhaps, I might be able to help directly a little. As for burning through the UA storyline, you certainly ain't alone. Pretty much all of the commanders who've involved themselves in it feel that way from time to time, and even regularly. (There probably should be a club!) But feeling a bit 'barred' from fully enjoying the game, that's... if you'll excuse the phrase.... Just Not On! We need to kill that feeling, kill it with heavy ordnance or just by... y'know... helping you find your groove, and so... yeah... waffling now, I know, I do that.... find me in-game and I'd be only too happy to see if I can't help.
Reactions:
Macros Black