Agony_Aunt
Sep 9, 2015
#99
Comandante said:
Guys, can I help if I am not Elite?

I am a Founder; not sure if any missions will be available.

My job is a problem solving job in real life, I'll take a look at the black boxes later. Didn't realise there were voices!

Essentially, this CMDR has broken himself through burning time in the UA storyline to absolutely no avail and a bit of chissling off of the game's enjoyment. Kind of stumbling around blind and without hope at the moment, trying to find excitment and purpose in an ENTIRE GALAXY. I need to leave the Pleiades before this all gets to me.

Let me know if I can help, CMDRs.

PS I can't find it now - did someone post a thread with a picture of Raxxla on the galaxy map?

PS Hi Dommaarraa

PPS Please help with advice guys I am REALLY struggling with this game at the moment

Hey, don't worry too much. FD might be highly seceretive and solving their puzzles can be a real nightmare at times, but there is always some logic behind it, no matter how twisted.

Just keep in mind some things:

1) The game isn't going anywhere. Take a break if its getting to you. You and others are on the forefront of this, and chances of someone else beating you few to the answer... well, its possible, and its not a bad thing anyway, but if you keep half an ear to the ground i'm sure you won't be left behind.

2) Whatever FD have planned might not be there in its entirity yet. You may have got as far as its possible to get at this time. It may be, for example, that Horizons will be required to move forward.

3) I doubt it will lead to a second galaxy regardless of what the lore indicates. We have a very big galaxy with many sealed off areas. Whatever the missions are leading up to, its probably something fairly local.

4) Good luck! Rooting for you to solve this.

PS: Once again, FD have stated people are overthinking things in relation to the alien artifact. Simplify. Don't get caught up in grand theories.
Last edited: Sep 9, 2015
Reactions:
Futuristic Kung Fu and Macros Black