Comandante
Sep 9, 2015
#95
Nicholas Powell said:
[Not RP]
Hey there, Comandante. Sorry to read of your frustrations. I'd picked up a bit on them in the UA 'Threadnaut' and had been hoping to see you in-game so I might be able to... y'know... offer some advice directly. I think you'll find an awful lot of us are only too happy to try and help you find your groove in the game, even if we all have a different one. That's the key, I suppose, finding a groove - even though it can change per our mood every other session of play sometimes! I think we friended each other in-game when you were along to the last 'Biscuit Barrel' (and I'm sorry if any of that overwhelmed you or left you cold) but if not, I hope you'll send me a friend request there so, perhaps, I might be able to help directly a little. As for burning through the UA storyline, you certainly ain't alone. Pretty much all of the commanders who've involved themselves in it feel that way from time to time, and even regularly. (There probably should be a club!) But feeling a bit 'barred' from fully enjoying the game, that's... if you'll excuse the phrase.... Just Not On! We need to kill that feeling, kill it with heavy ordnance or just by... y'know... helping you find your groove, and so... yeah... waffling now, I know, I do that.... find me in-game and I'd be only too happy to see if I can't help.

MacrosTheBlack said:
Hi Cmdr, you can absolutely help, although I must admit that clues are scarce and far between. Getting the voice fragments from the black boxes (Founder or Elite, so you should be good) will absolutely be a big help. Best clues right now, and has been for some time, are the missions mentioned first in this thread. Please forgive my presumptuousness when saying that the best advice I have for you and by reading your post, is to search within yourself to find new strength by whatever means you can find. It could by taking a break from the hunt, whether that be the UA quest (which seems at an end for you) or this very hunt for Raxxla which is even more intangible and illusive than the UA quest, or go into the black to find the Abyss and win the staring contest to cleanse yourself. Perhaps even give yourself a vacation from Elite Dangerous (I know, it's crazy).

When I feel like getting an Elite boost, the image below is one of my favorites that I keep coming back too

I hope this was helpful in some small way, Cmdr.

Cheers chaps

No, these forums if anything are superb - good grammar, well thought out questions, philosophical banter... I love it!

It all started a few months ago... I was getting restless so went out into the blue yonder. I never came back with my data, because I stopped off at a mining field. A week later I logged on, as I did so, my ship appeared spinning saying "eject, eject". I hadn't even started. All the data gone Submitted crash report, n one got back to me.

CMDR Powell - you chaps were superb the other night, though it was through my own frustration (I was also recovering from illness which makes it more difficult).

ATM I want to get my hands dirty - get some sounds, record some things. Done loads of black box missions, so might head back to the bubble.

I suppose all I want to do is at the end of the week say "Hey I did some stuff this week".

Ultimately I think it boils down to the fact that I've not played a modern game before and the more I play this, the less I am bothering with it. Shame.

So I'll report in soon with some recordings... I am hoping they'll be different to the ones already found!