Rochester
May 14, 2023
#30,425
simulacrae said:
Well to play on chicken and egg - the Oracle and Donars Oak were in Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55 first (before the name change). Im not sure who constructed it - but I suspect it was Abroin Universal PLC.

The Abroin Universal PLC construct a Pleiades Research Center (after an earlier CG to create completed on JULY 28 3303.) - but dont say exactly where it is. It is mentioned again AUG 5 3303 Also Aegis is created at same time - but supposedly not connected.

Donars Oak and the Oracle were seen by commander on AUG 3 3303 edit - on re reading what he wrote - sounds like oracle was there but donars oak was new?

Aegis announces a new initiative creating new laboratories at various starports - including the Oracle
Click to expand...
Attempting to expand upon the time line from @simulacrae and establish RL temporal progress in relation to when the names Delphi and Donars Oak were first observed in relation to the introduction of the Codex.

Question: is it possible to identify from EDSM when the Oracle or Donars Oak stations were first identified?

*post is undergoing editing, any new information will be added

FD install The Oracle station at Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 at unknown time but certainly prior to Codex.

FD install Donars Oak station at Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 at unknown time prior to Codex, noticed by player circa July 2017 player states it wasn’t there 1 week prior!

Another player states seeing a new station named Donars Oak at Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 on 3 Aug 2017

CG article identifies The Oracle at Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 circa 4Aug 2017

Galnet article regards distress call at named location of Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 (not Delphi) involving Thargoids and a battle cruiser 28 Sept 2017

Eagle Eye installations found at Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 (not named Delphi) circa 8 Mar 2018

Codex was inserted May 2018.

CG / Galnet articles: The Abroin Universal PLC construct an unknown Pleiades Research Center, but don’t mention Delphi, nor Oracle, nor Donars Oak 28 July - 5 Aug 2018

Codex description shows Universal Cartographics was founded by ‘Omphalos Infotech’ but this name was later changed in the Codex by FD to ‘Unified Infotech’ circa 2018 (earliest 2 records of it I can find are 31 Aug 2018 and 1 Nov 2018)

Aegis acknowledges the existence of the station ‘The Oracle’ in Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 2 Dec 2018

Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 is renamed as Delphi 11 Dec 2018.

Delphi station inexplicably begins to fall from orbit 2021.

Assumptions

From initial review it looks like The Oracle and Donars Oak existed prior to the introduction of the codex and were not actively promoted by FD.

To my knowledge there is no tangible clue to direct us to Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 from the perspective of Raxxla prior to assumptions made from the introduction of Codex, except for the Thargoid narrative.

The existence of the Yggdrasil systems within the bubble do not to my knowledge point anywhere, nor is there any indication of a shared correlation to Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55, other than the arbitrary naming of Donars Oak.

Michael Brookes did wear a Yggdrasil t-shirt, and he had his back tattoo of the tree of knowledge, but the link to Donars Oak is an unknown, other than one tenuous reference to it being a World Tree.

In both instances the link is tenuous at best, given the obscurity of these references and the relative great distances between systems, any correlation is at best a presumption and is reliant upon a Cmdr physically finding these systems and drawing this conclusion by themselves, it is an unknown if there exists in game, other systems or stations named after world trees, and if these have any shared relationship other than just naming.

It is my personal assumption the above represents an archeological remnant of a discarded narrative.

Any presumed link between Raxxla and Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 can only be attributed by the inclusion of new data from the Codex namely the term ‘Omphalos’. The naming change towards Delphi and The Oracle is synonymous and in my opinion intentional due to the prominence given in Galnet.

The redacted Omphalos Infotech by FD is either them fixing an oversight of an unrelated subject to focus attention towards Delphi, or at most hiding a larger narrative correlation.

There exist two systems in the bubble in relative close proximity to each other, called Axis Mundi and Hyperborea - mythical land beyond the far north, and home of the founders of the shrines of Apollo at Delos and at Delphi.

There are no known links correlating these systems to that of Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 other than the mythology naming of the station The Oracle.

There exists a circumstantial assumption that the Maelstroms draw attention to this location, by them creating a window allowing line of site from Axis Mundi to Delphi, but this is unlikely given its abstract nature and reliance on GIS analysis and remains an unknown.
Last edited: May 14, 2023
Reactions:
Grens404 and simulacrae