Han_Zen
May 15, 2023
#30,432
CMDR Davanix said:
Personally I think FDEV have just trown Thargoids into the Raxxla story and these Motherships are infact Raxxla or contain it, whisperers in witchspace, Sirens of the deepest void(Thargoid scream/roar during Salvation issue) pulling CMDR's from jumps and can now be found more than once.

Found first in Pleiades suspected as first encounter if old lore happened in human space? (Princess Astrophel and the spiraling stars) containing Delphi, the Oracle and once named Omphalos Infotech.

Whos to say that when we could see them from afar as the spinning light that we couldnt see them before if much closer which would say they where in the game since the start.

Their center could be said portal to other dimensions/universes and although 8 instead of 6 sides you could say they match in color and view to the logo.

I mean I kind of hope not but in a way I can see them ending Elite like this as there isnt much more proggression with their current player loss and first hand 10 year plan.

Also note the 8 Maelstroms appear to be centering towards Alpha Hydri a known permit lock since the first games that used to cause your game to crash if you jumped there and is 71ly from sol direct on the route to Archenar, this would put it in line with the 2296 date lore of first rumored if the thargoids use this as some form of (Center of area) staging area for them (May have been a Guardian war era staging post between the pleiades and coalsack i mean if they travel to both areas they would pass through both us and Alpha Hydri)
Click to expand...
Alpha Hydri is an interesting system, but I don't think the Maelstrom locations are focused on that system.

To me the Maelstrom placements seem defensive. They are forming a half-sphere around the bubble, to limit access it the direction of Califorina, Pleades, Withchead and Barnard.
The Thargoids are still not aggressive. We are just not welcome in their part of the galaxy anymore.
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester