ironshirt
I
Apr 6, 2020
#15,965
Vetinari said:
DW - someone has suggested that the 'mysterious benefactor' who gives you the ship with a message may actually be the DW in the first place and the whole game is our chance, there isnt a specific invitee as we already got it. Its a theory.

Nearly one year ago I had a situation where this 'mysterious benefactor', or to be more precise, 'a friend' contacted me.
I was doing lots of 'kill pirate missions' in order to gain combat Elite rank , but also did some other missions in between (nothing illegal iirc).
Two weeks long I stayed more or less just in 2 systems. The only exception were a few transport missions I did to surrounding systems.

One day during that time, and I think I was transporting something to a station, a message appeared in my inbox from a local faction, roughly stating "That's enough! We sent out ships to hunt you down!". Soon after I received another message from 'a friend' , telling me how to avoid those headhunters.
I had to travel to a planetary settlement in a neighbouring system and was told to scan something there (can't remember exactly, but was something common for those settlements, like communication matrix, or turret or similar). As soon as I completed the scan, the headhunters stopped hunting me.

This whole thing happened to me a few times within a few days. I scanned the settlements and on other occasions also killed the headhunters, but both had the same outcome - I was not hunted anymore, but also received no message, or hint of progression afterwards. So I decided to focus on my combat elite goal at that time, with the intention to come back one day and investigate this further.

Unfortunately all pictures I took died together with my SSD soon after. So not only I did not have a proof anymore, but also, for almost one year, lost any information of the location where all this happened. Luckily I stumbled upon the place recently. So I again know where this happened, but yet was not able to reproduce the event (despite earning 1.5billion in combat bonds there).

As I never did Powerplay, or BGS or stuff and also never focused to move a faction to other systems I want to ask the more experienced commanders here - is this just a standard mechanic which I encountered? May this happen if you e.g force a certain faction out of a system, or move a faction into a new system?

If this is nothing common, then I would say that if 'a friend' contacts you, that might be THE hint for being on the 'right track' - perhaps for the DW invite or similar.
Reactions:
Vetinari, Macros Black, Machina Ergo Sum and 1 other person