Jorki Rasalas
Apr 6, 2020
#15,966
Vetinari said:
Pilots Federation/Pilot's Federation/Pilots Federation Local Branch/ ?

?Elite Federation of Pilots (is that right?)

Dark Wheel

Its a weird setup as starts as usual with people saying we are at the top of this thing we are creating, then at least 2 groups form and create themselves above the PF but still affiliated, if that's the right word, with the PF. Wheels within wheels.

Technically a Pilots Federation would be a federation of pilots and a Pilot's Federation would be a federation owned by a pilot or pilots whatever that means how do you own the PF?

Im still 50/50 whether its human error with grammar / typo or actually means anything. By the time it gets translated it may lose any distinction or significance which makes me suspect its error....unless the translation applies its own specific distinction - we could do with knowing the literal translations of some of these to see if theres any crossover of grammar pointing to something. Would probably prove to be evidence against rather than for but you never know. eg Jewel of the toast takes on several meaning when translated so unlikely to be a pointer or bit racist to only be for fluent English speaking who can tell the distinction.
Click to expand...

From my notes (& EDSM factions):
Pilots Federation Local Branch - Democracy
Pilots’ Federation Local Branch - Democracy
Pilots’ Federation Administration - Corporate
PilotsFederation - suspiciously no detail! -increase rank via rescue missions &/or Thargoid kills
The Pilots Federation (in Shinrarta) - Democracy.
Asellus Primus Pilots Federation Local Branch Academy - Cooperative???
N.B. AY Indi (which has population btw) - the only system with Pilot's Federation allegiance that isn't a starter system (apart from Shindez)

Edit: I think every player/pilot is automatically a member of the PF, otherwise you couldn’t be ranked. Presumably once you become elite then you’re a member of The Federation of Elite Pilots (CIEP?) to get access to Shinrarta Dezhra, cant remember the exact name given by the tourist beacon on that.
So who are the PilotsFederation that you become allied with by passenger rescue/goid kills?
We know TDW is a faction within PF (another tourist beacon)......so possibly these different spellings are related to different factions. Perhaps once we’re invited to join then we’ll be told; although as it’s a secret organisation we might not be allowed to pass the info on!
(no, I haven’t been invited, yet! Though I have my suspicions about Macros, and the ninja penguin....)
Last edited: Apr 6, 2020
Reactions:
Vetinari, TiberiuS, Machina Ergo Sum and 1 other person