SD48
Feb 17, 2021
#21,171
Thatchinho said:
Same.

Though I’d say ‘fernweh’ also encompasses not knowing what the specific place is. A ‘looking for something, don’t know quite exactly what it is, but will know it when I find it’ type thing, if you see what I mean.
Tinfoil recommended -> Regarding Hexedit or whatever they found in certain mines in the bubble, could also be like an amnesic person trying to recover lost memories, feeling the search for it somewhat familiar but at the same time unknown to them.

Trivia: In portuguese, the word "saudade" is related in definition but it's neither fernweh nor feeling home sick.

DrewCarnegie said:
Yeah, I'd agree with that:

Wanderlust: I'll keep moving
Fernweh: I'll stop when I find it

Of course, it could just be that whoever wrote the Codex just hit a thesaurus and picked a word that sounded cool

Edit:
This is the problem I have with trying to 'solve' Raxxla.
Since we don't know what's a clue and what's not, we end up assuming that is a clue, to the point that it'll take us longer to evaluate all the possibilities than it would to fly to every star in the galaxy
Click to expand...
I'm with you on the edit too.

The game seems to makes a fair share of allusions to symbolism as well, so I guess anything goes in the way of interpreting what is or isn't supposed to be a message and/or a puzzle.

A good example is the Zurara message "decoding" leading to a planet without any apparent use. What really actually is telling us we're using the right tools? (decryption).
Or are we taking the data in the right direction and assuming the correct kind of data? (Hex code can even mean a color code that in turn can be used as coordinates)

Edit: I say hex because Raxxla is a 6 digit word after all, if it's "unsalted" xD

DrewCarnegie said:
I think it just means the galaxy. 'Spiraling stars' being stars arranged in a spiral, rather than moving in spirals.

However, an example of a star which does follow an actual spiral would be one gradually falling into a black hole. A decaying orbit forms a spiral path.

stares hard a Source 2 again
Even the "spiraling stars" citing had a different take elsewhere. As in, the spiraling stars being star trails.

By positioning in the center of one of the poles of a celestial body, making a photo looking at the zenith while waiting for its rotation to make wonders.

Could be either poles so maybe a line between both poles would be more useful since something akin was used already with thargoid links and the Reorte/Riedquat line.
Last edited: Feb 17, 2021
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and simulacrae