Rochester
May 15, 2022
#26,226
The alchemical symbol for gold is also that of our sun.

Alchemists associated the base metals gold, silver, iron, mercury, tin, copper and lead to the (then) seven planets (Sol included) as well as the seven gods, known as the "Seven Metals of the Ancients." Gold, the noble metal, was named after Sol, the golden Sun whose symbol was the perfect sphere.

So technically you are correct it does represent gold, but it also represents Sol. It is more likely (this being a space game) that the central symbol denotes a star, possibly Sol.

Historically the older Dark Wheel missions utilised a certain phrase possibly attributed/influenced by/to the text of Paradise Lost (a favourite of MB) namely the ‘silent song of the spheres’ these spheres denote our universe but only within the confines of our solar system, all other entities being upon the outermost sphere of Urania (muse of astronomy) (Uranus)) outside of that was pure chaos and the presumed realms of heaven and hell.

These spheres were also linked to several muses, and John Milton attributed them to angels. In particular our Sun could well depict the Archangel Uriel, the Archangel of Antares.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla' https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9542683

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla' https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8912557

We don’t know if this is at all relevant. Maybe all the points of the hexagon relate to an archangel (Inc Sol)?

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla' https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9496027

We do need to keep an open mind that any context inserted by MB could well have been overwritten (slim possibility) or said context is only poetic and not directly literal.

So an assumption could be that such evidence points to either: ‘it’s in the Sol system’ or ‘the Sol system is the centre’…of something

The hexagon shape does occur a great deal within the ED game, it might be useful to understand what it’s universal meaning is ‘within game’.

I’ve long assumed this could well be a linking association, most likely underpinning the ED narrative, two such obvious conclusions are it’s either of Thargoid or Guardian origin but this needs to be understood better.

The idea of it being within Sol is attractive because is provides us a finite location. The concept of it being wider is more expansive, and without any additional context means any possible locations are infinite.

Both ideas are possible but neither has any additional information to provide context, we may have a starting location but little in the way of a direction.

If we accept that the codex text concerning the date of Tau Ceti is true and that it denotes a sphere of influence, does the Raxxla graphic correlate to that area?

This sphere of influence can be described as also correlating to a possible John Milton Prime Mobile, as FD has inserted a system at its direct base - Pandemonium (the capital of hell) which appears within Paradise Lost and which is depicted as being outside of this Prime Mobile.

We also have the Yggdrasil tree, this is depicted in game via a series of systems, I've yet to correlate it with this area but I suspect the presence of Donara Oak is a clue towards this tree....

FD have obviously seeded the ED game with content within or around the bubble. Early statements by FD iterate that they planned for space travel to be far more difficult, so for instance getting to Sag A would have been very time consuming and by their own attribution rather dull, so they are very likely to have seeded Raxxla somewhere near the bubble.

If the hexagons relates to some form of map, I would presume it correlates to the sphere of influence
Last edited: May 25, 2022
Reactions:
Ughkoff, Han_Zen and Jorki Rasalas