Jorki Rasalas
May 15, 2022
#26,227
Rochester said:
The alchemical symbol for gold is also that of our sun.

Alchemists associated the base metals gold, silver, iron, mercury, tin, copper and lead to the (then) seven planets (Sol included) as well as the seven gods, known as the "Seven Metals of the Ancients." Gold, the noble metal, was named after Sol, the golden Sun whose symbol was the perfect sphere.

So technically you are correct it does represent gold, but it also represents Sol. It is more likely (this being a space game) that the central symbol denotes a star, possibly Sol.

Historically the older Dark Wheel missions utilised a certain phrase possibly attributed/influenced by/to the text of Paradise Lost (a favourite of MB) namely the ‘silent song of the spheres’ these spheres denote our universe but only within the confines of of solar system, all other entities being upon the outermost spheres of Urania, outside of that was pure chaos and the presumed realms of heaven and hell.

These spheres were also link to several muses, and John Milton attributed them to angels.

We do need to keep an open mind that any context inserted by MB could well have been overwritten (slim possibility) or said context is only poetic and not directly literal.

So an assumption could be that such evidence points to either: ‘it’s in the Sol system’ or ‘the Sol system is the centre’…of something

The hexagon shape occurs a great deal with the ED game, it might be useful to understand what it’s universal meaning is ‘within game’.

I’ve long assumed this could well be a linking association, most likely underpinning the ED narrative, two such obvious conclusions are it’s either of Thargoid or Guardian origin but this needs to be understood better.

The idea of it being within Sol is attractive because is provides us a finite location. The concept of it being wider is more expansive, and without any additional context means any possible locations are infinite.

Both ideas are possible but neither has any additional information to provide context, we may have a starting location but little in the way of a direction.

If we accept that the codex text concerning the date of Tau Ceti is true and that it denotes a sphere of influence, does the Raxxla graphic correlate to that area?

This sphere of influence can be described as correlating to a possible John Milton Prime Mobile, as FD has inserted a system at its direct base - Pandemonium (the capital of hell).

FD have obviously seeded the ED game with content within or around the bubble. Early statements by FD iterate that they planned for space travel to be far more difficult, so for instance getting to Sag A would have been very time consuming and by their own attribution rather dull, so they are very likely to have seeded Raxxla somewhere near the bubble.

If the hexagons relates to some form of map, I would presume it correlates to the sphere of influence
Click to expand...
Minor point - Base metals are nonferrous metals that are not precious metals (which include gold, silver, platinum, and palladium).
Reactions:
Rochester