Jaiotu
Jul 12, 2019
#9,515
Rochester said:
Currently limping back to the bubble after a long expedition out into the Signus constellation, my drives have been battered by neutron boosts. Antique paper research floats through my cabin.

I’m not sure how much longer I can pursue this before madness takes me away to the muses so I hopefully broadcast these scraps to help or dissuade others.

After numerous ramblings within the Raxxla codex and mention of some ‘Princess Astrophel’, I became somewaht fixated on the 16th Century Earth poet Philip Sidney author of a ‘Astrohil and Stella’.

To the muses I travelled after Penelopes key opened no door, and then lost myself in thought of the sweet cygne of avon, maeonia and the nine muses.



One snippet of the codex in particular saved me from this ill advised expedition and brought me back to the hearth of humanity:



The location of the Omphalos of antiquity was mount Parnassus, which I recalled arises within Astrophil in Sonnet 15 and 84.

There is no direct astronomical reference to Parnassus I know of (except that of the new Delphi outpost), however the constellation Aquarius is associated with Deucalion who survived the great flood, washing ashore on mount Parnassus, Aquarius is also identified with Ganymede!

Ganymede is also mentioned in Astrophil; sonnet 13, one of the most oddest parts of Astrophil, as it’s truly unique in its structure.

Phoebus was judge between Jove, Mars, and Love,
Of those three gods, whose arms the fairest were:
Jove’s golden shield did eagle sables bear,
Whose talons held young Ganymede above:
But in vert field Mars bare a golden spear,
Which through a bleeding heart his point did shove.
Each had his crest: Mars carried Venus’ glove,
Jove on his helm the thunderbolt did rear.
Cupid then smiles, for on his crest there lies
Stella’s fair hair, her face he makes his shield,
Where roses gules are borne in silver field.
Phoebus drew wide the curtains of the skies
To blaze these last, and sware devoutly then,
The first, thus matched, were scarcely gentlemen.

I have several leads, including an outpost connected to muses whom I couldn’t unlock until now, which is where I’m now crawling back to.

And then hopefully on to find the celestial twin mountains.
Click to expand...
The Quest for Raxxla is, if nothing else, exposing us to some esoteric knowledge that we would otherwise not be exposed to.
Reactions:
rOmiLaYu, CMDR Poet Starwind, Macros Black and 3 others