Louis Calvert
Dec 10, 2022
#28,356
SpocksOddSocks said:
Interesting. I just looked that up, and apparently it was bound for Tau Ceti, and the first recorded mention of Raxxla was by someone in Tau Ceti 199 years later...

Tau Ceti is only around 12ly away, so it's feasible the Mayflower made it.

It is apparently the first colony outside the solar system (possibly due to the Mayflower 97), and the first place alien life was discovered.

Not in game right now, but it could be worth investigating, but I suspect I will not have much time this weekend.

I'm not sure where to find the origin of this information, but according to this post, the Mayflower did arrive in Tau Ceti after 58 years.


Given that the codex entry on Raxxla says that the first quote suggested it was in use for some time, it's possible it was a legend known to (or even started by) the inhabitants of the Mayflower
Click to expand...
Do recall that by 2296 there had been FTL for about 150 years. Michael Brooks explains it here:

15:27
DJ: When was it humans first left Sol, do we have a date on it?
MB: We do, I'm going to refer to my notes for this, just so I get it right, So the first intersteallar colony was on Tau Ceti and that was in the 2150s.

16:24
DJ: What propulsion were they using when they first left Sol?
MB: So back then it was mostly slower than light drives like ion prpulsion, so not too dissimilar to the technologies that NASA is using today, fusion torches but they tended to be for the very big ships like generation ships that could carry enough fuel to make them worthwhile, so something similar in mind to the Daedalus project with its deuterium pellets, and of course there were experimetns with hyperspace, but they varied in success, so they weren't considerd reliable enough for large transportation which is why the early transports used the colony ships.
DJ: This is something we often wornder about becaus they were sending probes through hyperspce [MB: Yep] quite soon after discovering it werent they? but it's a couple of hundred years before hyperspace use seems to become normal for human carrying craft
MB: Yeah hink that's simply safety factors. Obvious there were a few crazy people that were happy to jump in and make a jump but they tended to disappear or there would be some unknown accident or some trace of them would be found, so it's like with any technology, when you're at the forefront of it there's a bit of risk involved, especially if you're trying to translate accross lightyears of space.
DJ: ... This is one of the ones (holes) we'd discussed, why it is that there's that 200-odd year gap [MB: yep], and we'd assumed it was just trying to figure out how to send a human through safely, essentially.
MB: Well, its large numbers of humans, and the bigger the mass the more energy you need and you need to have efficient methods of actually producing enough energy to accutally do the jump.
Click to expand...
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard