Jorki Rasalas
Dec 9, 2022
#28,342
John [Panzertard] Stoutbeard said:
Thans for the heads up on the faction, I found this:
Minor Faction Daurtu Jet Comms PLC - EDDB
Minor Faction Daurtu Jet Comms PLC in Elite: Dangerous
eddb.io

And re BnB, we know what we know - but I (personally) choose to avoid using it as part of the factors to explain a evidence/fact/link or relation.
It's nice to know, but plans may have changed since 2014/2015 - except we have to assume Raxxle is in game, and that we can access it somehow. Otherwise this journey is pointless.
Click to expand...

I think we must ignore all previous lore and only use in-game ED information, which condenses down to the Codex. I think the only external thing we can rely on is MB’s “it’s in the Milky Way”. Condensing further (stripping out what I think is dross/misdirection) the Raxxla Codex entry I think we are down to:

1) The Alleged Toast: "To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!"

2) “The legend of Raxxla has been circulating, in whispers, for centuries”

3) “The earliest recorded mention of Raxxla dates from 2296”...in Tau Ceti

4) “The earliest documented stories tend to agree on several points, however: that Raxxla is a definite place and that it holds a mystical secret.”

5) “Several versions of the Raxxla story mention an alien artefact, the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed. These details, however, were later shown to bear a striking resemblance to the children's story Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars, and soon lost credibility. Undaunted, some Raxxla seekers insisted that the story's author had cunningly concealed facts about the mysterious locale in his book as hints for those with eyes to see.”

Musings
my own, my very own, personal thoughts about dinosaurs the puzzle:
1 - sounds like it should be a clue, perhaps the start of the Raxxla storyline?
2 - sounds like a joke/pun on the Spiralling Stars from 5....and maybe a hint that is worthy of attention?
3 - I think this just says it’s a very old rumour. This might limit the search range to somewhere near Tau Ceti if Raxxla was actually physically found that early, but I still think this is a red herring and it could have been observed astronomically by telescope (e.g. Gaia space telescope) etc which could put the potential search range out to the edge of the Milky Way. And if it was physically found remember that explorers were getting out to the edge of the galaxy quite soon after game release...(Augustus Branquith? That Tourist Beacon mention sounds like another hint!)
4 - IMHO fluff, apart from telling us it is not Witchspace, or a state of mind, or the friends along the way!
5 - I think this is the heart of the clue!
Omphalos Rift could imply many things (Delphi system, Aquila constellation conical hole, etc etc that people here have explored in various hypotheses), but I think is a hint that Raxxla is accessed by a special mechanism and won’t be found in-game in a system as an object named “Raxxla” (I still think it will be in/an instance downloaded from the FD server when the Omphalos is triggered. This is the obvious way FD would use to foil data miners. I dont the Omphalos will be so named either, for the same reason; it will be hidden as something, or within something, mundane)....

I found the phrase about “the story's author had cunningly concealed facts about the mysterious locale in his book as hints for those with eyes to see” very suggestive. The only thing we have of that book is the title “Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars”. So, is there an anagram buried therein? (I’ve tried this & there are a lot of possible in-game system names!) . But I still prefer the interpretation that Astrophel is a Black hole and the Spiralling Stars are Neutron Stars or Black holes, both of which spiral in-game. One possibility occurs to me that I’ve not tried for a while... which is the conical hole of the Omphalos implies we should try to fly into the rotating beams (conical hole) of a Neutron Star and approach the neutron core. I’ve tried it once or twice but always got thrown out by the violent motion, and presumably it would have to be the correct NS! If this interpretation is valid then there ought to be something unusual about that particular NS! Unless we have to solve the toast to take us to the correct one.

Edit: I give up on the logo! It’s so obscure it could mean anything. I can imagine it might mean that Raxxla is the name of a hidden space station!
Last edited: Dec 9, 2022
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, Maidor and John Stoutbeard