CMDR Davanix
Dec 9, 2022
#28,345
Louis Calvert said:
What do you make of this? I'm not sure if I'm just seeing things that aren't there

I've coloured words that are the same, numbered lines to show possible connections:

Raxxla Codex:
1) To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!
2) To the , the of the deepest !
3) The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts.
4) To Raxxla!"


2) "Could have sworn I heard some ."
2) "they’re calling to me… a song… "
2) "Picked up some kind of signal yesterday and it looks like the crew weren’t expecting it."
2) "We picked up some kind of bizarre signal yesterday. Whatever it was it wasn’t human. "
2) "Really dark… darker than normal space."
2) "There’s hardly any stars ahead of us, it’s just blackness… "

Line 3) that's where it all falls apart ... I can't find any matches exactly... maybe it's a more general sense of Grief, Woe, and Yearning? That's something common to Halsey and the Rift expedition, death and loss and a yearning to find out what happened by going out exploring - it's a reach, I know!

Though, presumably this is a "treasure map" style follow-the-clues, and this guess is right, then it's pointing out the Rift, so maybe whatever line 3 means is beyond the Rift logs?

It's interesting this 'trail' bottoms out at the same place as your Halsey ideas too. Maybe they're both pointing at the same things? No idea how


No apologies need at all! 99.9% of the stuff I say has been said a million times in this thread anyway usually more elegantly and shorter too!

Edit: for clarity
Click to expand...
These where based off of Salome/Rebecca correct Couldn't the Grief, yearnign etc be linked to Salomes family parents greif (Duval her dad going missing after a crash similar to Hasley look up this lore it tells more than just Empire lore), Asilings lover (Dentus) or anothers and being a vagabond while also yearing for the truth to be said? long shot but with this everything match's up, We all know Drew wrote the Rift mystery but FDev also stated there is more out there we havnt found and also apparantly skipped steps to finding the Zaruha (Once an an Anaconda which has been in since gamma technically having if related the path to Raxxla in game) who knows Fdev may have joined this to Raxxla, it would explain their own silence on the whole matter with the main artistic story tellers being left in the dark and eventually leaving
Last edited: Dec 9, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and John Stoutbeard