Louis Calvert
Dec 9, 2022
#28,348
Edelgard von Rhein said:
There are three more Generation Ships that I have yet to visit and I want to do so in person, in case something is secretly unlocked by having the right set of logs. The yearning of our vagabond hearts is less clear at the moment but perhaps you will have some ideas on the subject?
Welcome back

This is what I have on the gen ships - pretty much the same as you got, but consider the Golconda's story:

"Whisperer" - Generation ship Thetis - picks up whispers coming from a passing planet and everyone goes crazy (not in witchspace though??)
Siren...?
"The parent's grief" (1) - Generation Ship Hyperion - started to worship a child that persuaded everyone to kill themselves (Edit: actually maybe this is the Siren?)
"The parent's grief" (2) - Generation Ship Pleione - Genetic error cause only male children to be born
"the lover's woe" - Generation Ship Atlas - Chief Engineer stayed aboard to launch the shuttles, his pregnant wife was aboard one and only found out he wasn't going at the last second
"and the yearning of our vagabond hearts." - Generation Ship Golconda - decided to keep wandering the stars instead of settling on a planet.

The Gen ships were found around 3304, puts them roughly concurrent with the introduction of the Codex later that year (but then again a lot of of new stuff was).

Hope that helps maybe
o7

CMDR Davanix said:
These where based off of Salome/Rebecca correct Couldn't the Grief, yearnign etc be linked to Salomes family parents greif (Duval her dad going missing after a crash similar to Hasley look up this lore it tells more than just Empire lore), Asilings lover (Dentus) or anothers and being a vagabond while also yearing for the truth to be said? long shot but with this everything match's up, We all know Drew wrote the Rift mystery but FDev also stated there is more out there we havnt found and also apparantly skipped steps to finding the Zaruha (Once an an Anaconda which has been in since gamma technically having if related the path to Raxxla in game) who knows Fdev may have joined this to Raxxla, it would explain their own silence on the whole matter with the main artistic story tellers being left in the dark and eventually leaving

I hate to agree, but I do think that's a strong possilbity. I mean no offense by this, but I take everything Drew ever said with an ocean of salt, so I've largely ignored all his stuff for years - but as you say Fdev did have a hand in directing him (by his own admission, The Club narrative was given to him by Fdev as were other things). It's worth a look

Edited for spelling
Last edited: Dec 9, 2022
Reactions:
CMDR Davanix and John Stoutbeard