Louis Calvert
Dec 10, 2022
#28,357
Jorki Rasalas said:
It’s also possible that Raxxla is the name of one of the lost generation ships...
Think the info about Mayflower arrival is in the Tourist Beacons somewhere....
Edit: Ah no, just checked the TB spreadsheet & not there. Should be in the codex then. Can’t see anything in Galnet search. In-game system description?
Edit2: “The Mayflower 97 took 58 years to travel the 11.97 LYs to Tau Ceti” according to Sapyx, but no source reference
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/generation-ships-all-you-need-to-know.407558/
Edit3: Han_Zen refers to it on 7November
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9990616
Remember that the Raxxla Codex says Raxxla is a "definite place".

The "Mayflower 97" name is from non-Elite Dangerous sources (FFE I believe), If I remember correctly - there's no named Gen ships other than ones that have been found (to my knowledge).

The Tau Ceti tourist beacon doesn't include any useful details about gen ships. FWIW you can search any tourist beacons at EDDB.io, no need to guess.

This Galnet article details the early generation ship launches (the Founding of the Federation). This galnet article details the Generation Ships themselves. This wiki page has accurate information drawn from the game on Gen ships. Canonn has a list of Gen ships including all the logs, if anyone wants to read/listen to them - NOTE: Have caution here, Dew Wagar's ramblings on Gen ships are here, assume this is "spacers tales" and take with a pinch of salt unless a thing is verified by actual in-game sources.

The in-game codex is essentially the same info as given in the various Glanet articles up-to and including the Golconda.

I know you can't read this Jorki since you're ignoring me, but this is for other people reading your comment and wondering about the same information There are sources available that contain in-game information. The sources you linked includes speculation and non-canon materials (like older games, etc.) and as has been discussion about a trillion times we just don't know if they're accurate until something in Elite Dangerous confirms it - so just use the stuff from the game itself.
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, John Stoutbeard and Rochester