Edelgard von Rhein
E
Dec 9, 2022
#28,347
I've visited the final three Generation ships I had not been to before (Odysseus, Achlys and Phobos). The Phobos' logs are not the last thing you want to hear before you turn in at night! I do not think any of them are related, as they have very different stories.

Now that I have read and heard them all, I still think the Pleione and the Atlas are the best two matches for the parent's grief and lover's woe and with the 'yearning of our vagabond hearts' being, in my current thinking, a reasonable hint to check out the Generation Ships, I have to look at what this might mean for the poem as a whole, if anything. Enough wild geese to fill a T-9 on this thread, after all!

The Generation Ship Atlas' logs are written by the Chief Engineer. In the 4th log, his name is revealed as Tom Edwards and his pregnant partner is Jean. There is also a line in the final log about the captain intending to name their first settlement after Tom, though I have yet to check if it exists in-game.

The Generation Ship Pleione's logs are labelled Medical log with a number: 1st log: 274/4; 2nd log: 320/9; 3rd log: 398/1 and 4th log 573/5. The name of the medical officer is not given.

The two ships are not quite on the Galactic Plane but not far off and there is ~80LY between them in altitude, with Charick Drift only ~10 LY off the Galactic Plane. Hez Ur is near one of the Maelstroms, so careful if you want to visit! If these two systems are the basis for a line, then heading from Charick Drift to Hez Ur and continuing will take you past the borders of Col 70 Sector (but not through them), to one side of Barnard's Loop and the Seagull nebula. In this direction, eventually you would reach Xibalba, the most distant part of the Milky Way from Sgr A*. In the opposite direction, you pass by some other nebulae (NGC 6820 I think was one that was close) and end up in roughly the direction of permit-locked Hyponia.

I'm not going to go to Xibalba or the borders of Hyponia on this basis (I have been to both before and whilst there are interesting places out there, I would say that nothing I found connects to this at all).
I am not ruling out that the name Tom Edwards and the numbers in the Pleione's logs hold some clue. Perhaps they are clues but their application does not become clear until the first two lines have their meaning deciphered.
This is as far as I can take this line of investigation for the moment but I feel like it was a positive step that has given me something new to think about.
Fly safe!

P.S. I like Jordi's analogy of Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars with a system with a black hole and multiple neutron stars/white dwarfs. Perhaps this is a waypoint that tells us we are on the right track once we are following a path...
Last edited: Dec 9, 2022
Reactions:
Macros Black, John Stoutbeard and Louis Calvert