Machina Ergo Sum
Dec 26, 2019
#14,356
Published in 2018...
Rochester said:
'The Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia'.
System LTT 606, Marianne's Journey to Arcadia and Intercessor Persephone Foster

Following on from the 'Arcadia' idea.

The above station name popped up in the forums previously and it always struck me as an odd one. Following a reminder off Cmdr Churno, I decided it was time to have a closer look.

As far as I can make out there are no clues within the Codex pointing us directly here, apart from the odd naming of the station. It isnt a player named station as far as I can tell (please correct if wrong) and for this matter alone the system was a real oddity.

'Marianne is a female name. It is the French version of the Greek Mariamne, which is a variant of Mary (also Mary Anne but Mary is the prefix)'.

What grabbed my attention was that Cmdr Churno reported seeing a faction leader here with the name 'Persephone'...

That would be 'Intercessor Persephone Foster'...



Thoughts?

This station orbits planet Moel Lefn; a Welsh name for a range that translates as 'Bare Hill or Smooth Hill'. That's part of the Moel Hebog range which translates as - Hill of the Hawk or Falcon.

The planet has 2 persistent crash sites.

Then there is planet Frasher. Which Cmdr Churno seemed to think was a hint towards something called 'Frasher Script'?

Reverse researching LTT 606, I was not sure if this is was a real system or developer or procedural. But a quick search does pop up HD6378 matching the galactic coordinates, which is part of the Ophiuchus constellation.

The Ophiuchus constellation is interesting because its popped up before, regards my investigations into the Arcadia. But I forget how I originally fell upon this...
Click to expand...
GURU-951 said:
Mariannes journey to Arcadia is from the novella, Elysian Dawn. One of the stations on Moel Lefn is Neumann (German for New Man), which also happens to be the same name DW operate out of in Shin Dez.

Elysian Dawn On Good Reads

Elysian Dawn by Sally Odgers was published in 2018...

So unless you have a date for the naming of the system, the author probably supported the kickstarter.

The various mythological mentions are not uncommon if you are into comparative mythology.
Reactions:
Vetinari, [PS4] Filthymick420, Rochester and 2 others