Rochester
Dec 25, 2019
#14,354
Rochester said:
Current obsession; 'The Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia'. The potential correct source for 'Astrophil and the Spiralling Stars'

"a striking resemblance to the children's story "Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars" (and consequently became discredited)"

First written by Philip Sidney circa 1580 whilst he was in his 20s it originally was intended for his little sister, who was 8 years his younger.

The name Astrophil is a play on words for Philips own name, but what if 'Princess Astrophil' is in fact supposed to indicate the feminine aka 'Mary Sidney'... and it certainly was written for a child.

Mary Sidney was also synonymous with the 'Star Chamber' court later in her life.

"She claims she's found a map to some pirate stash, and all I have to do is loan her my ship so we can go dig it up. Maybe we should go find Raxxla while we're at it!"

Arcadia is a pastoral story but it does indeed contain pirates, and a hidden pirate stash...and Cora / Kore / Persephone could be infurred by Arcadias themes of rebirth.

"Much like the ancient myths of Atlantis, El Dorado and the kingdom of Prester John, interpretations of the story range from the skeptical to the outlandish"

'The Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia' is also a source material for its own outlandish myth, namely wrapped around the very peculiar 'Oak Island' mystery.

There's no mention of an omphalos but possibly a 'tree of knowledge'. Which may or may not be linked to Draco and the pole stars...as an axis mundi...

Early days but I'm more and more inclined to think 'Arcadia' is the intended source material.
Click to expand...

'The Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia'.
System LTT 606, Marianne's Journey to Arcadia and Intercessor Persephone Foster

Following on from the 'Arcadia' idea.

The above station name popped up in the forums previously and it always struck me as an odd one. Following a reminder off Cmdr Churno, I decided it was time to have a closer look.

As far as I can make out there are no clues within the Codex pointing us directly here, apart from the odd naming of the station. It isnt a player named station as far as I can tell (please correct if wrong) and for this matter alone the system was a real oddity.

'Marianne is a female name. It is the French version of the Greek Mariamne, which is a variant of Mary (also Mary Anne but Mary is the prefix)'.

What grabbed my attention was that Cmdr Churno reported seeing a faction leader here with the name 'Persephone'...

That would be 'Intercessor Persephone Foster'...

image to be posted soon

Thoughts?

This station orbits planet Moel Lefn; a Welsh name for a range that translates as 'Bare Hill or Smooth Hill'. That's part of the Moel Hebog range which translates as - Hill of the Hawk or Falcon.

The planet has 2 persistent crash sites.

Then there is planet Frasher. Which Cmdr Churno seemed to think was a hint towards something called 'Frasher Script'?

Reverse researching LTT 606, I was not sure if this is was a real system or developer or procedural. But a quick search does pop up HD6378 matching the galactic coordinates, which is part of the Ophiuchus constellation.

The Ophiuchus constellation is interesting because its popped up before, regards my investigations into the Arcadia. But I forget how I originally fell upon this...
Last edited: Dec 25, 2019
Reactions:
GURU-951, simulacrae and Hanerib