Thatchinho
Aug 7, 2017
#451
Agony_Aunt said:
Considering the limitations of drives back in that era (which does match ED lore) and that Jason Ryder found it and was spending time with his son before planning to return would indicate that it shouldn't be too far away from the old Lave/Leesti area in terms of galaxtic scale. Going off the sparse information we have from that, and (big assumption) assuming DB had it placed in line with the novel, it might even be within the bubble itself. If that is the case, it probably means that it doesn't appear to pings and can only be found by flying (relatively) close to it... possibly way out of the system or off the system plane.

MacrosTheBlack said:
I think that's a valid theory; Raxxla in the bubble, not pingable, but only will appear when nearby, far off from any stars (dark planet?). Currently reviewing 18 hours supercuise in Shinrarta Dezhra headed for Lave.

When my grandfather used to tell me tales of Raxxla, he always said that it was in a different galaxy.

He was always a bit crazy though, used to reckon that in his grandfather's day they'd had hyperdrives capable of intergalactic jumps.

Sounds a bit far fetched to me. I mean we can do biiig distances these days. I've done the 250ly jump over the Col 70 wall myself and look at what that crazy cyborg Jacques did.

But intergalactic distances? That's just something else altogether.

But who knows, maybe with that old quirium fuel they were actually able to do some really big jumps. Maybe to other parts of the galaxy if not further.

Maybe, just maybe there was some truth to all those children's stories. There always been something very strange about those recent pioneers who've travelled to the far reaches of the galaxy only to find strange sectors permit locked for undisclosed reasons...

</RP> "Cirag is Cirag, and Raxxla—if it exists—is in another Galaxy; you know the legends." - E Fields from Chapter 7, para 5 (or 6 depending on version) of TDW.

I don't think it's been 100% canonised, but IIRC correctly the current lore explanation for the intergalactic hyperdrives have been retconned to be to distant parts of this galaxy.
Last edited: Aug 7, 2017