Machina Ergo Sum
Dec 9, 2019
#13,909
CMDR Zulu said:
Alright guys I’ll show you the extend of my lunacy.

Avert your eyes now if you’re squeamish.

This all started when one person mentioned they used the word Hexedit as a key for a cipher and received “Welcome to Zion” in Nigerian (Igbo most likely). The Igbo people claim to be of Hebrew descent so Zion is fitting. Could be absolutely nothing but I took the plunge. Igbo is also the name of a system in game with only 2 stars who’s orbits vaguely resemble the Rota Aristotelis.

I guess I’ll start with the latest example. Upaniklis. Upa Niklis means Nickel Rod in Igbo. This maybe biblical reference to the “rod” in the Bible or, nickel bracelets called Manillas that were used and worn in Nigeria as a form of currency during the times of slave trade. This bears a resemblance to the Torc mentioned in Supratech. A Torc is a metal neck band worn by Vikings and Gauls. I’m not sure what this signifies yet but metal circles, and in the case of the Torc as mentioned in Supratech articles, swirling holograms.

That’s not THAT crazy yet right? Just wait...

Gan Romero: Gan made a dream journal and stole a ship after being “contacted” by bodiless voices similar to Jasmina Halsey. I threw Gan Romero in the translator for the hell of it.

ga_nro_me_ro: Translates into “Have a dream for me” in Igbo.
Now I freaked out but still could be pure coincidence.

Lara Romero/ la_raro_me_ro: “Ride with me”. Stole a ship.

Threw Kahina Tijani Loren in there too. With and without middle name. One result was “You are not mad” another was this: Ka_h_ina_tij_an_ilo_ren: “Read the news below”. I got “read my blog” too a couple times, didn’t write down how I got it.

Other names: Zoe Okeke the artist that made Terra Absentia (the land in absence) means: Zoom Out.

Chukwuma Grant: The journalist that profiled Halsey. chukwu ma g ran t: God and His Word

I’ve been discounting these things in my other analysis but I can’t help but think that given the way localization works only names remain unchanged so a lot of the names for things could be hinting at a hidden dialogue.

In Igbo the letter “X” isn’t in the alphabet so Raxxla would be Rala which means “Congratulations”.

Another article, the music portion of the Alliance festival, mentioned “Xiona” coming out of retirement for a one off show, again with the allusion to Zion.

I think something is up with this but it’s maddening. I have noticed a large portion of names chosen for people in articles are unique to say the least and dare I say Nigerian-esque. Perhaps it’s done for a reason. The Igbo have a secret organization called Ekpe that use their own language of symbols called Nsibidi. It’s interesting at least.

I‘d take all of this with a serious grain of salt but it’s curious and strange to say the least. I’m not convinced myself and keep putting it off. There’s coincidence and there’s pattern, I’m not sure this can be considered a pattern or pure lunacy.
Click to expand...

Do you have a source for the hexedit cipher text which points at Igbo? I am aware of previous efforts on reddit about kwatis etc but those turn up nothing.

If real, these seem to be the biggest advancement yet.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420