SpaceGoblin
Dec 9, 2019
#13,902
GURU-951 said:
Just had a thought. Just how cool it is that none of any of this we talk about here seems to matter. Not much seems more important than anything else. It's just a ton of information and leads and connections and ideas and thoughts. Endless hypothesizing with no apparent result from any angle. Not outwardly anyways. What the hell are we dealing with!? Who the hell created this thing?! lol.

It's very cool

Back when Guardian ruins where first a thing, I expended much effort and many miles of tin foil in trying to figure it all out. Sadly, in all the wrong ways, but it was a whole lot of fun.

I've been away from ED and back again a couple of times, and I've always looked for something to recapture those days of wild theorising and puzzling over mysteries that may or may not be relevant to the ED experience

I think the Quest for Raxxla might be it - lot of reading and catchup to do first!

CMDR Zulu said:
It’s really well hidden. What irks me though, is IF anything comes of all this, then the writers have been breaking their backs doing all this research and tying all these little nuggets of hints into these articles and a large portion of the community calls it “worthless fluff”. It’s only worthless to them because it doesn’t give them what they desire on a silver platter.

Even after the revelation that a cabal was manipulating literally EVERYTHING, the masses still carry on doing their bidding no questions asked for the credits. Blindly completing whatever mission will give them the most return with little regard for the consequences.

I hope we can solve it for the writers and devs that put so much time into it. To show the naysayers and doubters that it was laid out in front of them the whole time, if they paid attention.
Time will tell.
Click to expand...

Hopefully the folks behind all this stuff are checking in from time to time, and are delighted by all the ideas bouncing around in threads like this
Reactions:
Hanerib, [PS4] Filthymick420, simulacrae and 2 others