CMDR Hagglebeard
Dec 23, 2018
#4,729
CMDRGURU951 said:
Don't follow me, I'm lost.

You came up with some really good leads. I'm here, at the moment:

> Find any connection to the Dark Wheel. It's likely that we'll need their help in order to unravel the mystery. The only clue we have is that their dark, toroid station orbits the eighth moon of a gas giant. It might be able to be located via FSS, or else we'll need to really get in bed with their faction, get to Allied status, maybe be Elite, and see if their decoy can be of any use to us.

> Investigate sonnet 9. IRL, it's a description of Stella's wonderful face, but when Stella is a (group of?) spiralling star(s), it is likely a description of our destination.

"Hath his front built of Alabaster pure;"

The front of the system/nebula/location is a bright white, very likely A-class stars, maybe O/B. This can be a whole lot of nebulae, especially NGC 7822 and H&S.

"Gold is the covering of that stately place."

What covers things in space? Light, and, err.... dirt? I'm going to assume light, so the system we're looking for has a golden light - characteristic of class G stars. If this is the case, that's a good chance for Raxxla to be atmospheric, maybe an Earth-Like.

"The doore by which sometimes comes forth her Grace, Red Porphir is, which locke of pearl makes sure:"

IRL the door was her lips, a red-purple color. I'd like to remind you all of the phrase "The door is also the key", a phrase mentioned by old, discontinued elite explorer missions a few years ago. We know the door is going to be red-purple. Is the door the Omphalos Rift? Is it the planet, Raxxla? I'm a little bit stumped by this.

"Whose porches rich (which name of cheeks endure) Marble mixt red and white do enterlace."

IRL, Stella had bright white yet rosy cheeks, and I have no idea what that means in the context of the game. Maybe the red could be the nebula's color? That would make Heart and Soul good candidates, having many bright O/B/As nearby and being reddish-brown in color, but that description could likely apply to many nebulae all around the galaxy.

"The windowes now through which this heav'nly guest Looks over the world, and can find nothing such, Which dare claime from those lights the name of best."

Stella's eyes are the most beautiful of all. The rest of the sonnet seems to be pushing this. Are there a pair of (or even a single) star(s) that most people consider to be more important, and/or more beautiful than any others? Maybe Polaris/Deneb? But those wouldn't look like two eyes, being so far apart...

Eye(s) are mentioned in both this sonnet (9), and 20. I really wonder if it's trying to point us at Cat's Eye, but it's so far from anything else, I completely doubt we can get there. Then again... Cat's Eye doesn't have a star on GalMap. This could mean either that we are never intended to go there, or the nebula obscures it... or perhaps we aren't meant to go there. tinfoil

> Find the heavenly eye from A&S Sonnet 20, assuming it is a star, the only spherical object I can think of looking for. Also, danger - from https://www.gradesaver.com/astrophil-and-stella/study-guide/summary-sonnets-1-31 -

"20. In this sonnet, Astrophel describes the process of falling in love with Stella, an action that begins with the poet's first sight of her. He is ambushed by Cupid, hiding in Stella's lovely, black eyes. Through each of Stella's glances toward him, Astrophel is attacked by Cupid's darts. Though he sees the darts coming toward him ("motions of lightning' grace"), he is unable to escape before they pierce his heart."

If this ambush is meant to represent a truly deadly ambush in the game, it could mean that there are people (Dark Wheel? The Club? Evil Cabal?) waiting for you at the location from sonnet 9. Uh oh.

Otherwise, I have a feeling that stars can't really 'glance towards you' - as they shine equally in all directions - except for two: white dwarves and neutron stars. If the 'glance' could be your ship being above/below the poles of one of these stars, the motions of lightning's grace could be the jet cones.

---

There's more stuff regarding the tale of the Omphalos stone on Delphi and the two Eagles, but I have no idea how to investigate that. You could try flying to Eagle Eye Six and snooping around (Delphi system), but I don't have too much faith in that working out.