CMDR Hagglebeard
Dec 23, 2018
#4,726
RadicalxEdward said:
I think we might need to take a small step back here and look at this from the basics.

1. I don’t think there’s going to be literal clues to specific systems like analyzing sonnets or converting letters to numbers, etc. they specifically said there wouldn’t be clues. Besides, player groups like cannon that use visual spectrum analyzers on unknown probes would have found stuff like that long ago. Though this could mean there won’t be additional clues, as in everything needed is already in game. (I sure hope they wouldn’t rely too much on obsolete books and whatnot, but frontier loves making people rely on out of game resources)

2. there’s no point actually putting it in the game if it’s not ever supposed to be found. And without some sign saying “Raxxla” or some indication of a gateway it’s not likely to be found if you can’t actually tell it’s the right place.

3. FD also said “we know WHERE it is.” Not “we know HOW to find it.” Implying it is in a specific location.

4. Based on how old those statements are, it must have been put into the game before any mechanic for moving things relatively automatically like megaships.

5. Whenever it’s referred to literally it’s referred to as a planet. So metaphorical places (ie it’s a journey, state of mind, etc) are less likely.

6. The new discovery tools should be a massive help. I’m at the zurara right now and noticed the human signal doesn’t pop up until you’re within 2-3 ls of the ship but does show up (even outside 1000ls) with the FSS. So anything reasonably recognizable should be much easier to find now that we don’t have to scour planets with our eyes inch by inch to find stuff.

7. When people were finding megaships every other day one of the ways they did it was by determining how far they could get with sub-light engines, so FD does take that sort of thing into account sometimes, and since there are stories going way back of people figuring out where Raxxla is before going back to the bubble and planning to go back, it must be reasonably close (ie, not on the opposite side of the galaxy) although the zurara itself seems further out than it should have been able to get.

8. Last but not least, FD or DB at least seems to have a fascination with Greek mythology. That’s a super broad topic, so while that might be an influence here, it’s next to impossible to work from the mythology to the game. We really have to go from the game to the mythology, which requires a clue, which we likely won’t get. So there’s not much point going in that direction either.

It’s probably more helpful to try and focus on the basics rather than assume every word in the game is a subtle clue. At least that’s what I’m trying to do.

1) That's plain wrong. Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars is a DEFINITE reference to a real-world set of sonnets, and the clues found there have led us from Zeta Cassiopeiae, to NGC 7822, to Heart and Soul. There is absolutely clues and a path. I think by clues, they meant easy help from the devs in case we fail, pick-me-ups, freebies, etc.

5) if you read the Raxxla Codex article, it says "...The earliest documented stories tend to agree on several points, however: that Raxxla is a definite place, and that it holds a mythical secret."

I'm taking everything in the Codex to be law. I just don't have enough to go on, otherwise, and our search has borne fruit.

7) I also believe Raxxla is within close range of the Bubble, but I don't think all of the clues to it have to be in the bubble as well.

8) We have the Omphalos Rift, Delphi, Cassiopeia/Andromeda so far, and we've used those hints to get us to where we are so far. There are a lot of possible leads to investigate, even now. Greek mythology is huge, but we need only to investigate those parts of it which have some link to Raxxla, such as the more obvious "Mother of Galaxies" (Cassiopeiae).

Sorry man, I totally disagree with you. Read from page 303, CMDR Guru's comment. He's kicking with it, I'm just trying to begin where he's left off.