Rochester
May 6, 2023
#30,308
Jorki Rasalas said:
There’s a lot of hypothesising based upon very little evidence.
And I can see no evidence at all to indicate any mythology is involved in the puzzle.
Totally agree, and this is essentially what I’ve attempted to get across, any naming used in game IMPO likely does not actually relate to a specific wider mythologic narrative. If there is a correlation it’s more likely I suspect directly and superficially metaphorical. This I believe is a common writer’s mechanism?

In my current theory I’m looking for spatial relationships, the link is based on close proximity or physical trajectory based upon a shared metaphorical interpretation.

I think if we assume meaning too much into any mythology, and potentially take conjectured leaps where there are dead ends, we are obviously more likely to fall into any one of several possible outcomes, not necessarily ever knowing which might be correct.

Eg regards the Omphalos there are at minimum 3 separate, but interwoven sources. Blurred by time but contextually likely totally separate, in reality there are likely several other sources, because history is ultimately always re-written through poor interpretation. How can we assess which version FD utilises? Mythology is not cut n dry, it’s messy. It’s simply too wide.

It’s equally possible FD has utilised certain sources narratively, but ultimately it’s also evident they have mixed these, using them creatively.

It’s certainly healthy to tin-foil and data dive these stories - to better understand them, and this helps to contextualise, and then allow us to identify and interpret another link, through research, but we have to keep our perspectives open and accept we might be wrong.

Again I try and incorporate intelligence analysis which doesn’t ever look to establish a definitive truth but weigh data; in the absence of a method to establish how reliable this data is, we can never truly establish if one assessment is certain, we can only apply a level of possibility. I generally accept I’m always incorrect, until the level of potential correlation is too high to ignore.

So I’m all for mythical theories, but I’d advise to keep it academic, and at least apply a probability score, so as to weigh bias. As time moves on we might assess certain theories might be incorrect, or at most identify intelligence gaps, thats equally useful, because it allows us to move on, it’s always possible that all that research might become relevant elsewhere, so it’s not a waste of time but let’s try not and limit our perspectives.

To sum up

I suspect Brookes may have inserted multiple and specifically named systems, grouping and placing them intentionally; amongst others which weren’t. These systems may or may not have held some wider relevance, he then wove his story around them, or visa versa.

After his departure I suspect FD repurposed this architecture, adding their own over time.

This might be why IMPO the codex is so peculiar, it might be utilising several potentially unrelated sources to describe a path. At least this is my current hypothesis.
Last edited: May 6, 2023
Reactions:
Grens404, Jorki Rasalas and Dox Paradox