CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
May 7, 2023
#30,311
Rochester said:
Older societies used esoteric symbolism as emblems of power, which were openly communicated to establish status, control or to imply meaning or worth to their philosophy or simply as propaganda.

Some societies appropriate other philosophies ignorantly or intentionally twisting its meaning to suit their needs, others are imaginings of a bored ruling class, to hide activities from the hoi polloi.

Secret communication has always existed, but was primarily utilised as it is today as intelligence, either to spread discontent, or data, usually against an oppressive society. Said secret communication was as it is now coded and not open nor esoteric.

If you want to keep a secret you simply don’t advertise it. Information is power.
Click to expand...
I'd like to apologize for taking so long to write this up. So, without further delay...

Unfortunately, at some point in the process, I don't think you really have the luxury of ignoring it. We are told repeatedly to pay attention to the stories of the past by Salomé, GalNet in connection Lave and other story arcs, and the various codices themselves. Still, CMDRs seem to invent reasons for why the exact opposite should be done.

In order to follow this sage advice to study the old stories, there's a bit a roadblock by the name of Universal Cartographics. It's a tad bit ironic that which was done for ease of navigation for all is simultaneously the biggest of obstacles. Esotericism and shibboleths are but one of the tools to make quick work of any attempts to obscure the past. Esotericism tells you the ideas that are important. It should be noted, however, Heaven/Hell are less physical places than mindsets. Esotericism and the themes repeated in the lore is the road one is supposed to follow.

By the way, your interpretation is a bit off. Secret societies and groups so as the Gnostics, Pythagoreans, Platonists, and many others held Wisdom above all else. This is why the snakes and other symbols of wisdom are common. Power may come from knowledge but that doesn't mean it was driving force. After all, anyone can know something. The whole point is understanding it, though. Knowledge is worth nothing if it cannot be applied. Most "secret societies" operate by open secrecy as the goal is to enlighten not hide. It both achieves the ultimate goal of spreading this knowledge but keeps it to those who can understand how to use it. Humans are story-tellers. It is often easier to transmit knowledge via stories than explain it in these cases. There's a catch here: knowledge can be communicated readily but wisdom is much harder. This is where the stories come into play.

So, why don't I practice a bit more secrecy? First of all, secrecy is abhorrent. The very structures that were meant to help CMDRs were weaponized to keep us ignorant. Besides, an enlightened population is much harder to control. Transparency also raises the costs of hiding information from the larger population as it massively increases the costs of getting caught. Plus there's another benefit, you don't have to try to remember who knows what.
Last edited: May 7, 2023
Reactions:
Darrack