Darrack
May 7, 2023
#30,315
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
I'd like to apologize for taking so long to write this up. So, without further delay...

Unfortunately, at some point in the process, I don't think you really have the luxury of ignoring it. We are told repeatedly to pay attention to the stories of the past by Salomé, GalNet in connection Lave and other story arcs, and the various codices themselves. Still, CMDRs seem to invent reasons for why the exact opposite should be done.

In order to follow this sage advice to study the old stories, there's a bit a roadblock by the name of Universal Cartographics. It's a tad bit ironic that which was done for ease of navigation for all is simultaneously the biggest of obstacles. Esotericism and shibboleths are but one of the tools to make quick work of any attempts to obscure the past. Esotericism tells you the ideas that are important. It should be noted, however, Heaven/Hell are less physical places than mindsets. Esotericism and the themes repeated in the lore is the road one is supposed to follow.

By the way, your interpretation is a bit off. Secret societies and groups so as the Gnostics, Pythagoreans, Platonists, and many others held Wisdom above all else. This is why the snakes and other symbols of wisdom are common. Power may come from knowledge but that doesn't mean it was driving force. After all, anyone can know something. The whole point is understanding it, though. Knowledge is worth nothing if it cannot be applied. Most "secret societies" operate by open secrecy as the goal is to enlighten not hide. It both achieves the ultimate goal of spreading this knowledge but keeps it to those who can understand how to use it. Humans are story-tellers. It is often easier to transmit knowledge via stories than explain it in these cases. There's a catch here: knowledge can be communicated readily but wisdom is much harder. This is where the stories come into play.

So, why don't I practice a bit more secrecy? First of all, secrecy is abhorrent. The very structures that were meant to help CMDRs were weaponized to keep us ignorant. Besides, an enlightened population is much harder to control. Transparency also raises the costs of hiding information from the larger population as it massively increases the costs of getting caught. Plus there's another benefit, you don't have to try to remember who knows what.
Click to expand...
As part of an ancient organisation which for thousands of years (Druids) has strived to impart knowledge via story's to others i am very much against secrecy.
Indeed our name derives from an old word meaning 'Oak knower or knowledge'.
Our ancestors didn't write anything down, unlike many religions there is no book, no scriptures, just experience passed by word of mouth in story's or songs by our bards and Overts.
We did have a basic written language in the early days 'Ogham', however to the best of our knowledge it was used more for directions, signs etc than actual text and just like Guardian signs, open to many interpretations.

There was however a time in our history where secrecy was a MUST and this can also tie in with ED (the Club/Dark Wheel) when we were persecuted by the incoming Christian faith.
Many hid and conduct Groves in secret for fear of being killed.
Fast forward a little to many of our greatest minds, Aristotle and Copernicus were both hated by the establishment for their views on the universe, the later published works under a pseudonym for fear of the Church.

Even amongst peers in a knowledge group many prefer to be anonymous or secretive due to fear of stubborn headed hierarchy who refuse new ideas, just as Chandrasekhar was mocked by his mentor for his discovery's (which later as we know were proven correct) we have all come across this even in our small Raxxla community.

I believe in cooperation and the only way to move forward is to share information, no matter how far fetched so that others can either prove or disprove theories.
Many times in scientific discovery's (especially in Astro Physics which i am not in anyway an expert but have spent the best part of 20 years researching) its often the case that many folks are working on the same theory without even knowing.
Many folks far wiser than us got things wrong, Einstein and my hero Professor Stephen Hawking both made mistakes, listening to others alternative ideas and then admitting you got it wrong takes guts but allows us to move on to solve our great quests.

I am always drawn back to Richard Dawkins and his 'Petwhac', many events that can happen to individuals may mean nothing, but put together they may just solve everything.

O7
Reactions:
GURU-951 and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian