Rochester
May 7, 2023
#30,316
Princess Astrophil surrounded by the Spiralling Stars

*this post is under development as new data becomes available

Presented below are all of the Maelstrom’s central locations, relative to Sol. In an attempt to ascertain any commonality.

Initially these don’t appear to be distributed evenly around any common centre. However, to the eye they might look more like two sets of diamonds?



In assessing for potential correction, if we overlay a layer of systems based off my ramblings regarding the concept of an ‘underworld’, these diamonds seem to focus upon an area area between Sol and Persephone.

If we draw a sphere of influence from Sol to Achenar (2296) these diamonds do sit just outside its outer rim!



Ironically if you are situated at the system Axis Mundi in this underworld and look towards Delphi, your line of sight passes through the gap between these diamonds!

Also of note is the path of Jaques seems to go around the boundary of one of these diamonds.

Likely coincidence or pattern bias?





Surprisingly, Jormungand and Fintan both seem to sit in between these diamonds?



If we speculate even further, and pull up the generation ships layer too, there’s one potentially spooky correlation!

HR 2351 and the generation ship Epimetheus, where a prisoner was left behind and heard whispers in the void!



Even stranger…

I was able to plot the centres of both these diamonds (to the nearest known systems). From this we can extrapolate outwards, to identify an intersection point!

From this we can calculate an average focal point for all the Maelstroms, the nearest known system I could locate was the system called Mat Zemlya although the surrounding area may be equally worth investigating!

Mat Zemlya is an ancient Slavic Earth mother deity; since the adoption of Christianity it was later identified with Mary?

Is Mary a common theme? Relatively not too far away is LTT 606, ‘Marianne's Journey to Arcadia’ which I’ve postulated previously might be a metaphor for ‘Mary Sidney’, Marianne can be shortened to Mary.

Princess Astrophil aka ‘female royal star lover’ or female ‘Phil’ - Philip, his sister was Lady Mary Sidney, she like her brother were amateur astronomers, they also wrote a ‘child’s story’ (for she was but a child when they wrote it) The Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia.

In addition around Mat Zemlya are at least 3 systems to date all named after Lightning deities and this latitude marks the beginning of the region of L,Y,T, systems.

Other Cmdrs independently plot these Maelstroms to Alpha Hydri which is in the same relative area and is permit locked!

Almost used up my roll of tinfoil here! But by my calculations the combined maelstroms are certainly focused upon the lower celestial hemisphere just above Underworld, along the line of first discovered systems up to 2296!



Is this related? It’s a tower of tinfoil, but it’s based off locational relativity, it just feels odd how these theories seem to correlate.

I accept this is all highly unlikely, and wistful thinking, and considering the Maelstroms were introduced much later than Codex it’s unlikely these are the actual ‘spiralling stars’ unless parts of the Codex are narrative!

In the absence of any real solid data it’s as good as any other hotspot to focus attention around, the Maelstrom’s might not be linked.

I’m currently tooling around Persephone in Legacy, this might be a nice distraction, and fuel my endeavours looking for oddly named systems or potential correlations in this region; hopefully Mat Zemlya has a hyperspace market where I can stock up on tinfoil.

*edited:
Based upon further discoveries about the ‘zone of chaos’ which identifies a spherical zone around Sol as far as Erebus, which is outlined by systems named after gods of storms, thunder and lightning. This zone effectively identifies a Miltonian cosmological model in game.

Upon the outer rim of this zone sits Mat Zemlya.

It is my assessment that the Mealstroms are pointing to some aspect of the Raxxla mythology.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10281101
Last edited: Dec 30, 2023
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, Suitret, simulacrae and 3 others