electro
Mar 19, 2023
#29,426
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
The danger in this strategy is that TDW novella occurs a great deal of time following the rumors (which itself may be later than actual discovery* - more on this special word and its' relevance here shortly). Lave is a dictatorship when TDW novella happens. This at minimum puts it somewhere around August 3174 which is after First Thargoid War and following events of GCS Saravasti and GalCop's collapse. That's 878 years bare minimum. So, why did I mention the word "Discovery"? It turns out that is the place where the closest chronological event that can be reliably established to 2296 happened. Arcturus and planet Discovery are settled in 2304 - a mere 8 years following the Raxxla rumors from a ship based out of Tau Ceti. There is another planet Discovery in Exphiay that we do not seem to have good solid dates for its' discovery and colonization.

There's also the matter of the two fundamental limits to how far we could travel:
-Hyperspace/Witchspace technology existing
-Easy access to fuel.

Technology-wise and fuel aren't going to serve as limiters. We have have capable interstellar drives before we leave Sol. Furthermore, Sirius Corporation is founded in Sol and have always created products related to the fusion of Hydrogen, Helium, and especially the hydrogen isotope Tritium. We may have had fuel scoops as far back as Sol in the pre-interstellar era. They definitely had them by the time of the Federal invasion of Achenar which begins in Fall 2323 per Logistical Nightmare beacon in Beta Hydri. This is still centuries before Faraway really becomes functional in the 2800s.

At this point, it should almost be assumed travel capabilities were nearly infinite well before even Faraway. So that leaves us with this:

All distances per EDDB:
Sol -> Arcturus: 36.71 LY
Sol -> Achenar: 139.45 LY
Sol -> Lave: 114.54 LY
Sol -> Exphiay: 313.90 LY
Click to expand...
Yes It gotta be close.. my guess is below 100ly. If something is so hard to find it cant be below 10ly since there is more ship flying now than in the begining of space travel. And If some of this ships found something then it has to be on a planet(in plain sight) or in the void between stars. Most likley very close to Tau ceti.