Han_Zen
Mar 20, 2023
#29,434
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
The danger in this strategy is that TDW novella occurs a great deal of time following the rumors (which itself may be later than actual discovery* - more on this special word and its' relevance here shortly). Lave is a dictatorship when TDW novella happens. This at minimum puts it somewhere around August 3174 which is after First Thargoid War and following events of GCS Saravasti and GalCop's collapse. That's 878 years bare minimum. So, why did I mention the word "Discovery"? It turns out that is the place where the closest chronological event that can be reliably established to 2296 happened. Arcturus and planet Discovery are settled in 2304 - a mere 8 years following the Raxxla rumors from a ship based out of Tau Ceti. There is another planet Discovery in Exphiay that we do not seem to have good solid dates for its' discovery and colonization.

There's also the matter of the two fundamental limits to how far we could travel:
-Hyperspace/Witchspace technology existing
-Easy access to fuel.

Technology-wise and fuel aren't going to serve as limiters. We have have capable interstellar drives before we leave Sol. Furthermore, Sirius Corporation is founded in Sol and have always created products related to the fusion of Hydrogen, Helium, and especially the hydrogen isotope Tritium. We may have had fuel scoops as far back as Sol in the pre-interstellar era. They definitely had them by the time of the Federal invasion of Achenar which begins in Fall 2323 per Logistical Nightmare beacon in Beta Hydri. This is still centuries before Faraway really becomes functional in the 2800s.

At this point, it should almost be assumed travel capabilities were nearly infinite well before even Faraway. So that leaves us with this:

All distances per EDDB:
Sol -> Arcturus: 36.71 LY
Sol -> Achenar: 139.45 LY
Sol -> Lave: 114.54 LY
Sol -> Exphiay: 313.90 LY
Click to expand...
Lave was a dictatorship before Walden took over. It was a dictatorship in Elite, that starts in 3125. TDW novella is not dated, but it's assumed to be set before 3125. Mainly because they use Faraway in the novel and that is not in the game. Thargoids are active in Elite and are mentioned in the novella. This should put the events in TDW to relatively shortly before the game.

The dating is not that important, as TDW is not canon. It's more of a legend, within the game. I suppose we can consider it about as accurate as 'based on a true story' movies.
Reactions:
SergMx