Louis Calvert
Mar 20, 2023
#29,433
Yes, interesting ideas all... hmmm.

My assumption these days is:

1) Whatever/wherever Raxxla was at the time of discovery, it is now not that/there any more
2) Over the last 1,000 years or so Raxxla has been very well hidden by those that control it

Reasons for this speculation:
The Codex equates Raxxla with mythical locations that are amalgams of stories and quasi-real locations horrendously distorted into something new: i.e. "Whatever Raxxla is said to be is unlikely to be what it is, but it'll be something similar".
We're explicitly told that Raxxla is (most likely) controlled by powerful people who keep it secret at all costs. Both in the TDW novella and in the Codex.
Raxxla has been within the 'myth cycle' of the Elite world for over a thousand years, and never widely discovered or revealed by anyone that's looked for it.
The Raxxla myth is extremely specific. TDW novella and the Codex both essentially agree on the broad definition of what Raxxla is.
New Old things to consider:
This is an old one, but I think it's gaining a lot of traction given the latest revelations: Salvation has apparently uploaded his mind to a Guardian-based system, making him a digital consciousness. Regardless of where this plot actually ends up; This might actually give us the answer as to what Raxxla could be - or rather adds weight to older ideas that have been floating around for ages

Speculation:
What if Raxxla is a Guardian Construct data-storage device containing either the stored minds of Guardians, or the collective minds of the Constructs (or both)?

It would fit what we know very well:
An alien 'device' found on a planet.
'gateway' to 'other universes'.
Uploaded consciousness could be considered a 'mystical secret'.
The 'treasure' in those universes would be the collected knowledge and culture of the Guardians. Knowledge that we know for a fact we can use.
Easy to hide, until recently Guardians were unknown to the public.
Easy to defend, and exploitable only by people with a decent backing (i.e. not like a stargate you can just walk through to get treasure, you need technology and infrastructure to access it.)
The Dark Wheel (and everyone else that looks) never found it because they were looking for a particular planet.
Ram Tah told us very early on that the Monolith network was a cornerstone of Guardian society and for a lot of their history they were able to essentially upload and download consciousness, even controlling machines directly, etc. This is what gave rise to the Guardian AI in the first place.

We've speculated here before on why it was that within a few short days of discovery Ram Tah was able to fairly easily translate the Monolith network for a previously unknown alien race. We've speculated before that the collective scientific and military people of humanity have been remarkably unconcerned about exploring the Guardian sites (no excavations, no resource grabs like they did with the Meta-Alloys, etc.). We've also speculated before on how rapidly and easily Guardian technology was integrated with human technology. Our Ship UI has always had a remarkably Guardian-like triangular loading sequence, etc. Loads has been written by lots of people on the strange links between Guardians and Humans.

There's a lot of holes in this theory, of course, but for me the idea that Raxxla is actually some kind of Guardian/Construct mind-uplink repository to a virtual universe/digital planet simulation has recently gained traction. That would explain why it's so easy to hide too - it's probably in a lab, or in the basement of a complex on some planet, or in some station somewhere.

Possibly the Martian Artefact (discovered relatively close (in geography and time) to the first recorded mention of Raxxla) could have been the storage device in question. It's unclear how big Guardian tech needs to be, maybe a device that fits in the palm of a hand could contain vast amounts of data, enough to simulate a planet full of uploaded Guardian minds maybe... like a hard-drive with Elite Dangerous on it...

Twist Ending (just for fun):
What if we're already inside the construct? The Omphalos Rift is the way out, not the way in.
Last edited: Mar 20, 2023
Reactions:
Shadowsnog, Xenia_K, Rochester and 1 other person