CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Mar 20, 2023
#29,440
AnchorWriter said:
R3aktor:
It sounds like you've found the messages for a basic "War" state system, not a Dark Wheel exclusive. The "not our war" is usually from protesters and refugees flying in system, as a cue for evacuation missions available from outposts.


I'd say Ram Tah isn't being completely honest. From the sound of things, he's holding back information, but more from the standpoint of being a treasure hunter turned "expert", whose word we would be expected to rely upon, rather than an expert scientist.

We don't know how he managed to translate the Guardian language so quickly, after all...nor, for that matter, why there are such strong similarities between the Guardians, Humanity, and the insect-like descriptions of the Thargoids during the First War.

- The Guardians were described in therms of their history, which bears similarities to the rise of the Federation, down to the use of a Monolith Network for long distance navigation and communication and Ark ships for transport.

-Weirdly enough, the reddish hued beings with bladed appendages sound more like the buglike Thargoids, if you think of ants or beetles with ridged limbs on their carapices...had Ram Tah mixed this up himself? Or had whatever he used to decipher the obelisks lied to him? Or, for that matter, can we fully rely on what was even recorded via relics abandoned for a considerable length of time? If history is told from the winners' point of view, what should we gather from the account of why the Guardians died out?
Click to expand...
Citation please. This is the original origin of the term "Thargoid" - reaction to a holo-vid from Lave. Which means it is up to you to prove your case as Oresrians look similar.

Origin of "Thargoid" as per "First Thargoid Contact":

The first recorded contact between humanity and the Thargoids took place in 3125, although it has been speculated that there were encounters, albeit ones with no human survivors or witnesses.

A holo clip of the encounter showed showing a brief glimpse of the alien ship, and analysis of the footage revealed characters on the hull reminiscent of the letters 'THARG'. Some argued the characters might in fact be some kind of symbol, but the word nevertheless fell into popular use, giving rise to the name 'Thargoid'.

In the years that followed, scores of encounters with Thargoid vessels were reported, but little concrete evidence emerged, and for a long time nothing more was learned about these mysterious aliens.
Last edited: Mar 20, 2023