Louis Calvert
Mar 19, 2023
#29,422
Things I've been considering:

Ryder senior was killed because he found a clue to the location of Raxxla. He was killed in the very heart of GalCop territory while vacationing with his son before undertaking what he expected to be a dangerous (possibly fatal) journey.*

The area to focus on here is where, when, and how Ryder was killed.

Speculation:
Raxxla is actually pretty easy to reach, probably close to Galcop space (as was) or within it. Possibly even on a core world, very easy to reach, very close to the powerful heart of Galcop.

Reason:
If Raxxla were hard to reach, or intrinsically dangerous to get to, the Cobra pirate ship assassins could have just waited near the end of Ryder's expedition and killed him near Raxxla, when he was already at the very end of a dangerous expedition, resources stretched thin, hard to get word to backup, assuming he actually made it that far. Or intercepted him en route, or just let whoever is at Raxxa kill him.

This approach would also have served to reinforce the myth that the many people who search for Raxxla die in the search. If he told anyone where he was going he wouldn't stand out from all the others that have gone missing exploring out in the void. He'd just be another crazy explorer who vanished out in the black.

Instead, killing him in the heart of Galcop territory had a much higher chance of leaving a trail to follow. Even had Ryder junior not survived, someone might have questioned why a strong pirate attacked such a worthless target - especially given that whoever ordered the assassination (somehow) already knew Ryder senior had found a clue, and therefore knew he may well have told someone who would certainly find such an assassination suspicious.

Killing him while on the expedition could be covered up much more easily, it would be far less public, and any survivors (like Ryder junior) would have no chance of being rescued by a random passer-by.

Unless... Raxxla isn't hard to reach, or intrinsically dangerous to get to.

What if Ryder senior was actually following the clue to Raxxla right then? Rafe assumed Ryder was visting his son before gearing up, but what if Ryder was simply following up the clue he found incognito? What's more inconspicuous in the world of Elite than a small-time solo trader on a small-time trade run with his son on a well-used route.

And what's the best way of hiding anything?

In plain sight.


*(Assuming that The Dark Wheel 1984 Novella is the basis for Raxxla in Elite Dangerous: I think this is the case based on a lot of the evidence presented by so, so, so many people here on this thread).
Reactions:
Xenia_K, electro, Rochester and 1 other person