CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Mar 19, 2023
#29,425
Louis Calvert said:
Things I've been considering:

Ryder senior was killed because he found a clue to the location of Raxxla. He was killed in the very heart of GalCop territory while vacationing with his son before undertaking what he expected to be a dangerous (possibly fatal) journey.*

The area to focus on here is where, when, and how Ryder was killed.

Speculation:
Raxxla is actually pretty easy to reach, probably close to Galcop space (as was) or within it. Possibly even on a core world, very easy to reach, very close to the powerful heart of Galcop.


If Raxxla were hard to reach, or intrinsically dangerous to get to, the Cobra pirate ship assassins could have just waited near the of Ryder's expedition and killed him near Raxxla, when he was already at the very end of a dangerous expedition, resources stretched thin, hard to get word to backup, assuming he actually made it that far. Or intercepted him en route, or just let whoever is at Raxxa kill him.

This approach would also have served to reinforce the myth that the many people who search for Raxxla die in the search. If he told anyone where he was going he wouldn't stand out from all the others that have gone missing exploring out in the void. He'd just be another crazy explorer who vanished out in the black.

Instead, killing him in the heart of Galcop territory had a much higher chance of leaving a trail to follow. Even had Ryder junior not survived, someone might have questioned why a strong pirate attacked such a worthless target - especially given that whoever ordered the assassination (somehow) already knew Ryder senior had found a clue, and therefore knew he may well have told someone who would certainly find such an assassination suspicious.

Killing him while on the expedition could be covered up much more easily, it would be far less public, and any survivors (like Ryder junior) would have no chance of being rescued by a random passer-by.

Unless... Raxxla isn't hard to reach, or intrinsically dangerous to get to.

What if Ryder senior following the clue to Raxxla? Rafe assumed Ryder was visting his son before gearing up, but what if Ryder was simply following up the clue he found? What's more inconspicuous in the world of Elite than a small-time solo trader on a small-time trade run with his son on a well-used route.

And what's the best way of hiding anything?

In plain sight.


*(Assuming that is the basis for Raxxla in Elite Dangerous: I think this is the case based on a lot of the evidence presented by so, so, so many people here on this thread).
Click to expand...
The danger in this strategy is that TDW novella occurs a great deal of time following the rumors (which itself may be later than actual discovery* - more on this special word and its' relevance here shortly). Lave is a dictatorship when TDW novella happens. This at minimum puts it somewhere around August 3174 which is after First Thargoid War and following events of GCS Saravasti and GalCop's collapse. That's 878 years bare minimum. So, why did I mention the word "Discovery"? It turns out that is the place where the closest chronological event that can be reliably established to 2296 happened. Arcturus and planet Discovery are settled in 2304 - a mere 8 years following the Raxxla rumors from a ship based out of Tau Ceti. There is another planet Discovery in Exphiay that we do not seem to have good solid dates for its' discovery and colonization.

There's also the matter of the two fundamental limits to how far we could travel:
-Hyperspace/Witchspace technology existing
-Easy access to fuel.

Technology-wise and fuel aren't going to serve as limiters. We have have capable interstellar drives before we leave Sol. Furthermore, Sirius Corporation is founded in Sol and have always created products related to the fusion of Hydrogen, Helium, and especially the hydrogen isotope Tritium. We may have had fuel scoops as far back as Sol in the pre-interstellar era. They definitely had them by the time of the Federal invasion of Achenar which begins in Fall 2323 per Logistical Nightmare beacon in Beta Hydri. This is still centuries before Faraway really becomes functional in the 2800s.

At this point, it should almost be assumed travel capabilities were nearly infinite well before even Faraway. So that leaves us with this:

All distances per EDDB:
Sol -> Arcturus: 36.71 LY
Sol -> Achenar: 139.45 LY
Sol -> Lave: 114.54 LY
Sol -> Exphiay: 313.90 LY
Last edited: Mar 19, 2023