Jorki Rasalas
May 29, 2019
#8,302
Tacticus2711 said:
I agree
I also found this about the Thargoids and the project dynasty (don’t worry it’s cannon)
"You don't know what I've seen. I've sailed beyond the Formidine Rift, seen the fleets of Octagonal ships blocking out the stars. I've stood on lost worlds, sterilised clean by the Thargoids and erased from humanity's maps. I've seen the graves from the Thargoid wars, countless headstones stretching beyond the curvature of the horizon, little spots of reflected light dottering the abandoned continent ..."
This is pretty much proof Thargoids have a part to play in Raxxla, the dynasty project was to find new life but was actually used to try and find Raxxla. This can’t be a coincidence with the overlays and restricted areas but as of now I’m unable to travel cause I need to get my cutter

Think you’re getting yourself confused here. Project Dynasty was the mystery behind the Formidine Rift hunt and Salomé’s storyline, as told by Drew Wagar in the books Elite Reclamation and Elite Premonition. The story was that Dynasty was an project by a mysterious organisation called The Club to find Earthlike Worlds in three regions of space for the elite (Federation, Empire and Alliance) of humanity to escape to in the event of the Thargoid invasion, leaving the rest of humanity behind to act as a “meat shield” to distract the goids. The in-game evidence came through the Teorge listening post logs of Salomé’s messages.

The quote you refer to is from one of the books which I believe is not canon for ED. This was discussed in the Formidine Rift threads.

Don’t see how you conclude Raxxla is related to Thargoids from the above. They may, they may not; there seems no evidence either way. Though there is some information that they are more interested in Soonthill than Raxxla,but I can’t remember the source reference. Thargoids aren’t mentioned in either Codex entries for Dark Wheel or Raxxla, which seem to be the only information on Raxxla given out by FD, other than “it is in game and has been since the gamma”. All the relevant evidence is mentioned on the first page of this thread.
Reactions:
Ayradyss, rOmiLaYu and Thatchinho