Han_Zen
May 29, 2019
#8,312
Tacticus2711 said:
After finding this in game and then finding the same thing online I may have identified something
View attachment 133007
This is a spectrogram of Thargoid origin that is emitted via sound waves from the Thargoid star map device and after decodation produces this. This spectrogram picture shows 2 star systems, Merope and one other unidentifiable system.
This ‘map’ shows us 2 stars on the top with Thargoid looking relics/devices on the bottom with curved waves pointing away And pointing two the star systems.
On the merope system the 2nd planet is selected with a line through it and the Thargoid site is on Merope planet 5 C, coordinates -26.35, -156.40. What’s interesting is the system is missing a planet or has been given one extra by the spectrogram and is still unknown why. Raxxla is described as a moving planet and well this spectrogram which is identified as being of Thargoid origin and ancient shows a planet where the currently isn’t one. Coincidence? Think not.
It is still unknown what this map is for but as we know from Soontil, Thargoids have had a part in the Raxxla mystery. What I find interesting here is that the mesh things look strangely like galactic coordinates to a unidentifiable system. Now here’s where it gets interesting, Merope is at the edge of one of the irregular hexagons thingys I pointed out in a previous post and the 4 lines obtruding from the mesh thing when placed over the Raxxla flag touch 4 different points.
Now let’s say you rotate this 90 degrees clockwise. The merope star system on the right is now on the bottom, where it actually is on the galaxy map and I suspect Its at the right area for the Raxxla flag. The second shown star system is all the way past the centre of the Milky Way and is in a permit controlled area but it’s self isn’t permit controlled. The 8 lines coming from the mesh like things cross over at certain areas. The same areas where my previously discussed line crossovers where on the Raxxla flag which gave a possibly more precise areas to search at. This could be an indication to where Raxxla could be.
It is also know these Thargoid devices shown are needed to active the star map on the Thargoid sites and it shows these need to be transported to different locations in the galaxy

(If you haven’t seen my previous posts I suggest you do other wise this won’t make sense)
Click to expand...

Thatchinho has covered most of this. I just want to point out that Raxxla has never been described as a moving planet. There are infarct very few descriptions of Raxxla. We have The Dark Wheel(the book), which is considered pseudo lore. It's not true lore but accepted as a legend in the game.
Raxxla is mentioned by name in a few other official books, but with no info. Mostly by a character that does not believe it exists.
Other than this, there is only the Codex and some vague hints in the mission descriptions on page 1.

Much of the false info comes from Oolite stuff. That is fan made and has absolutely no value.

The function of the Thargoid map is fully understood and decoded. Nothing points any deeper meaning than defining a position in space. The significance of Merope and Merope 5C is still unknown though.
Reactions:
Lori Jameson, [PS4] Filthymick420, Thatchinho and 1 other person