Thatchinho
May 29, 2019
#8,305
Tacticus2711 said:
After finding this in game and then finding the same thing online I may have identified something
View attachment 133007
This is a spectrogram of Thargoid origin that is emitted via sound waves from the Thargoid star map device and after decodation produces this. This spectrogram picture shows 2 star systems, Merope and one other unidentifiable system.
This ‘map’ shows us 2 stars on the top with Thargoid looking relics/devices on the bottom with curved waves pointing away And pointing two the star systems.
On the merope system the 2nd planet is selected with a line through it and the Thargoid site is on Merope planet 5 C, coordinates -26.35, -156.40. What’s interesting is the system is missing a planet or has been given one extra by the spectrogram and is still unknown why. Raxxla is described as a moving planet and well this spectrogram which is identified as being of Thargoid origin and ancient shows a planet where the currently isn’t one. Coincidence? Think not.
It is still unknown what this map is for but as we know from Soontil, Thargoids have had a part in the Raxxla mystery. What I find interesting here is that the mesh things look strangely like galactic coordinates to a unidentifiable system. Now here’s where it gets interesting, Merope is at the edge of one of the irregular hexagons thingys I pointed out in a previous post and the 4 lines obtruding from the mesh thing when placed over the Raxxla flag touch 4 different points.
Now let’s say you rotate this 90 degrees clockwise. The merope star system on the right is now on the bottom, where it actually is on the galaxy map and I suspect Its at the right area for the Raxxla flag. The second shown star system is all the way past the centre of the Milky Way and is in a permit controlled area but it’s self isn’t permit controlled. The 8 lines coming from the mesh like things cross over at certain areas. The same areas where my previously discussed line crossovers where on the Raxxla flag which gave a possibly more precise areas to search at. This could be an indication to where Raxxla could be.
It is also know these Thargoid devices shown are needed to active the star map on the Thargoid sites and it shows these need to be transported to different locations in the galaxy

(If you haven’t seen my previous posts I suggest you do other wise this won’t make sense)
Click to expand...
Think you've got the wrong end of the stick with some stuff here. I'll tackle it.

On the left in the image is Merope. On the right is Col 70 Sector FY-N C21-3 (though it's Permit Locked so it can't be 100% confirmed, but it's pretty certain).

The line on the planets denotes a ring.

All the bodies in Merope are there in the diagram, there's not one missing. Compare it if needs be: https://www.edsm.net/en_GB/system/bodies/id/25355/name/Merope

What this is for is known. It symbolises how to use the Thargoid Device at one site, along with the Probe, Sensor and Link to determine the location of other sites.

Not really sure what you're referring to when you say we know from Soontill that Thargoids have a part in the Raxxla mystery. There's no connection. (Unless counting the rumour I mentioned that Soontil was to the Thargoids what Raxxla is to us.)
Reactions:
Lori Jameson, Midian Cabal, Rochester and 5 others