Jorki Rasalas
Aug 23, 2022
#26,781
Non Grata said:
Out of interest, how is this known?

I'm asking as at some point between the Dev hyperspace video mentioned a few posts ago, and the release of the game, a new hyperspace animation was added. Not sure if it arrived with gamma or before.
Pretty sure that DB said it somewhere, but I havent got the source reference (if anyone finds it please let me know!)

Nearest I can find on my FDQuotes thread is DJTruthsayer interview with Drew Wagar.
Source: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/85666548

17m: Drew says DB first mention of Raxxla in-game was at pre-launch or launch party

But that link no longer works for me....

(Edit2: just found someone uploaded to YT, though the 17mins DB+Raxxla reference seems to be different, but haven't got time to listen all the way through
m.youtube.com/watch?v=09Qgz7_JCpE
)

Edit: been googling over lunch- a great way to waste time and get indigestion! Cant even get the forum search to apply “drew” to find Drew Wagar’s posts! Are FD redacting him??

Eventually refound his lore questions thread as my link to that had stopped working
Lore questions. :)
Folks, I wrote a couple of official books in the ED universe a while back, which meant a reasonable knowledge of the background lore. If anyone has questions about in-game lore stuff from the dawn of time until now post below and I'll do my best to answer. :) Cheers, Drew.
forums.frontier.co.uk

I believe his question about Raxxla to David Braben was (from his archived blog from wayback machine) at BAFTA event on 7th July2014, his blog was the next day so a reasonably safe source!
The day I met David Braben | Drew Wagar Official Site
archived 12 Feb 2015 13:26:54 UTC
archive.ph

In his forum lore thread Drew said “David's statement on Raxxla was given to me in direct response to me asking him whether Raxxla was in Elite Dangerous or not, during the Bafta event in 2014.

He responded with “It’s out there and we know where it is.””

and 8th July was the release date for the beta, though clearly DB would have had access to it (and possibly at that time also the gamma?) before it was released
Elite Dangerous Release History - Lave Wiki
lavewiki.com

So maybe Raxxla has been in-game since the beta?

Edit3: the patch notes are here if you want to check, though more likely to be phrased as “mysterious things” than “Raxxla”
News & Bulletins
forums.frontier.co.uk
Last edited: Aug 23, 2022
Reactions:
Non Grata and Rochester