Jorki Rasalas
Aug 24, 2022
#26,792
Cunder said:
So interesting enough I thought I look to see who ever reported this in the past and googled "Elite Dangerous Place that is not a place, A door that is also a key". I found an old reddit post from 7 years that gave the system by Cmdr_Fernweh. I not sure if this was discussed back then but it goes back to the whole Fortune again.

I checked to see what is so interesting about HIP 118321 and check the factions existing in this system. The one in control of the system is interesting enough HIP 118321 Fortune Incorporated. I am allied with them but I can't think of why and what purpose, Either I did it a long time ago when I tried to raise Empire rank and got bored cause I was trying to get a Cutter. Or another reason which I don't remember anymore.

Edit: Another thing about this user is they only posted 5 times 7 years ago and never done so since.

Edit2: Is it me or does this seem coincidental based on Raxxla codex of using Fernweh and then ' ' it for some reason.
Click to expand...
Mmm, that is one of the old Elite/Founder missions that were given out at Shinrarta/Jameson Memorial. Long deleted from game, just about the same time I started playing so never got the chance to try one...See Macros’ summary on the first page of this thread! Interesting it’s in HIP 118321 though and not Shinrarta
@Rochester @Han_Zen @Macros Black -any comments/thoughts gentlemen?

Apparently they led nowhere and were dropped (or replaced by something else yet to be discovered?) in the mission system changes in late Dec2015/early2016. They did seem to be aimed at the Raxxla myth, and seemed to be handed out by Pilot’s Federation working against TDW faction in Shinrarta. Make of that what you will!

Edit: Fernweh is a German term, so perhaps not unsurprisingly used as a Cmdr name by a German player; doesn’t seem to be a hint etc to me. Could have been seen and triggered a thought in FD’s collective consciousness ( I think they’re governed by a Guardian AI! ) for later use in the Codex.

Might be worth checking out that system though...I’m really surprised it appeared anywhere other than Shinrarta.

Edit2: and it’s also on Reddit, with no pictorial evidence that the claim is genuine...Reddit is notorious for trolling!
Last edited: Aug 24, 2022
Reactions:
Rochester