BluWolve
Dec 5, 2019
#13,779
FullM3talX said:
tinfoil time!
im starting to think that the word RAXXLA itself is going to be an essential key to finding raxxla. i'll tell you why:

first, i know that the dark wheel novella shouldn't be taken too seriously as facts, but then again, so many stuff from it is in the game. so who knows... when jason ryder was puting his son alex into the pod, and told him "Remember: raxxla!" he didnt tell him remember about raxxla, or remember where is raxxla, or what is raxxla. he just simply said : remember raxxla, the word itself. like if that word by itself holds enaugh meaning and information for his son. he trusted that, just with that word, his son would be able to do something with it. no further information needed. no further clues. just like how FD said about how there would be no more clues about it. as if all the clues are already there. but all we know about raxxla, is it's name!

this would also fit so well with "the key that is also the door" if the word raxxla itself is a key, that would lead to the door that is raxxla, then that would make raxxla the key and the door. as if we are looking for the door Raxxla, and to find it, we use the key word Raxxla. but what does raxxla the word mean exactly? how much can we extract from it? it certainly seems like a strange word. i will try to pursue in this direction for a while ... and see where it leads me. (hopefully not streight into a brick wall... but im used to it at this point might aswell)
Click to expand...
Haha funnily enough I was actually thinking this exact same thing today!

SPOILER: J. RYDER FINAL WORDS

Just not sure where to go with it? My first thought was it could be some kind of code, like each letter represents a different letter or number. I am no code breaker though, and have no idea if it would lead anywhere anyway. Crazy though we both had the same thought. Maybe we have just both spent too long in the rabbit hole wearing tin foil hats haha. Regardless - just like you said, brick walls are nothing new to me either ¯\(ツ)/¯
Last edited: Dec 5, 2019
Reactions:
FullM3talX