Jorki Rasalas
Jul 5, 2024
#34,449
Rochester said:
OT Serpentis or Dahan are very good candidates, falling as they do along the outer rim of chaos, very close to the ‘Morrigans’ and Sheela na gig, potential identifiers for the Empyrean, they are in the correct fulcrum - if we trust the Miltonian concept.

The codex logo still might identify some unknown elements. I still suspect the ‘dotted’ hexagon identifies “something” hidden, within something else?

The six points I can speculate relate somehow to six somethings around a certain body with a ring - if we accept the garden design.

Does it need 6 Cmdrs with 6 trinkets?

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'


Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
Click to expand...
To my mind it must mean either:
1) 6 ringed bodies
2) 6 mineral hotspots - this is my favoured hypothesis, especially since planetary ring hotspots came out at the same time as the codex. And also wrt to: Beyond - Chapter Four - Exploration Reveal livestream 18Oct2018 : @1:29:58 Adam Bourke-Waite (Senior Designer) said “that thing we haven’t shown” (i.e. Raxxla codex entry) “there’s elements of that that are probably my favourite parts of this”
3) 6 moons of a ringed body.

But the garden design does seem to indicate in both middle and right panels 6 something's within a ring, hence preference for hypothesis #2.

@Ian Doncaster : we have had, several times over the years in this thread, the hypothesis postulated that "RAXXLA" might be Right Ascension 20 ... from Sol's viewpoint, HOWEVER what if the name is a clue to the positioning within its system? The seed for the planetary belt definition? It's location within the belt? I don't think Right Ascension can be directly applied in an alien system- no Vernal Equinox/Point of Aries to measure from??

Edit
I'm also strongly suspicious that Trinkets of Hidden Fortune are relevant to the solution. We might have to carry them in our ship's hold to activate Raxxla, but what if the TOHF name is somehow relevant to it's location? Or the TOHF description? That would indeed be obfuscation!
Last edited: Jul 5, 2024
Reactions:
Rochester