Louis Calvert
Jul 6, 2024
#34,459
Ataxia said:
Here is one of the 'translation'

The 'numbers' are in plain text, just a pain to read lower frequencies. I don't think they are meaningless but the meaning may be a bit harder to understand. So far any data I've gotten is circumstantual, I'm waiting on a second 6 hr data translation to do a comparison on for similarities or repeating data.
and @selbie

The issue is that any 'random' set of anything will eventually show apparently meaningful clumping. That's the nature of random.

That's why Spotify doesn't use a 'random' shuffle - because it did originally and people complained that sometimes they'd hear the same song five times in a row, because that's what random means.

If you flip a coin, it's 50/50 right? So you'd expect if you charted those flips you'd not really find any 'patterns' in that data. But, because it's random, what you actually see is that sometimes you'll flip Heads 10 times in a row followed by 10 tails in a row followed by 5 Heads and 5 Tails... if you flip coins long enough that sequence will happen. Flip enough coins for long enough and you'll be able to find Morse code for S.O.S. or binary encoding for Pi in those coin flips...

"...dice don't know what the dice did last time" - Donna Noble

Numbers and letters generated by a random algorithm don't have memories, they don't know if they're making meaningful sense, and from what I've seen people are essentially 'transcribing' long strings of 36 characters from the station signals, that means you end up with strings of thousands(?) of characters for each hours-long recording, right?

I would challenge that if you put A-Z 0-9 into a random number generator and got it to output a string of equivalent length to the 'transcribed' station code then showed both sets to someone in a blind test - they'd be able to find some meaningful clumping in both sets of numbers, and more so they'd struggle to point out which string was from the stations and which from the random number generator.


The fact that it's apparently random means that (as I read on the main thread about this) the 'message' (assuming there is one) is encoded in something more than 4,000 characters long, presumably the longest yet-transcribed sequence.

And, again, there's no lore connection here at all to Raxxla that anyone has explained so far. That's very important because so far we've got:
A random sound emitted from some stations can be interpreted as containing numbers and letters by some people when viewed in the spectrogram.
There appears to be no meaning to this, the numbers and letters appear totally random.
There's no consistency in the recordings (no-one has found matching sequences in different recordings indicating it's the 'same message' being broadcast).
There's nothing in the Codex (the only in-game source of any real info on Raxxla) to suggest that we should be looking for stations spitting out code.
The Myth of Raxxla as it's commonly known doesn't include anything on stations spitting out code either.
There's no lore explanation as to why code strings from some stations might be connected to Raxxla.
So... I love the enthusiasm here, but I would ask that you turn this enthusiasm to the actual, literal, 'unexplained' artificial signal coming from near Stuemeae JM-W C1-5825 that's genuinely strange and requires people to examine much more closely than has been done so far.
Reactions:
simulacrae