Noobilite
Apr 22, 2019
#7,634
Johnb09 said:
some tinfoil here looking at this it states...Ancient history believed the moon of Lave to be Raxxla;however Lave has no visible moon... what if there was a moon then! just now its called castellan belt castellan we all know to be a governor/warden but as a massive doctor who fan I know this word to mean High ranking time lord.. has the castellan belt ever been searched something could be there in my head

1. Sadly those links are broken.
2. This gave me an idea. What if galaxy is not refering to another galaxy. It could easily be "Galaxy" singular. As in a map of the galaxy or referencing the focus as galaxy and simple quadrants etc. It's a map of the galaxy: 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8. I've already gone over 1-4 map and 1 has stuff in the bubble. Map 2 has one known location in the bubble near it. Atius system. So, if you think of it as purposely being labeled galaxy as in a map of part of the galaxy with numbers it makes more sense. What is odd is that so far nothing but map 1 and 2 have locations. Although they all have anomolous search results that don't fit the exact name. So, this could help find location. Or, I'm assuming the names are lost or unused. Is there a lore reason, possibly from troubles with hyperspace, that the names are different or gone, or we are dislocated from those parts of space and those things are not part of modern maps. It could be those maps are just on the other side of the galaxy and are lost colonies from earlier hyperspace tech. That or they are all in the same area and the names are different or the stars are not represented. Either lore wise we dont' have access, or they have different names or just not there. I wonder about the different names thing.

BTW, there are several systems with seemingly just suns. Some times with asteroids. I didn't write them all down and my alt tabbing abilities are limited until probably a lucky change in wine.

It might be a good idea to fully figure out the difference between past game maps and our current one. It might make it much easier to understand the game world.

Mind you the known system they are in is the one by the pilots federation. I believe they are the ones controlling all the permits and data ultimately. Say, normal major power factions or normal military personnel? If not that is a lot of protection. Can non pilots get into shinatra? If not that just means we are insiders in ED. Maybe TDW was not really that big of a secret in the wider scheme of things. Maybe they have always been known by major powers and factions but not as known by the little people. The older stories could be from the more common mans perspective. The story of Jason and his father was Jason starting from a common mans perspective having not been raised into it by his father. So, that is already the basic story perspective from the first game. We might be massively overcomplicating things.

Midian Cabal said:
Drew himself admitted that his characters don't always tell the truth, so...

Edit: Besides, Drew doesn't have any information whatsoever about anything related to Raxxla.

But there is nothing fundamentally wrong about that statement. She specifically says rookie pilots. The only pilots who can get into TDW space is an elite pilot. So, technically there is no issue there. TDW was supposed to be an explorers guild basically. They sound like they were running from the corruption of the major powers. If you take all of that at face value it perfectly fits them in the game world basically. The game could just be spilling all of this out for us with no mystery. Maybe to get us to find things more quickly. And maybe to advance certain story elements.
Last edited: Apr 22, 2019
Reactions:
Count dEstard and Midian Cabal