El Saico
May 10, 2024
#34,027
Rochester said:
Yes ultimately this gateway can’t logically take us anywhere physically outside the ED galaxy, FD has effectively confirmed that, your correct.

The lore does exist to back up this concept of an alternate reality, the Guardian network is simply a digital alternate reality, in the same ilk so is Utopia’s Sim Archives… this is a game, with limitations, so such information is not just arbitrary nor irrelevant (unless FD remove it) it’s intentional, and within the narrative, so it ought to have some relevance!

This concept holds with the general idea for the Celtic Otherworld. It is not an actual afterlife, but a location that exists in an alternate dimension. So in effect FD has essentially probably already told us what Raxxla might reveal, access to and probably communion with the Guardians, themselves the ‘tribe of the gods’, a version of The Tuatha Dé Danann.

This is why the Empyrean concept works, where I hypothesised it is someplace close to the , it ties in with the Starship One encounters with the ‘caretakers’. Who I believe are one and the same - in game.

This makes sense to me, it’s evident FD altered a previous narrative, our knowledge of the Guardians etc was handed to us after the fact via the Update, I do presume the original narrative would have likewise ‘hinted’ at this, but it was dropped in favour of this current trajectory..

Again I love this concept of Raxxla as it actually reflects upon the original source material from Holdstock perfectly. In his DW novella RH talks of alternate realities too, this in itself was not arbitrary, but an extrapolation of his existing lore linked to concepts of Celtic Otherworlds.

Thinking abstractly there’s no great leap of logic to presume the Sim Archive is based upon the Raxxla technology, potentially alluding we might all be in a VR reality (which we are)… ultimately that’s not very original, but it’s ‘achievable’ to represent in game.

If the DW and Raxxla could be one and the same, if not then logically it’s inclusion ought to give more information on Raxxla. We have to entertain the possibility Raxxla is already known to some and exploited, which might be hinted at through existing clues, it could have been built into a station.

The Miltonian aspect, I believe gives it a location, and again ties it neatly back in Holdstock mythic origins for Elite. The text of Paradise Lost may likewise have given shape to Raxxla, in so much as the ‘Pendant’ globe does have a dimensional gateway - possibly two; to Heaven and the other to Eden…

The Raxxla logo, I might presume is showing us this concept, an omphalos at the centre of something, its boundaries described by a hexagon, and its portal, it’s gateway, much like the passage from the crystalline sphere into our universe, represented by another hexagon, I sometimes imagine the logo is a graphical representation of what Satan saw when he looked down from his initial vantage point.

I still think we’re incredibly close.





Click to expand...
Something interesting about the Delphic omphalos it that it has an Abrahamic counterpart in Jerusalem: the Foundation Stone, at the center of the Dome of the Rock.

It's said to have been the site of the Holy of Holies - a place where God's presence can be particularly felt - on Solomon's Temple and its successor Second Temple; and could only be accessed once a year, on Yom Kippur, by its High Priest (the only such occasion where YHVH's true name could be pronounced!)
Jewish tradition explicitly holds it as an axis mundi for this reason, and Muslims believe that Muhammad visited Heaven by ascending in the same general area. Not to mention the Well of Souls, a cave accessible by a hole in that rock, where Crusaders mistakenly believed the Holy of Holies to be.

(I've been meaning to talk about it for a while, but this is the first time I feel it's relevant)
Last edited: May 10, 2024
Reactions:
Rochester