Louis Calvert
Nov 20, 2023
#32,114
A lot of folks are looking for something like a giant alien stargate in space, or on an airless moon somewhere, or like the Guardian Ruins just sitting there empty. I don't think that's what Raxxla is. ("You don't know what it is" - DB)

We know from the Codex:
Raxxla also plays a role in several conspiracy theories, most of which attest that it has already been discovered by some kind of sinister cabal (or sole tyrant), which has leveraged its power to establish covert dominance over humanity.

This is mirrored in The Dark Wheel novella.
"Because there are people on Raxxla already. This is only a guess, mind you, but from what happened to Jason I'd say it was close to being right. We've long suspected that a corps of Eites lives there, and are exploiting the gateway. They're powerful, twisted men. Powerful enough to hire an assassin to kill the threat to their dominance"

'The ship that killed Jason was no pirate. He was killed because he'd found something. Something that certain parties were deeply unhappy that he'd found.'

The Dark Wheel have spent over 1000 years looking for Raxxla and never found it - or, anyone that did find it never told anyone (for whatever reason)...

Because Raxxla is being protected.

We're looking for something being actively used: Raxxla (assuming a planet) will be populated. There will be ships. A station in orbit. Presumably they'll respond aggressively if someone approaches. Presumably there will be some identifier (like Black Flight was spotted before it was confirmed to exist). The Omphalos Rift gate will presumably be in a facility of some sort.

I think rather than trying to find Raxxla, we really should be looking for whoever controls it right now.

"leveraged its power to establish covert dominance over humanity"

What could this mean??
What power could it be that has allowed covert dominance? (profit from selling alien tech? Using alien tech? mind-control rays? glimpses into the future?)
In what way is humanity covertly dominated? (what form has this domination taken??)
Is there evidence of this covert domination? (presumably there must be some examples?)
Has anyone else (in the lore) found evidence of covert domination (but not linked it to Raxxla?)
What would be different if humanity hadn't been covertly dominated? (i.e. is there evidence of being held back?)
Who has demonstrated covert dominance? (not like Sirius' obvious economic dominance, or the Empire/Fed's social dominance)
The key is covert; Whoever controls Raxxla has been secretly using its power to dominate humanity secretly, presumably for centuries.

Really what immediately springs to mind for me is the Pilot's Federation (or at least a sub-faction thereof).

Thoughts?
Reactions:
El Saico, Raz Griffin, Bushido Brown and 1 other person