Louis Calvert
Nov 19, 2023
#32,102
Jorki Rasalas said:
Permits are implemented by the Pilots' Federation who control the ships' FSD. The question to ask is why are the PF banning travel into those regions, and how do they know that those regions should be permit locked?

The only thing that makes sense IMHO is that PF is controlled by a Guardian descendent, or Guardian AI, and that control has been exerted since the outset of space flight. Taken together with the Alien Artefact excavated on Mars it suggests a Guardian influence on humanity's development since pre-history.
It strikes me that Guardian technology remains are primarily monoliths, which to me implies that 2001 Space Odyssey may have influenced more than just the ED docking music.
It's certainly true that there's a lot of things that connect PF technology with Guardian technology, years back on Dreamstate's Guardian thread we talked about the likelihood that our tech is already Guardian-based:

SPOILER: SOME LINKS IN-GAME BETWEEN GUARDIANS AND HUMANITY


















This idea puts me in mind of the Raxxla Codex entry:

Raxxla also plays a role in several conspiracy theories, most of which attest that it has already been discovered by some kind of sinister cabal (or sole tyrant), which has leveraged its power to establish covert dominance over humanity.

In this case we might call whatever Guardian descendant that's shaped humanity's future "having established covert dominance over humanity", and plenty of people would consider aliens ruling secretly over humanity to be 'sinister'.

As much as this all tracks for me, I can't see how Raxxla (as expressed in the idea of the Omphalos Rift) fits in to any of this? I just can't see where Raxxla might appear, I guess I mean I can't see the 'hole' in this particular thought experiment that would be neatly filled by "an alien artefact, the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed."

Thoughts?
Reactions:
AnchorWriter, Ian Doncaster, Rochester and 2 others