Rochester
Nov 19, 2023
#32,103
Interesting read:

Ways Through the Wood: The Rogue Cartographies of Robert Holdstock’s Mythago Wood Cycle as a Cognitive Map for Creative Process in Fiction
Author: Kevan Manwaring

I found the identification of ‘borders and thresholds’ a wonderful contextualisation of the various works of Holdstock; mirroring the in game ‘lost realm’ zone.

I do believe more and more this zone is a definitive Holdstock Easter Egg, and we need FD to acknowledge it for its genius.

‘the notion of borders’ - ‘resonates through Holdstock’s oeuvre’ “Borderlands”; “Liminal Beings”; “Thresholds” are maps to the meaning of the text’.

‘This subjective obfuscation is part of Holdstock’s strategy: we cannot see the wood for the trees’.

Ways Through the Wood: The Rogue Cartographies of Robert Holdstock’s Mythago Wood Cycle as a Cognitive Map for Creative Process in Fiction :: National Association of Writers in Education ::

There’s some brilliant insights into the works of fiction is developing mythical lands (e.g Raxxla).

‘Atwood suggests, in her discussion of “ustopias”, her hybrid term for dystopias/utopias which proliferate in Science Fiction and Fantasy, cartographical concerns are critical: “any writer of ustopias has to answer 3 necessary questions: where is it, when is it, and – in relation to maps – what shape is it? For unless we readers can believe in the ustopia as a potentially mappable place, we will not suspend our disbelief willingly.” (2004: 73)’ Margaret Atwood.

I especially enjoyed this quote from Holdstock which encapsulates his world building; maybe it goes someway to explain Raxxla if it is a homage, this might give some credibility to the hypothesis that we Cmdrs exist within a Guardian simulation?

‘Our world is the spirit world as far as some mythagos are concerned. They emerge to touch their maker, the mind from which they are drawn. (1994: 118)’ Robert Holdstock.
Last edited: Nov 20, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Edelgard von Rhein and Emperor