Jorki Rasalas
Nov 20, 2023
#32,109
Bushido Brown said:
the previously published Frontier Gazetteer and First Encounters News Journals

I'd hoped for something more to go on when I saw these highlighted:

Space stations Columbus and Titan City

Columbus orbits Io around Jupiter and Titan City orbits Titan around Saturn. Both are of historical interest only in that they used to be fabulous holiday resorts when they were the most distant settlements. Unfortunately with easier travel they changed from very pleasant venues to the vacation destinations of the masses. The quiet atmosphere has been shattered by loud music intended to confince you that a good time is being had by all. It blares forth from gift boutiques selling such items as a bottle of Genuine Red Spot Gas and Saturn Ring Rock jewellery.

This might be the only reason for the palm tree station, though.

Been looking over breakfast at some old posts of mine which has resurrected some thoughts...

The date of first recorded rumour is early, so the idea of Raxxla was originated from before or shortly after humanity had achieved interstellar travel.

We know DB was impressed by 2001 Space Odyssey (e.g. Blue Danube music for docking in at least 2 games), but there were subsequent books. The first book had the gateway monolith on Saturn's moon Iapetus, but that was changed in the 2001SO film to in Jupiter orbit.

Augustus Brenquith’s message capsule “was recovered from outside the orbit of Jupiter” (TB 0216). According to Allen Stroud’s thesis the Alien Mars Relic was originally supposed to have been returned by a probe from orbit around Jupiter's moon Europa, but that was changed in-game to excavated on the surface of Mars (perhaps because highlighting Jupiter was too obvious?).

The second “2010:Odyssey Two” book/film had Jupiter turned by the monoliths into a star named Lucifer.

The translation of "Shinrarta Dezhra" is “In life she saw hope”, and that would make sense if one of the Guardian ark ships came to Sol or SD and a female Guardian founded the PF to get humanity combat fit for the Thargoid struggle and is controlling the FSD permits to prevent humanity going where it is not yet fit to survive.

Consider the Toast:
"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!
To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void!
The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts.
To Raxxla!"

Now I posted recently that Luna might fit the Jewel, as the mother could be Mother Gaia, and it also fits the logo since Luna was one aspect of the Triple Goddess. Lucifer fits the second line (in Paradise Lost he whispered temptation in Eve's ear, and inhabited the deepest void).

Jupiter was the Roman Jove, the Sky Father, king of the gods, primary sacred animal was the eagle, equivalent to Greek Zeus (also eagles- see Omphalos myth). His sacred tree was the oak. Can't see any obvious relation to grief or woe, but run out of time over late breakfast- copawlot needs his walk.....

(Still suspect Uranus' Triton moon being locked and Triton being the start of MB's tattoo is a clue).
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Emperor, selbie and 2 others