Edelgard von Rhein
E
Nov 20, 2023
#32,115
As far as covert dominance is concerned, the trick to determining whether it is the group that controls Raxxla or not depends on whether events could have been influenced in a particular manner by non-external means. By 'external' I mean here both non-human and something unique that only a hypothetical gateway might allow, if that's what it is.

Some examples:
1) The development of FTL travel. This happens before (known) interactions with the Thargoids and Guardians. Is it the result of Raxxla being discovered and exploited by a covert group or the result of human ingenuity and technological advancement? This one might be either, so is a candidate for covert utilisation of Raxxla.
2) The development of AI. This also happens fairly early in the history of spaceflight, though later than the invention of FTL (I don't know of a particular date). As above, it could be either but it was soon dismissed as an avenue for continued research. Technically, the genie was never put back in the bottle completely, so to speak. Human AI are rumoured to still be out there. I feel it is more likely that an AI became a part of a covert group, though whether it is the one that controls Raxxla is not possible to say. I note, however, that Achilles Corp has its HQ in the Thule system in the Lost Realms region.
3) The Dynasty Expedition. This was done covertly but using existing technology. It did not require any external involvement to undertake.
4) The Empire. The founder was a woman interested in creating an independent republic but she was assassinated and the republic replaced by a Roman-like Imperial system that exclusively had male leaders for centuries until Arissa Lavigny-Duval came to power. Possibly an example of covert interference but it hardly requires external involvement. If, however, the heart of the Empire is close to Raxxla, then such a group might want to control the development of the Empire so that the system with Raxxla can continue to be used covertly. But in the current time can it really control the Empire to that extent?
5) The Antares disaster and the loss of Starship One. Both 'accidents' appear to share the same modus operandi. It can certainly be argued that they were sabotage and thus it was in the interests of a covert organisation to set back FSD development and put paid to Halsey's desire for closer relations with the Alliance (she did meet with Edmund Mahon during the voyage). Would it be the group that controls Raxxla? It might be in their interests to stall FSD development as more space traffic would make it harder to maintain secrecy - but how would sabotaging Starship One have helped their cause? This seems less likely to be related to Raxxla, to me.

I don't like to get into conspiracy theory, so I'll leave it there. It is not easy to establish whether something is possible or not without non-human knowledge, technology or intelligence. Every ground-breaking feat could be attributed to alien influence (see a large part of the science fiction genre!). The key I think is to look for commonalities. In that regard we have two major breakthroughs that dwarf everything since - FTL and AI. Maybe Raxxla was found and used - but then lost (or the gateway was closed), or only used very sparingly.
Reactions:
El Saico, Macros Black and Louis Calvert