PanPiper.
Aug 23, 2015
#72
Been sidetracked by the new CG's but not stopped me working on the missions.
Me personally am not a paperwork person so dont expect big tables and stats to analyse, i did try for a few missions taking screenshots etc, thinking maybe type and list the factions out etc.
but seemed a fruitless task after several dozen missions.

Round up of findings so far. i dont have trade or combat elite yet so the sap 8 missions i cant do, leaves the Exploring ones i can.
Black box's for Dark wheel turns mission and Outer rim one delivery of data mission.
Correct me if wrong on these points.
1. Minor Factions in systems only give each mission once ? Although i will get more of the same mission in system , its then from another faction in that system.
I am assuming each minor faction will need each bit of info once, then they need the next part.
Then get the Dark wheel turns mission for a black box after doing the outer rim mission. then theyre happy with that.
This can be repeated for each minor faction ( which are interested in the missions, not all seem to be if you go further out in the bubble ) little progress so far in a pattern.

Not found any repeats of missions for the same faction, unless you see both on BB before completing the first mission. ( like double promotion missions for the same rank with major faction , only can do it once )

Makes me wonder if might need to attain Elite in either trade or/and combat to get access to the Sap8 containers and other elite combat missions to then complete these missions for the factions.
I hope with all the missions done for finding an answer for the minor faction chosen may lead to another mission.

Anyone have triple Elite rank and tried doing all the elite missions for one minor faction?

Until i get that rank will continue doing the missions i can and looking for answers and Raxxla, not seen any trinkets of fortune missions either , yet

Edit : Found one repeat , almost. from the Same minor faction , but to a different target faction. i guess theres a lot more to it
Last edited: Aug 23, 2015
Reactions:
Bendurion