Macros Black
Aug 23, 2015
#74
Hello, Cmdr!
You are most welcome regardless of how many tables or screenshots you churn out
PanPiper. said:
Been sidetracked by the new CG's but not stopped me working on the missions.
Me personally am not a paperwork person so dont expect big tables and stats to analyse, i did try for a few missions taking screenshots etc, thinking maybe type and list the factions out etc.
but seemed a fruitless task after several dozen missions.

This seems to be the pattern, although I've seen a few deliveries that must be the exceptions that confirms the rule. Interesting theory that all Elite missions must be completed for a given station / faction, I'll investigate the data I've gathered so far for this pattern.
PanPiper. said:
Correct me if wrong on these points.
1. Minor Factions in systems only give each mission once ? Although i will get more of the same mission in system , its then from another faction in that system.
I am assuming each minor faction will need each bit of info once, then they need the next part.
Then get the Dark wheel turns mission for a black box after doing the outer rim mission. then theyre happy with that.
This can be repeated for each minor faction ( which are interested in the missions, not all seem to be if you go further out in the bubble ) little progress so far in a pattern.

Not found any repeats of missions for the same faction, unless you see both on BB before completing the first mission. ( like double promotion missions for the same rank with major faction , only can do it once )

I know a Triple Cmdr that would be more than happy to help
PanPiper. said:
Anyone have triple Elite rank and tried doing all the elite missions for one minor faction?

Until i get that rank will continue doing the missions i can and looking for answers and Raxxla, not seen any trinkets of fortune missions either , yet

Edit : Found one repeat , almost. from the Same minor faction , but to a different target faction. i guess theres a lot more to it
Last edited: Aug 23, 2015