yelboc
Apr 17, 2023
#30,017
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Gateway was Oltiqu. It is on a tourist beacon in the system. It may have also been referred to as Hope as the planet Hope is there. GalCop had a thing for references based on planets or stations.
TB:0124 Gateway
The Sirius Corporation operated under its own strict laws, governing workers rights, privileges etc., and also put in place conventions whereby in dealings with customers for large projects it voluntarily operated under a special hybrid of local law and Sirius law - where the strictest provision was deemed to be in place. This became known as 'The Sirius Convention' - and was often applied in treaties between independent systems. / The Sirius Corporation developed a strong reputation for fair dealing too. It would never refer to rival jurisdictions or deal terms in a negotiation with a government, and would keep such negotiations strictly to the scope of the deal - not using any of the many levers less scrupulous organisations would frequently call upon. Such delas were said to be conducted 'under the Sirius Rule' - another term that effectively entered the language, much like the 'Chatham House Rule' a millennium earlier.
Where does it mention Oltiqu ??

-scrub that - found the ref - in my copy of the sheet it is TB0132 which is for Akwada (possibly my sheet is playing up..)


Gateway was originally known as Oltiqu, but renamed when the Alliance was founded in 3230. The system had originally been under Federation jurisdiction after being colonised in 2473 to be used as a military staging area for a further invasion of Alioth. Over time, the military bases became more permanent colonies and settlements. The system achievend full federal membership in 2561, but remained relatively unimportant and in the shadow of Alioth for many centuries. / When Alioth finally achieved independence in 3230, Oltiqu might have been a place where the Federation forces could rally and return. However a coordinated peaceful coup by sympathetic federal officials allowed the system to be united under the banner of the Alliance.

For my mind Galcop --> Alliance that the one is based on the ashes of the other, but thats just my speculation.
Last edited: Apr 17, 2023
Reactions:
Han_Zen and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian