John Stoutbeard
Mar 14, 2022
#25,688
Jorki Rasalas said:
IIRC it was leaked by a livestreamer after he’d had a tour of Cambridge HQ. Pretty sure it was leaked by a post on the old “canonn” Alien Artefacts and Other Mysteries thread, cos that’s the only one that I regularly read at the time. Han_Zen posted links to them but dont know if they're still accessible via https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8241129.

HOWEVER I also seem to recall that the leak was redacted within a day or so after it appeared on the thread.
Might be some references to that leak on-line somewhere in the gaming media, I think it was either late 2015 or early to mid 2016...

Of course the plan might have been changed in reaction to that leak, or for other FD purposes. It tied in with Drew Wagar’s Dynasty Plot, and FD invested some effort in building that into the game. But the obvious hiatus in gameplay over the last year, and clearly last minute additional delays in the Colonia Bridge, make me suspect that it is still valid. Now the console-directed efforts have been dropped I expect FD will throw all efforts into properly sorting the EDO code and the long term story plan will start to unfold once more. Goids are attacking closer and closer to Sol, and as far as I know there is still a military buildup of thousands of alien USS in the Coalsack (the Alliance attempts at terraforming ammonia planets there were clearly a plot device to stir the hornets nest!), so the goid preparations are well under way. But after all the hype about goids on the ground I think that EDO ground combat is a major game design aspect for the plan. I hope DB read Out of The Darkness, cos the goid infantry pics “leaked” a year or so ago didnt seem very convincing compared to the descriptions in that book; but maybe we have to see them in action to get the emotional impact. Remember-only heavy calibre weapons are effective, must get a new armoured SRV! But only joking- I’ve had enough of goid combat, I’m too old, just want to solve the Raxxla mystery!

Though it shouldn't directly impact the Quest for Raxxla, since Raxxla was introduced in gamma
& hence should be a space-based entity/object, but the thought of endless hyperdictions within the bubble would put me off the quest.
Click to expand...
Thanks, all the old threads are available, I use them all the time, you just need to use the new threads-url format instead of the old format from before the migration.
Gotcha, so the info may not have been there when I followed it. And hence other plans was adapted to make the most of the situation.
Thanks