Archon Valec
Jul 28, 2017
#415
Jaiotu said:
A guide to what we know and what we think we know.

Raxxla.

To some it is a mystery. To others a mere folly.

What is it, where is it and why does it even matter?

When it comes to Raxxla separating fact from fiction is extremely difficult. Almost all of what we know about this mysterious place (if it is a place) is apocryphal at best ... it is therefore essential to begin with what we know to be true and then work our way from there through the legends before embarking into conjecture.

What do we know? We know that there is an organization known as "The Dark Wheel" which had tasked itself with finding Raxxla. The following quotes from And Here The Wheel by John Harper contain much of what we know about Raxxla and The Dark Wheel:
and
From this source we get no explanation of what Raxxla was or is. Very little context indeed or even confirmation that Raxxla is anything more than a myth.

Raxxla also finds mention in Drew Wagar's Premonition. It is discussed between three characters in the following conversation:



Once again we have very little by way of description and nothing to confirm that Raxxla is anything more then a myth. Finding this mysterious place (if it is a place) with so little to go on seems impossible. 500 billion stars and the only real clue is a single word: RAXXLA.

We must therefore move beyond what we KNOW about Raxxla and step into the realm of possibility.

We now turn our eye towards sources that are not considered canonical: The Dark Wheel novella written by a man named Robert Holdstock. It is here that most of us were first introduced to the word "Raxxla" through Jason Ryder's final words to his son Alex as their ship, the Avolonia, came under attack from a mysterious Cobra Mk III:



Like Alex we the readers are left with no context as to who or what this "Raxxla" is. Is Raxxla the name of the pilot of the Cobra? We are left with a mystery until an old friend of Alex's father, Rafe Zetter, puts the word into context:


Later in the story Rafe adds a little information to what we already know:





This then is all that we know about Raxxla. Anything beyond this is pure conjecture and grasping at theories. Raxxla had it's inception inside the mind of Robert Holdstock. Sadly Holdstock died 2009 so we have no way of asking him what inspired the myth.



Robert Holdstock, who's writings helped shape much of the Elite universe, happened to write under several various pen names. One of which was "Robert Faulcon" and that name likely shares origins with the Faulcon DeLacy corporation which builds so many of our favorite space ships.

He also wrote under the name "Steven Eisler" and it was under this name that he wrote The Alien World and it is here, years before Elite, that "Raxxla" and "The Dark Wheel" are first introduced to a mass-market audience.

The Oisir-Raxxla are described as an ancient war-like reptillian race bent on conquest. The purpose of this context was to recruit slave labor to help build The Talmore Lens:





This sounds very similar to the alien construct described by Rafe Zetter as a gateway to other universes. Whether or not Raxxla actually exists remains a mystery. Even if it does ... finding it among the galaxy's 500 billion stars seems like a long shot ... as Luko said, "Only the crazy ones go looking".

I still cannot REP you but an excellent write-up as usual Jaiotu!!!

I'll echo what I said earlier:

A few other points that are confirmed:

1) MB has confirmed Raxxla is in-game
2) He and DB know where it is
3) No further clues will be given

Another tidbit of personal theory:

Since Raxxla was supposed to have been reachable ages ago with very early jump-drive tech, I believe it might actually be closer to the bubble than people think. It may be a rogue planet in a star system that for whatever reason doesn't show up with an ADS honk, and needs to be found in a similar fashion to some other discoveries (example: Generation ships). We need a point of origin, and a direction, and then need to fly out tens of thousands of LS until it appears in the NAV panel.
Last edited: Jul 28, 2017