Rochester
Apr 7, 2019
#7,323
Some additional ramblings from the void whilst I drift....

Cassiopia - Penelope
A door that is also a key

Following on from my linking Astrolphel to Homers Odyssey and its sonnets and songs referencing Penelope.... I recalled a reference to Penelope and a key by Homer and began to dig...

'Euripides and Sophocles, of the fifth century before our era, wrote of her, while all the Greeks made much of the constellation, knowing it as Κασσιέπεια and Ἡ τοῦ θρόνου, She of the Throne. But at one time in Greece it was the Laconian Key, from its resemblance to that instrument, the invention of which was attributed in classical times to that people;1 although Pliny claimed this for Theodorus of Samos in Caria, 730 B.C., whence came another title for our stars, Carion. The learned Huetius (Huet, bishop of Avranches and tutor of the dauphin Louis XV) more definitely said that this stellar key represented that described by Homer as sickle-shaped in the wardrobe door of Penelope:



A brazen key she held, the handle turn'd,
With steel and polish'd elephant adorned;


and Aratos wrote of the constellation:



E'en as a folding door, fitted within
With key, is thrown back when the bolts are drawn.


But even Ideler did not understand this simile, although the outline of the chief stars well shows the form of this early key'

sickle-shaped in the wardrobe door of Penelope: - Google Search
www.google.co.uk

Is Cassiopia the place that isn't a place (Tycho's star e.g. it was there now it isn't), and she's a door buy also a key?

Are we to believe then the constellation is not actually a starting point on some journey but really just every answer to each clue from the codex, DW toast and old myth!

The place that isn't a place (Tycho's star)
A door but also a key (Penelope/Cassiopia)
The brow (A ref the the W of the constellation not her actual head)
The mother of galaxies (Cassiopia)
Whisperer in witchspace, Siren of the deepest void (The sea nymphs of Poseidon / Cassiopia)
The parent's grief, the lover's woe (Penelope)
The yearning of our vagabond hearts (Ulysses yearning)


FD said they simply didn't put Tycho's star in because it wasn't in their star directory they used. Yet it's one of the most prominent novas discovered, one of the first major radio signals discovered - and they didn't put it in?

That might be true....I recalled FD stating the same regards the pillars of creation...we can see them from Sol but really they aren't there any more - same for Tycho's star, we can see it but there's actually nothing there....

Is Tycho's star Raxxla and its hidden from the gal map?....I understand some honoured Cmdrs mapped that location, but what if you cant find it through the gal map...what if you have to eye ball it!

Been adrift now for so long...maybe its time I returned to dock and sobered up this space madness...

Tycho's star!
Last edited: Apr 7, 2019
Reactions:
Dartay, Six6VI and Spaceman Si