Thatchinho
Feb 17, 2019
#6,090
Jaiotu said:
I believe that Drew's old Q&A page regarding Reclamation refused to identify if "the old lady" was Rebecca or Elyssia.
Managed to track down the post from Drew that I was talking about. It says lore, not old lore, but pretty much right other than that.

https://forums.frontier.co.uk/showt...-Find-Raxxla?p=5792145&viewfull=1#post5792145

In Chapter 6 of Premonition, when Salome meets the spiky haired lady and the old lady on the Cor Meum Et Animam, there’s the following about the spiky haired lady:

“There was something odd about the way she moved; it was almost mechanical, almost too precise to be human.”


Which tallies with Elyssia being cybernetically enhanced.

Salome also observes that the spiky haired lady is completely unchanged since their last encounter. That’s then in contrast with her observation of the old lady:

“The old lady from the hospital! But even older … so much older!”


The spiky haired lady is also very protective of the old lady. That could imply a daughter-mother type protection, but the spiky haired lady goes on to compare Salome’s belligerence with that shown by the old lady when she (the spiky lady) first recruited her.

It’s all very strongly suggestive that the spiky haired lady is older than the old lady, and aging at a much lesser rate.

When the Feds assault the ship the spiky haired lady withstands a lot of firepower and then is revealed as being cybernetically enhanced.

“She staggered back, shook her head and kept coming, firing her own weapon and taking out another of his men.
‘Lethal force!’ he yelled, jabbing at his own sidearm and resetting the ammunition selector. This time it would kill …
He fired, hitting the woman again. She was thrown backwards this time, her mag-boots’ grip on the flooring broken. She landed heavily against a bulkhead.
And then got back to her feet.
The commander stared in dismay. The left side of her face was oozing blood now, and her right arm was twisted at an awkward angle. Her chest was blackened and burnt from the blast, clothing torn, ripped and smouldering. In places her skin was gone completely, revealing …
Metal.
Cybernetics!
She was bringing the gun back up again.”

Given it all, I’ve got to go with it being a very high probability that the spiky haired lady is Elyssia.
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas