Jorki Rasalas
Nov 27, 2018
#4,303
HoneyDaPooh said:
I've been lurking reading this thread for a few weeks. I, too, would like to embark on a quest to find Raxxla. I have a few theories (many of them touched upon in this thread) and therefore a few areas to search, but I fear the search is too immense for a lone commander.

I feel like we need a tool to organize the search. Precisely, I would like to have some sort of unified exploration schedule as well as an automated way for commanders to report on the systems and planets they have explored.

Coding is my craft so I have started to build a tool, that rests upon 2 components :

1. A website where one can browse the ongoing expeditions, which are sets of systems currently explored. Systems can then be assigned or self-assigned for exploration and one can view the status of each celestial body in every system ('view' as in 'explored' or not).

2. A Windows client that reads the game's logs and update the status of visited systems and flown-by bodies automatically. This would account for the changes in the new discovery scanner.

are the github repos. Don't mind the github organization name, it's botched. My only intent was to draw a parallel between this quest and the Knights of the Round Table's for the Holy Grail. I am almost done with the backend part, but quite a bit of work remains to be done with the other parts.

Would you guys think such a tool would be useful ?

To my mind a tool to help organise a multiplayer search is useful, in the past we have used a simple shared spreadsheet for this purpose ; however I currently have running an app for my joysticks, EdTracker UI and OpenTrack for my head tracker, the game, EDDiscovery, and often EDSM &/or a photoshot or three of an area I’m searching, and occassionally EDMC etc, that’s a lot of windows to keep track of so I don’t think I want any more apps. I think a better solution would be to raise a user requirement statement, then request that capability upgrade on EDDiscovery (which already extracts data from the logfiles as you play, plus much more) & get support there. It would then be also generally useful to people playing the game, including the upcoming DWE2.

If you want to quest then go out & quest, select a hypothesis to work with & go looking for evidence to support or negate it, if you want to develop software.....

but then I’m just a grumpy old git; my nurse has taken away the lavian brandy, and the pills
think she’s got a date with the doctor up on emergency ward ten.