Rochester
Sep 8, 2021
#24,245
Jorki Rasalas said:
Ok, still suffering RSI and not fit to fly so going to throw a new variant hypothesis into the arena for someone else to check out.

John Harper, author of “And Here The Wheel” said (

) “

Dont know where he got that snippet from, but it does suggest Raxxla is a wandering/orbiting body with a period of approximately 50 years. Still favour my “Raxxla in Sol” hypothesis, so are there any bodies in Sol with a period of ~50 years? Yep! ‘2060 Chiron’ () is a 200Km diameter “Centaur” asteroid, which orbits between the outer planets and the Kuiper belt (reminiscent of “obfuscated on the outer rim”?) that may be a minor planet &/or a comet (comet designation 95P/Chiron) with an orbital period of 50 years with perihelion of 8.4311 AU, just inside Saturn’s orbit. Its astronomical symbol () strongly resembles a key (“Place that isn't a place, door that is also the key”?).

It was discovered in 1977, is the first of the Centaur class asteroids, was even claimed by the press at the time to be the tenth planet, and there is a mission proposed for NASA.

So sounds like a good candidate for investigation!
Click to expand...
This is a strong probability.

Within John Milton’s Paradise Lost, and referencing the silent song of the spheres, Saturn was the furthest out planet, then the sphere of Urania.

Urania is attributed to the planet Uranus. Urania is derived from ouranios, “heavenly” and Uranus is of course the origin of how the Greek gods were created, especially the myth of the Kronos and the Omphalos stone.

Obfuscated on the outer rim, could certainly fit… that’s where I am currently. Using the mk I scanner…

Urania and Uranus
Note: The Urania section is edited and fleshed-out from last year’s A to Z post. It was really hard to find anyone from Greek mythology whose name starts with a U (either in the original Gree…
www.google.co.uk

Aphrodite Urania - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org
Last edited: Sep 8, 2021
Reactions:
SergMx, Jorki Rasalas and simulacrae