CMDR Zulu
Oct 16, 2020
#19,344
clixer said:
I was intrigued and in the area so I went out to BK Camemopardalis as well and didn't see anything. That said it might be the strangest system I've seen. 6 stars, most ringed dwarfs of similar properties and many rocky planets, no other planet types.

Thanks for taking a look! I think the Camelopardalis angle is still viable but perhaps that system actually was just a typo, which is highly unfortunate or something is still being missed. I think what may be missing is the relation to Andromeda.

Something is up with camels and andromeda in this game’s news articles. Call me crazy but it’s come up too much imo. The first being the Vain Queen Rides on the back of a giraffe the remembers her daughters hero.

Here’s another article regarding the two:
SPOILER: ANDROMODARIES















Another article mentioning Andromeda is one that goes into the history of Thargoids. That one also seems to connect Andromeda and the Thargoids being “a nomadic species” possibly hinting to camels and Camelopardalis.
Here’s that article:

SPOILER: CORA SHAW ARTICLE













Then we have my personal favorite, Ricardo Bentonio! His tinfoil is worthy of admiration. Again we see Andromeda mentioned but this time in reference to “reptiles” being from there. That reference I believe is regarding The Dark Wheel. Looking at the old dark wheel logo you can clearly see a dragon on the outside of it and like I’ve said before I think the Dark Wheel have access to the real Soontill and finding it could lead to Raxxla.
The Ricardo Bentonio article also mentions his show “The Hidden World”

SPOILER: THE HIDDEN WORLD





My question to you all is this: Are there Camelopardalis systems that appear over Andromeda or something perhaps when viewed from Earth? Or maybe there’s something I’m missing in Andromeda mythology. I know most may not agree with my sentiment but I know many of you are far smarter than I. I’d appreciate any ideas.
Reactions:
clixer, Dr. Lexus, selbie and 6 others