[Diplomacy] Carnegie
Sep 12, 2019
#12,222
GURU-951 said:
That was beautifully put. It's funny, because you feel there are no clues based on what was said, and I believe the opposite based on what's said, yet we both understand the human experience element to it and (I hope) the importance of that in this journey. The intricacies of the brains somewhat flaw with its need for pattern recognition really is compelling and complicated. It's a thought and worry I struggled with for a long time personally. At some point though, things just make sense, like the way Philip K ties quite nicely into our storyline. And the Pink Floyd connections which tie very well into the Architecture of Raxxla you speak of, we can be certain that this was intentional and the clues exist to support it. Mythology and Floyd are designed to lead you into yourself, and this is not me saying that Raxxla is inside you, though the quest for it can lead you there, and at this point from what I've heard from people along the way, I'm not alone in feeling this. But Floyd and the mythology are designed to get you to ask yourself the big questions people should be asking themselves while they can. Meanwhile, most of us are just wasting away in our rooms while the ivy grows over the door.

Great eye with the Prism connection. Lets not forget that is also a diamond.

- "The Hope Diamond is one of the most famous jewels in the world, with ownership records dating back almost four centuries. Its much-admired rare blue color is due to trace amounts of boron atoms. Weighing 45.52 carats, its exceptional size has revealed new findings about the formation of gemstones. "

Side track, Or that old British tv show,() , which also happens to be , we find this-

"The series follows the character of Gurney Slade, played by Newley, through a series of mundane environments (sound familiar?) with fantastical elements. Slade is the only continuing character, and is often heard in voice-over expressing his thoughts. Though we learn much about the character's inner life, we learn very little of Gurney Slade's history or background. He appears to be a character in a typical family-oriented TV show who abruptly tires of the artificial environment he's apparently trapped in; the first episode opens with Slade breaking the of a television sitcom and leaving the set, to the protestations of its director.

Slade spends the rest of the series simply wandering from one (generally sparse) environment to another, ruminating on life in an often free-associative way. During his wanderings, he sometimes encounters a range of odd people (and at least one talking dog), all of which may be entirely creations of his own imagination. At one point, Slade is put on trial for being a TV character who isn't funny; other episodes consistently introduce meta-fictional elements into the proceedings. The series concludes with a final episode in which Slade, in a TV studio, appears to be little more than a machine-like performer whose every move is controlled by outside forces."

That though Slade was nutty, he was a Crazy Diamond. But he would likely be deemed a good man.

Glad to see a fellow constellationeer (made that word up) on board. I've got somewhere near 30 under my belt at this point. Argo Navis my personal favorite.

You chose the "reasonably obscure goal to work towards" package and at this point I'm not sure what package I opted in for.
I thought it was the "Quest for Atlantis and a unique life experience" package. Now I'm unsure.

Will someone please turn the machine off? Tech support?! Tech support!!! I just wanna wake up!
For the memory of a lifetime...World Craft World Craft World Craft...Call now.

Click to expand...

Talking of 'constellationeers', I was very happy to discover that a commander by the name of 'Delta Lupi' had been first to map all the planets in Delta Lupi system
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Count dEstard, EdzUp and 2 others