Ton618 666
Mar 25, 2021
#22,401
Six6VI said:
Mind you don't go conflating different gods (planets) when they aren't the same. Saturn, aka Satan, aka Kronos, aka Old Father Time, aka The Grim Reaper (Death), is not the same deity as the one true Babylonian (pagan) god represented by 666.

Worthy of note is that the sum of all the integers 1 through 36 = 666 (see image)



Then read the for more information on the pre-christian origins. Babylonian magic (Solar) square amulets, used for protection the gods were arranged like a 6x6 (36) sodoku grid puzzle such that both diagonals and each column and row of unique integers summed to 111 with 666 then occulted (hidden in plain sight) in both the x and y axis.

Also worthy of note, but not mentioned on the link above is the which is between 27.212220817 (draconic) and 29.530588853 (synodic) days although it seems to have escaped the attention of many that if you multiply an average 27.75 days x 24 hours you get 666 hours per Lunar Mo(o)nth, which is a distinctly feminine goddess, and feminine period, except in Judaism where the Moon was considered masculine and named "Sin". (Perhaps the origin of the Solar cult Sun-day worshipers, aka the competition calling the Lunar cult Saturn's-day (Satan's) worshipers "Sinners"?)

This whole Raxxla mystery is relatively tame and nowhere near as lengthy as the origin stories that demonise the antics of the (guilty) planets in our own Solar system but in the end it seems it's "just business", like cable TV slagging online citizen journalists for stealing their audience, reducing their "prophet" share and making them look like fools every time they get caught in their own nefarious deceptions.

Revelations 13:18 is not the only reference to 666 that you'll find if you spend a couple of decades ferreting around in the trail of bodies left in the wake of the various religions (Latin: Religare - To bind, hold back, growth) and I've never seen a "belief" that didn't contain 50% lie, see: "be-LIE-f"

It would appear humans always had their own personal, built in connection to the divine (although nobody taught us how to use it) and it may not be wise to capitulate to the financial demands of any who attempt to convince you they are the gate keeper of exclusive rights to God's mobile number.

Good place to start? Um, search "Morphic Resonance" or have a hunt around for Russel Targ's involvement with psychic spy / remote viewing programs. If you're really keen he just put a movie out called or try for another perspective.

Click to expand...
All my ships are tagged 666 haha, its a pity christianity came along and ruined the old world beliefes.