Insane4un
I
Oct 19, 2018
#3,960
Malicron said:
So you think it's just an ordinary planet, that FDev decided "Okay, Col Sector 18456 A7 is Raxxla. Done!"? Again, it's one of the more depressing and realistic theories I've seen. I sincerely hope it's wrong, but I can't shake the feeling that it could be right.

Lucius-Darcia said:
I think it's maybe more dissapointing.

"Raxxla is a Myth"

"It's there and we now where it is"

So basically Raxxla is a Myth, and we have a Myth within the game. It's there and it's not. It's true but a lie....

Malicron said:
I still wonder if Founder's World is Raxxla, personally. Though I'll be somewhat disappointed if it is.

It's more about scince than some sort of a magic or myth. Here is a thing. It's the first oficial in game mention of Raxxla in Elite history in last 35 years. And since we are talking about game where we have lot's of "shady" organizations in Elite Dangerous world, where we have thargoids that are not even interested in genocide of our species, where we have Guardians that were destroyed by their own sentient AI so this AI could survive and create their own civilization.. When you put this all together in this world.. You realise that not one of them would be interested in Raxxla if it would be just some good planet, or some magic place. So what is it then?

In fact everytime we keep mentioning Raxxla, we only focus on Raxxla related situations, but never focus on the world where Raxxla supposedly exist. So.. what exactly that mean?

Elite Dangerous is a game that is trying really hard to make you believe into galaxy and it's science. It's playing with us by standart things and science that we already know and aware in our world. That what makes it so believable.

Now let's think about it.

We have Guardians in our world - species that long dead.

We have Guardian AI Constructs - a sentient AI that destroyed guardians to survive incoming war and to create their own cociety and civilization and continue this to our days.

We have Soontil civization - no information on this one.

We have Thargoids - oldest species in this galaxy, that are interested only in ammonia worlds which are being so rare, that they marked our Bubble as their territory by barnacles few thousands years ago.

We have Dark Wheel organization that is trying to find something they called Raxxla. They have no information what it is. Only myth.

We have The Club organization that is interested in this and probably know what it is, just have no idea how to get it. And that's why Dark Wheel organization most likely was created by them.

So why would anyone be so interested in Raxxla if it is just a planet? Even if it is like very good planet, why would you even bother with it? There is a tons of really good planets and their resources. So why exactly Raxxla is so important to them? What could you wish more if you would be a Club or any other "Shady" organization in Elite Dangerous world? All this mess just for a planet? You really think it would make any sense in such world?

Well.. Imagine an unlimited enormous power source of a star core and it's radiation, a place that is not a place.




being used by Dyson sphere like gigantic construction fully covering the young star by protective shields of unknown origin, that is impossible to recreate this day or any other day in next few thousands years to come. Now that's worth of all of their attention. But, who would be in need to create such a structure in the past? Who would need that much power anyway? There is only one civilization in Elite Dangerous world that is still exist and was always in need of such power source to push their civilization forward. And only this civilization can survive without having normal star in a system. And it's not thargoids and guardians. You would be never able to jump to such system cause it have no stars in it. And you will never be able to find out where this system is, cause the radiation of a star is fully covered and used as a power source. It's quite literally invisible, and that's exactly why it is a myth, that is impossible to find in old classic exploration activity. It's a very long main plot story yet to come..








That's from where our story will start in this new itteration of Raxxla myth in Elite Dangerous world. Forget about everything you know about Raxxla before. Drew Wagar is not here, nor as MB anymore. It's a new itteration of Raxxla story now. Always keep that in mind. And we have to consider the whole Elite Dangerous world now and not elite series. It's all about science now.


Well, technically this part of story is already going on in some way.. Guardian beacons was the first "trigger" to say so.

So the basic idea of Raxxla in Elite Dangerous world is

SPOILER

Science.

That's why everyone is so interested in Raxxla. Imagine what humanity would have achieved with such technology in hands..
Last edited: Oct 19, 2018
Reactions:
GURU-951, Hanerib, Rochester and 1 other person