Beng_Ammon
B
Nov 7, 2024
#35,245
Beng_Ammon said:
So for part 3 of this series, and the last for me. I set a goal to find, if nothing else, the first step of finding Raxxla. My whole journey has been long, according to the website I officially started my Elite Career in early 2016. In that time, a large portion of it has been directly involved in solving MBs, DBs, DWs, and other writer's mysteries. But when I started this game, the first thing I did was go out and explore. And I feel that need again.

Raxxla: A complex MB & DB, multilayered riddle. It includes classic braben elements, and layered like MB loves to do.

My claim:






1:
"A place that is not a place, a door that is also a key"

The only "Door" that matters in Elite: Dangerous are stars.... It's a door, that we open, every time we jump. The key is our jump drive, with the galaxy map (and the lore behind that, which we now know in game a little through the codex). The First Hyperdrives were made in the 22nd century (2100s...interesting....hey)

In this case, I think they are saying that, Sol becomes the key, to revealing/unlocking raxxla, if something happens, or we jump to it in a certain way/in a pattern.

2:
"And fast by, hanging in a golden chain,
This pendent world, in bigness as a star
Of smallest magnitude, close by the moon."

This is in our hint compilation (they've made several).

The real book this is from, its Satan. We have several bodies to choose from in the Sol system that represent that.

This is also

I also think, this is a classic split riddle. Meaning a part of it is telling us something, and another will lead us astray.

I believe this is telling us if satan viewed it from afar (ahem Sedna), Raxxla is part of the chain of planets, and very small.

3:
The Raxxla timeline as we know it:

By 2296, it was Legend. Elite Dangerous is made as a conglomeration of the 90s games for the story and lore, and systems from all 3 original main titles. Which means most of the original book.

Raxxla was legendary/secretive by game 1/og book. so what kind of exploration did humans do between 2010 and ~2200?



Its right there in the codex. Tau Ceti was the first colony, we destroyed an alien species, and then exploded from there. And it was legendary in Tau Ceti in 2296, already part of the myth legends.

We explored the out of Sol. (more on this lore idea in a bit)

4:
The Raxxla codex image.

There are . The circle with a dot, is the astronomical symbol for our sun. The 3 curved sections is the astronomical symbol for "Orbit". and then we see dotted lines.



And thats not a hexagon. Its a 3d Cube, inside a 3d cube. They're at an angle. Its a tesseract. With our sun, and an orbiting body around the sun, in the middle. and the sun "light" being the 6 bars, as it hits the corner of the cube.

4:
"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!"

: Mother of galaxies is known to humans on earth, and of sol. Cassiopeia is the only known Mother of a Galaxy
The jewel that burns on the brow of cassiopeia is Schedar. While it means "Chest", in many Constellation visuals, that area is her head.

I, like many, believe this is a reference on the path to Raxxla. Telling us to go to X,Y,Z. I spent years doing that. But what if half of it is about getting back to Sol?

"THE parent's grief, THE lover's woe..." Thats what happens to explorers. They return home because of a loved one, or a child.

I think the speech is saying "Go somewhere, then return to Sol", because the door IS Sol. and whatever we have to do to make it a key, is in the direction of Schedar.



Slight mentions, Not enough evidence to catorgize it to this yet:
1:
Go To ETA Cassiopeia, then jump to Sol. Target, then Fly to Neptune(if you get close to the rings, you'll notice they are green). Now try flying to an asteroid belt

You cant. Its in the Sun.
This "bug" is from 2015, mentioned multiple times, have had multiple Asteroids updates since then, and it .

I think it happens because raxxla is tied to a place orbiting the sun, in one of the asteroid belt sections, but the sun itself "unlocks" it, so it either bugs out every now and then, or ETA Cassiopeia or neptune is part of all of this.

2: the 3 Legends of earth. El dorado is mentioned in 2 codex entries (Alioths and Raxxla), and Atlatis is mentioned in 2 Codex Entries. Why was Prester John mentioned then?

Theories:
1: I think we have to jump to Sol from normal space, not from Frame Shifted space.
2: We then have to fly far away from the sun, to see the effect of raxxla
3: fly "into" the sun light, to get to raxxla, which only appear when you get close enough to it. Possibly as a Mars "moon"

Lore Theory: I think humans discovered an alien traveling through Sol, to get to Raxxla, which helped us invent hyper drives.
The dark wheel (the real one, which aren't a faction literally named "dark wheel", I promise) knew/knows where raxxla is, but can't access it's power anymore (because thargoids). I think the dark wheel station itself is closer the Omphalos Rift, than Raxxla.
Click to expand...
Some folks have messaged me about the "3d cube in side a 3d cube" and are having a hard time seeing it. Here is my crappy add:



dotted dark blue: the faces of the 3d cube closest to us

light blue dotted: The faces of the inner 3d cube furthest from us

Purple: The major faces of the outer 3d cube


It forms arrows that basically says "The Sun" . Raxxla only appears in 3 of the arrows here.