Jorki Rasalas
May 13, 2023
#30,416
Grens404 said:
Why Saturn?
FD, despite the oft-repeated quote that “there will be no clues”, have been giving us clues from the start, & I believe some have been about Raxxla; it makes absolutely no sense to hide a mystery in 400 billion possible locations and not give any hints. if you search within this thread for the word “tattoo” posted by Cmdr Scytale you’ll find a picture of the tattoo that MB had on his back, he said it was related to the story of his forthcoming book, but that strangely seems not to have been published. A significant element within that tattoo is the Triton figure from the Pena Palace, Portugal; Triton is a permit locked moon of Neptune which from early in-game Fed Navy traffic I observed there is either a naval base or holds another secret. We cant visit to see since that permit is unobtainable, but it casts further suspicion on Sol.

Why Saturn?
1) the Mars artefact clearly tells us of an alien presence in Sol from pre-history. What brought them to Sol? Is their ship still hidden in Sol? Could humanity be their descendants?
2) in the toast: Jewel on the brow of the mother of galaxies the jewel could be Sol (Galnet 14 June 3301 https://news.galnet.fr/simguru-offers-to-share-tomorrow-today/“Sol is the birthplace of our race, the shining jewel of our galaxy.”) Sol is the home of the Mother Gaia faction, & Gaia in Greek myth was the mother of Uranus the sky (where galaxies are observed). Whisperer in witchspace could be Li Qing Jao (spaceport) who invented the FSD (“whisperer” can mean someone with esoteric knowledge or abilities, like “horse-whisperer”). Siren could be Venus (Marvel comic character). Parent’s grief and lover’s woe could both be Saturn who the Romans conflated with Greek Cronos (see wikipedia article on him).
3) the logo, which has a strong hexagonal theme: Saturn has a hexagonal storm at its North Pole discovered in 1981 by Voyager probe (also a Wanderer/Vagabond); in a New York Times reader competition they named the storm “Omphalos”, which is mentioned in the codex. Saturn is the sixth planet in Sol & in-game has 6 moons. So Inner hexagon of logo could represent the polar vortex, the dots representing the belt asteroids. Central dot & circle astronomical symbol for Sol but could also be an asteroid station homing beacon. Three arcs represent the Sol main asteroid belt between Mars & Jupiter, but are also shown above the entrance to all asteroid bases.
4) the ship’s nav panel and the Universal Cartographics page both show a pattern of equilateral triangles during transitions. Two such triangles make a hexagon. The Guardian beacons show similar patterns, suggesting a link between Guardian technology and PF (nav computer and UC are both controlled by the Pilots Federation) leading me to suspect a Guardian AI at the heart of the PF.
5) in 2005 Saturn’s F ring was observed to be a spiral, and there are spiral structures in other rings
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rings_of_Saturn.
“Asteroids” means “star-like”, so asteroids are “wandering stars” (also vagabonds), plenty of them in Saturn’s rings.
6) there was a Princess Saturn character in the Sailor Moon manga. So 5+6 together imply ”Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars”

I’ve mentioned thoughts 1 to 4 above many times before (my “Raxxla in Sol” theory). I’ve just become aware of facts 5 & 6 this last week.

You might want to read an old post of mine, basically trying to make sense of the codex “some Raxxla seekers insisted that the story's author had cunningly concealed facts about the mysterious locale in his book as hints for those with eyes to see.” But the only thing we have of that book is its title “Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars”
The Quest To Find Raxxla
This image shows two sources and a spike-like pattern due to the support structure for the transmission grating. That must be it, the support structure would presumably account for the feint circle in the image too.
forums.frontier.co.uk

I’ve given one possible solution in 5+6 above. However the title can also be treated as an anagram. Two interesting solutions to that are:
Alien Paradise Lost; Paradise Lost being MB’s favourite book
Edit, have had another look at the anagram possibilities:
Alien ship in Sol...at Rhea/at Pan/Atlas/...
IRL Pan is in the Encke Division, Atlas at the outer edge of the A ring. Ive checked out Rhea in the past, of course that doesn't mean it isn't there! But I think within the rings is more likely.
Atlas looks interesting, between the A ring and the (spiralling) F ring, looks like a flying saucer
Atlas (moon) - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

Also wrt Why Saturn? - Iapetus was originally the site of an alien artefact in Arthur C. Clarke's 1968 novel 2001 Space Odyssey (the film moved it to Jupiter), which clearly influenced DB hence the use of the Blue Danube music during docking in both original Elite and ED.
In the 2005 novel Pushing Iceby Alastair Reynolds, Janus was revealed to be an alien spacecraft. Janus and Epimetheus lie between F & G rings.
Last edited: May 13, 2023
Reactions:
BluWolve, Burning_Scull, Han_Zen and 4 others