Jorki Rasalas
Jul 16, 2022
#26,455
Blaggerdy said:
I thought the faction had another name as Pareco science institute, just checked on EDSM
The home of the Pareco SCIEnCE Institute. The Pareco Scholarly Collective of Inquiry, Experimentation and Cosmic Exploration Institute - also known as the Pareco SCIEnCE Institute, or PSI - is a collective of Commanders that work to search out the mysteries of the universe no matter where it leads.

SCIEnCE. Take the capital letters. I tried using the n (14th letter of alphabet, ascii 110) as a key but no joy.
SCIECE. 6 letters. 1 S, 2 C, 1 I, 2 E
RAXXLA. 6 letters. 1 R, 2 A, 2 X, 1 L
I'm going to have to take another look. Pretty sure I did stop at the Pareco comet by using the manoeuvre. I tried plenty in normal supercruise but never found it.
Click to expand...
Yes, the way the six SCIECE letters are capitalised seems suggestive (edit: together with the letter counts!). I presume someone skilled ( not me!!) in cryptography has checked to see if there is a key and algorithm that gets RAXXLA from SCIECE? (General question to anybody so skilled!). A-> C or E, X-> E or C, R-> S or I, L-> I or S.

(Edit: possible keywords: Pareco, comet, comet 2, comet1, Pareco comet2, Pareco comet1, Asire Dock, Crown Orbital, Webb Station, Phillips Market, Garden Ring, Neville Ring?)

Mmm, @Rochester @Macros Black @Han_Zen : the original SD elite missions mentioned IIRC “a lock that is also a key” -could it actually be a cryptographic key? Were the mission descriptions just hints that were removed because it made the puzzle too obvious?

I wondered if getting Allied with the Institute perhaps led to the TDW membership test or other missions which are part of the “Raxxla storyline” that MB mentioned, cos I don’t see randomly dropping out at a comet as being a storyline.

Pyroboros manoeuvre? Have I missed something? Having managed to select the comet, at what distance from it do you press the FSD button to drop out at the comet? I suspect it has to be within the reported cometary 50km sphere of influence, which is tiny compared to SC speed, hence the semi-random nature I spoke about. At minimum speed of 300 km/sec in SC you presumably have to be accurate to 1/6th of a second to drop out at the intended position. Stations have SOI of 1Mm so they’re easy...or perhaps it flashes up on the nav panel & you have to press the button then? Might try again this morning after copawlot walk, before it gets too hot...

I like the immersion of having hotas/hosas. But hammering Thargoid scouts for 8 hours per day during lockdown left me with arthritis of the base thumb joints and De Quervains tendonitis. I need to be very careful and limit use of the thumbs. At one stage I couldn’t even lift a coffee mug -disaster!! Even mouse use can be painful, having bought a multi-button mouse in January specifically to get into Odyssey...so I never have...

Edit: just had a look at the old (now deleted) SD Elite missions...maybe we need to be carrying SAP8 &/or Trinkets of Hidden Fortune when arriving at the comet?
Last edited: Jul 16, 2022