Jorki Rasalas
Apr 23, 2023
#30,102
Fi5hboN3 said:
Very Interesting

PSR B1257+12 - Wikipedia

PSR J1300+1240,[6] is a millisecond pulsar located 2,300 light-years from the Sun in the constellation of Virgo, rotating at about 161 times per second (faster than a blender's blade).[1] It is also named Lich, after a powerful, fictional undead creature of the same name.[7][5]

The pulsar has a planetary system with three known planets, named "Draugr" (PSR B1257+12 b or PSR B1257+12 A), "Poltergeist" (PSR B1257+12 c, or PSR B1257+12 B) and "Phobetor" (PSR B1257+12 d, or ), respectively. They were both the first and the first to be discovered; B and C in 1992 and A in 1994. A is the lowest-mass planet yet discovered by any observational technique, with somewhat less than twice the mass of .



Its located far above near the Bootes void (Siren of the deepest void?). Maybe we go there look down at the galactic plain that would look like spiralling stars and super cruise to the jewel that burns on the brow V886 Centauri the Diamond star? or Sol life?

I have always thought the line… to the jewel that burns on the brow of the galaxy, to the whisperer of witch space siren of the deepest void. Could be read as we have to first go to the siren to see or head to the jewel rather than the jewel being our starting location.

also I know this does not make much sense with the lore surrounding Raxxla’s location being within about 100 ly from soul, but what we could be looking for is a door that is also a key, a jump gate that you go through that takes you to a permit locked system where Raxxla is guarded by the Club under lock and key. LFT 509

Another point… If true that DB said that "Hutton Orbital is a walk in the park compared to Raxxla", then it could be a clue that we may have to do a Super cruise in a said system? When he could have just said the journey to Maia is a walk in the park compared to Raxxla
Click to expand...
Nice hypothesis. I tried many neutron stars in my Dark Sirens/supernova remnant hypothesis testing but didnt spot that one. “On the brow” could conceivably be coupled with “spiralling stars” to suggest a location high above/below the galactic plane. Lich is interesting-I’ve never been into Lovecraft but Michael Brookes is/was and apparently that mythos contains liches.

There is no “ lore surrounding Raxxla’s location being within about 100 ly from Sol”. That is pure supposition based on our inference from the 2296 date of the first reported rumour of Raxxla and the ship fsd capabilities up to that time; that 2296 first rumour date could be FD obfuscation!! It is a convenient hypothesis since it drastically shrinks down the potential search space, but it may well be incorrect! However I’ve also pointed out that it is based on the hypothesis that Raxxla has been visited to create that rumour & there is no evidence for that either...the ‘Raxxla rumour’ might have been based on astronomical observations e.g. by the IRL Gaia astronometry satellite. Mother Gaia being the major faction within Sol, and there was a post on Galnet 14 June 3301 https://news.galnet.fr/simguru-offers-to-share-tomorrow-today/“Sol is the birthplace of our race, the shining jewel of our galaxy”, which might be the first clue in the “personal journey” suggesting this.

Do you have a reference source for that “DB said that Hutton Orbital is a walk in the park compared to Raxxla"? It’s the first I’ve ever heard of that in the seven years I’ve been playing the game & I keep a thread of potentially useful FD quotes. It sounds like internet rumour, but if you have a source reference then I’ll add it.

Edit
Ive just googled that alleged quote and found absolutely no evidence of it!
Last edited: Apr 23, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Dox Paradox, Han_Zen and 1 other person