CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 11, 2023
#29,835
Jorki Rasalas said:
LTT 2771 is supposed to have the Smuggler’s Junction pirate asteroid base, but not an asteroid in sight in that system in-game!! Also planet 1 is Tarlak,
But Tarlak is supposed to be the garbage planet in CD-73 253 where Gunn dumped Robert after stealing the data from the CIEP station. However CD-73 253 in- game has no planet, even though the system description talks about it having the garbage planet!
You apparently didn't read the Maenead saga involving blatantly making up false locations from First Encounters. Perhaps The Den in HR 7047 is the Smuggler's Den you seek.

Specifically this part of the larger effort to confuse any who dare go down this rabbit hole...

The P and L's are disaffected ecodissidents who had come up with a scam to terraform their new planet using existing geographical locations so as to save money. These guys refer to the landmarks as 'parts' and the whole process as 'Dee-eye-wye'' which we gather is a reference to some an archaic building method. (It is?? Ed)

The rest for appropriate context...
THE HEROES RETURN

J.J.

The normally undemonstrative people of Zeaex yesterday feted Commander Divas Segondli and her crew of Maenad agents when they landed at Newtown Spaceport, Democracy to refit and report their success in retrieving the stolen galactic landmarks.

Their bulletin issued through Zeaex news agencies to the InterG news has been translated from Maenad jargon as follows:

'Having received certain tips from out contacts around and about the Edge and Core, we finally pinned the Peace and Lights down, far into the Uninhabited zone in a new system they have colonised amd named 'Porritt'.



However, when we got to monitoring distance we found that the group had already split up into factions and were arguing ferociously over how to store the parts (and which were politically kosher and where to put them on the planet and who got to run the Old Rock Cafe etc. etc.) After making contact, diffusing their hostility and engaging in several long, tedious negotiations we wore down the various groups and succeeded in persuading them to return the parts in exchange for immunity to prosecution.

This process now being complete we hereby appeal to our various clients to stump up our fee as per agreement.

Tomorrow celebrations are planned throughout most of the Frontier systems and it is thought that Maenad Central on Wheelhead (Essfafa) are preparing a hero's welcome for their triumphant team.
Click to expand...
Last edited: Apr 11, 2023