wAsh67
W
Dec 18, 2020
#20,104
Jorki Rasalas said:
No, you have misunderstood! Raxxla, not TDW station.
The rumour (unsubstantiated, MB has been asked to confirm he said this but declined to comment) is that MB said during a closed (therefore probably under NDA terms) Q&A session (2014 or 2015?) at an early Lavecon that ‘the system which contains Raxxla had been visited but Raxxla was not detected’. As I keep pointing out to people who mention this rumour it is totally unsubstantiated, though it may be true (in the early days some pilots only carried short range scanners so plenty of systems have been entered but not fully scanned). Which would imply Raxxla is detectable, located some distance into a system, and the system was not permit-locked, however some locks were applied later on so it could be in one of the 6 or so systems in the bubble that we cant find a permit for. If so then joining TDW might be the route to get the permit (perhaps). However the rumour, if true, does not locate that system which could also equally probably be anywhere in the explored systems. Even in 2015 peopel were undertaking trips to Beagle Point and circumnavigations of the galaxy!

Thank you for the correction.
As a matter of interest, do the six permit locked systems in the bubble have a central point, a hub or nexus of some sort?
As I understand it, and again I open myself to correction, according to Holdstock's work as Steven Eisler, Raxxla (at least I think its Raxxla) is alleged to be anchored at the focal point of five pyramidal lenses. Is there a map of these six permit locked systems? Might these six systems be five Talmor lenses and Raxxla?
I'm sure this has already been debunked, just wondering what the outcome was before trawling through ten thousand pages of speculation...

All I could find was this text:

"A part of the Talmor Lens, built on the world Capralax VII. This is an 'edge-stabiliser', designed to hold the underspace tensions of five pyramidal lenses in control."
Last edited: Dec 18, 2020
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and Hanerib