Maidor
Dec 19, 2022
#28,586
Louis Calvert said:
Maidor, what you demonstrated here is actually part of the problem, so thanks for that.

Rather that doing research into what is actually a very legitimate question (i.e. was three relics tried in a Tharg machine before), communicating with those who were doing this sort of testing (like Canonn) or asking here on the forums, your friend there concocted a wild theory based entirely on their own thoughts in something of an echo chamber - they then treated their thought as if it were the truth.

That's the point of what you posted. I think really the majority of people here have done the same thing at some point

My unsolicited advice would be to tell your friend to take a deep, calming breath and join the Raxxla hunt as an equal participant and simply converse with like-minded Raxxla hunters. Many here could have easily cleared up your friend's misunderstanding a long time ago, it got to the stage where it became a massive angry rant - and that would free up your friends obviously very wrinkled brain to help find Raxxla!

Click to expand...
Indeed

To those that ignore he discussions, and think they can acomplish more by themselves
Them they should focus on experimentation and documentation.

If they think they are doing so well, than share.
And if something seems to have been done badly, ask
Or else they will keep spinning around repetitivly.

In this case he asked me why were the grelics only found right now, and I really couldn't find any evidence why.
So it sparked our discussion on why recording experimentation is as important as reporting discoveries. And how someone who discovers things first might view themselves.

On this topic: Has anybody here atempted their creation method before? [Green Relics]
I've seen some old videos on reddit of people shoving things on the machine, but couldnt find one with 3 relics. Probably because it was the first thing everyone tried.
Last edited: Dec 19, 2022
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian