CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 19, 2022
#28,585
Pyroboros said:
That does not sound healthy.
It is from being ostracized despite the fact Salomé stated the following and I had the guts or stupidity to investigate it seriously:

“But I figure I owe you some kind of explanation. So here it is. They’ve known. They’ve known for decades, maybe centuries. There’s something out there and it’s heading this way. Everything you’ve seen: all the wars, all the investigations, all the abductions. It’s their way of getting stuff done, getting things ready, keeping things quiet.

You don’t build a fleet of warships for no reason – too many questions get asked. So you manufacture a threat, you start a phony war. You keep the populace amused with any diversion you can think of. You play powers against each other, you boom and bust the markets to tilt the economy. Anything to stop people looking at the real issues.”

Despite all that, I have give my everything to better the odds of guessing where look from some 1 in 400 billion (just factoring guessing the correct system). If you get into guessing the right celestial body we are talking 1 in several trillion (probably). We are far better off despite being years into the search..

No, I am fine.

Whoever said whomever finds The Dark Wheel or Raxxla would be hailed a hero had no idea how wrong they were. No, Salomé was absolutely correct in this statement:

“If you just stumbled across this message, nothing of what I am going to relate will make any sense. My advice? Don’t read on, kill this holofac now, don’t go looking. You really don’t want to be involved, trust me. Just fly on like nothing happened. People will kill you for knowing.

If you found this because you were led here… congratulations, you must be reasonably smart.

I don’t know what you were expecting, but this probably isn’t it. There’s no payoff my friend, there’s no money to be made. You haven’t won. You may have just made things much worse for yourself. If there is any fame to be had it is what you make of it, maybe some chronicler will immortalise you in the future.”

The problem: none of this had to happen. Those who willfully and gleefully misrepresented the past had something to gain. The only way to fix things are a commitment to absolute transparency.

If we cannot be manipulated, we are all better off. I don't know what Raxxla is (though I have educated guesses), but you don't make lies this big to bury something ordinary. I honestly believe Raxxla was something of huge importance but along the way the best intentions (maybe as simple as not scaring the public) got out of hand. The stories took a life of their own and things spiraled out of control. Eliminating the lack of knowledge and fear that simultaneously follows this tale is the way forward.
Last edited: Dec 19, 2022