Louis Calvert
Dec 20, 2022
#28,592
Honestly I think part of the problem we're all facing is that we have almost no real information on Raxxla. We literally have the Codex, and that's honestly everything that actually exists and we don't know how much of it is real

Reconstructing History
I've been thinking that most of us have been trying to solve individual parts of the Codex, picking a single word or looking at the logo, or a particular phrase. The intention is obviously that if we can solve a single part it might lead us forward - not a silly idea at all, but it's clearly not really got us anywhere yet.

I've been thinking that maybe we need to look at the entire Raxxla Codex as a whole, and it's place in the lore of the entire game.

Does that make sense? I'm struggling to explain the idea which is never a good sign. lol.

The Lore Bible: Redux
Brookes and Braben collaborated with other writers, including Allen Stroud, on creating a lore bible for Elite Dangerous. Allen has told us that he recognises parts of what he contributed in many Tourist Beacons, and he worked on the development of Hyperdrive Lore, the Lave system, etc. Drew Wager, despite his many faults, repeatedly told us about the cut-down lore bibles the official writers got to help them with their books - a similar document was given to the Elite RPG makers.

We know that the versions the writers got was cut-down to remove some secret stuff - but we know there was almost certainly a more detailed version, a version that contained Raxxla.

We can guess with some degree of certainty that the Codex entries are likely from that Lore Bible (or written based off it). It's an assumption, but I don't think it's a reach.

My theory is that if we can reconstruct the early part of that Lore bible, we might see the shapes of "missing pieces" - redacted information. It won't really tell us what's there, but we might be able to gain more insight into - hopefully - Raxxla and how it fits with the rest of the lore. I'm thinking it's like if you redacted WW1 from the history books, you'd still see a tremendous amount of stuff happening that doesn't make sense around that period in time - massive movements of people, huge numbers of deaths, polictical changes, etc. it would look very weird if you didn't have the context of WW1 - I'm hoping that same thing might happen with Raxxla.

We know Raxxla was discovered pre 2296, so that limits the scope very considerably. We only need to look at lore before that point which is actually pretty sparse.

That's why I've been looking at the Gen ships and such

Just sort of putting this idea out there. I'll post the doc for your consideration when I've got anywhere with it.
Reactions:
Maidor, Darrack and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian