cmdr milesred
Dec 20, 2022
#28,591
there is enough mis-information on google and in videos to make a person refuse to watch them.
I am one of those people.
the few I watched in 2014 were very full of incorrect information
many threads here were loaded with incorrect information

much was people assuming.
getting a swollen head from being the FIRST is a big thing. right or wrong.


in the forums it was and is common to take one cmdrs words and rearrange them and make himself popular because maybe it is now worded better...
same with discords. today many still have 'experienced' cmdrs in them telling what they believe to be facts, yet much is assumptions from inability to actually do scientific testing on things.

I had teachers in school that taught lies because they were not smart enough to understand what they were teaching.

but in it all, advertising is key

if no person understands what a person writes, it doesn't get talked about

there are also many reasons to tell lies, to distract, to eliminate fools, sheep.
not tell all truths is not a lie.
the one I read long ago about PP modules was the best of many to come.
100% incorrect information made IMO to prevent others from having them. and soo many still believe.
everything I ever read about weapons contained some incorrect info and nothing ever explained anything about overkill.
because IMO overkill and Anarchy support are best kept as secrets, not to be shared. is how it felt for years.
some folks started giving me a hard time when I started putting some BGS Anarchy info in these forums.

everything is controlled by info or lack of.
people have egos and mostly are controlled by them. to belittle or to dis-credit something a person likes does have impact.

years of people telling everyone that Beams are just a bad weapon...like grade 1 all over again.

P.S. there is a thread on massacre mission problems, 4 years long to fix a bug.
the thread is a great example of mis-understanding, total inability to test anything in any way, and failure to comprehend.
and it was never fixed, it was made worse imo.
and the failures are on all sides, fdev and cmdrs both....I started the thread, walked away from it after a dev told us something that was not related, was why they don't work. something that didn't exist yet in game was the reason for missions not working......
the truth to why I posted is there in the thread, yet got 100% missed by everyone. then dragged on for 4 years to no solution.
Last edited: Dec 20, 2022
Reactions:
Darrack