selbie
Jan 6, 2024
#32,880
Louis Calvert said:
I'm still pretty sure "Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars" is an allusion to The Dark Wheel novella.
There are several significant similarities, virtually word-for-word between the descriptions of Raxxla in TDW novella and the Raxxla Codex.
This thread is evidence that Raxxla seekers insist that Robert Holdstock has cunningly concealed facts about Raxxla in his book(s) as hints for those with eyes to see.
The name of the book itself may be a clue, but I suspect Astrophel is an allusion to the Edmund Spencer poem, which is a tribute to Philip Sidney. Much as Raxxla in Elite is a tribute to Robert Holdstock.
So are you proposing specifically that the use of "Princess" and "Spiralling" are essentially red herrings and consider it as MB saying to us "reference the tribute not the source for further clues" ?

Louis Calvert said:
Consider the idea that people who hear the "call of Raxxla" (literally are recipients of mystical visions) respond according to their circumstances, training, skills and personality. this is the current known order:
Unnamed Author, hears the call - creates a children's story inspired by his visions which matches what others have described.
Dynasty mission crewmember, hears the call - goes mad possibly because they are stuck on a ship and can't do anything about it.
Former President Jasmina Halsey, hears the call - arranges a massive exploration drive to gather data from thousands of people to find the source.
Jaques? - possibly, though absolutely not definitely - certainly had a wanderlust, until he suddenly doesn't.
Space Technician Romero, hears the call - arranges to steal a long-range exploration ship to reach the source.
How many thousands... millions... of others have there been over the last 1000+ years? all of whom will have responded differently.
.....

The Siren Song originates from the centre of the Galaxy. The Omphalos of the Galaxy, fundamentally, all this fits exactly what the Codex is talking about.

The entire Codex is basically telling us this:

1) The Landscape Signal is the 'siren song' of Raxxla. It's the in-game representation of the mystical visions in Lore.
2) People have been hearing it for centuries (since before 2296) to the detriment of many.
3) It's mythical, but there are commonalities between accounts that suggest a foundation of truth which is likely to be different from the myth.
4) The siren song affects everyone differently, and not everyone gets 'the full message', like we don't get a full and clear version of the Landscape Signal.
5) Fragments of different accounts can be combined together for a more accurate picture.
6) Those that hear the siren song are often obsessive, change personality, etc. (this gives us clues to look for in the Lore).
Click to expand...
The word sonnet is derived from the italian term sonetto literally meaning "little song", derived from the Latin word sonus, meaning a sound.
So there is something interesting here. Poems have specific structures to them.
Spencer's poem according to the wiki consists of:
3 prefatory stanzas,
33 stanzas of elegy, and
3 describing the grief of Astrophel's fellow shepherds, in sixains rhyming ababcc.
The Raxxla logo has 3 inner segments, 33 dashes, and 6 outer pieces. Potentially significant?

In addition sixains is known as a Sestina which includes a spiral pattern of "lexical repetition" of the last word in each stanza. Raxxla fits into 6, so perhaps the signal shapes represent something and a sequence could be used to open / decode something. Who knows what.....
An example using RAXXLA here:
Stanza 1 - R Stanza 2 - A Stanza 3 - X Stanza 4 - X Stanza 5 - L Stanza 6 - A
R A X L X A
A R A X L X
X L X A R A
X A R A X L
L X A R A X
A X L X A R

The landscape signal also has a clear repetition, which I remember looking into a few years ago now.
The Quest To Find Raxxla
How much of the sidereal wall has been mapped in elite?
forums.frontier.co.uk

The shapes match the repetition of letters with two shapes being adjacent each other - the faint and clear X/A shape, meaning if it is read in the RAXXLA sequence they can only stand for X.

This is only one interpretation of the shape matches. The letter A could be substituted for X as they both occur twice in Raxxla. So it becomes more fuzzy as to a possible sequence, if the word is a clue.
Using the above table, two other stanzas have adjacent letters:
Stanza 2 has the sequence A R L A X X (which would form LAXXAR in the above image) and
Stanza 4 has the sequence L X A A R X. - any relevance to ARX here???

The other sticking points are the missing two shapes at the end before the pattern repeats again. Are they missing to be found? or are they implied based on the arrangement of previous elements?
SPOILER: SEQUENCE TRANSITION

As a side note, I'm reminded of the earlier post about Drew's content.
ROC - Right On Commander was the cypher for the puzzle, so could Call Of Raxxla - COR - be a mirrored version of that

Something else I noticed in Spencer's poem, Astrophel is also referred to as Penthia. One web source says it is an unidentified plant, most likely the Aster flower.
Another says it is derived from Penthus/Penthos who was the Old Greek personification of grief - although this source seems dubious. His parents were supposedly Aether and Gaia (Hyginus) - this parentage had offspring mainly associated with negative apsects such as Dolor (Pain), or Ira (Anger).

The gods, which all things see, this same beheld,
And pittying this paire of lovers trew,
Transformed them, there lying on the field,
Into one flowre that is both red and blew:
It first growes red, and then to blew doth fade,
Like Astrophel, which thereinto was made.

And in the midst thereof a star appeares,
As fairly formd as any star in skyes,
Resembling Stella in her freshest yeares,
Forth darting beames of beautie from her eyes;
And all the day it standeth full of deow,
Which is the teares that from her eyes did flow.

That hearbe, of some, Starlight is cald by name,

But thou, where ever thou doest finde the same,
From this day forth do call it Astrophel:
And when so ever thou it up doest take,
Do pluck it softly for that shepheards sake.

Hereof when tydings far abroad did passe,
The shepheards all which loved him full deare,
And sure full deare of all he loved was,
Did thether flock to see what they did heare.
And when that pitteous spectacle they vewed,
The same with bitter teares they all bedewed.

And every one did make exceeding mone,
With inward anguish and great griefe opprest:
And every one did weep and waile and mone,
And meanes deviz’d to shew his sorrow best:
That from that houre since first on grassie greene
Shepheards kept sheep, was not like mourning seen.

But first his sister, that Clorinda hight,
The gentlest shepheardesse that lives this day,
And most resembling both in shape and spright
Her brother deare, began this dolefull lay.
Which, least I marre the sweetnesse of the vearse,
In sort as she it sung I will rehearse.
Click to expand...
I wonder if he means when this particular flower goes from a reddish colour into a blueish "death" phase. Depends on the variety of Aster.
Edit: now I get it! He means BOTH red and blue - mixed together those pigments and you get purple / magenta a common variety of Aster flower.
I wonder if that could also symbolise the phase of a star.

Louis Calvert said:
The Raxxla logo represents this idea, as any good logo should

This recreated logo is proportionally accurate (I flattened the Codex logo to check the sizes of everything):
View attachment 380225
The Raxxla Logo appears to show something fragmented into 6 parts, that when assembled leave a little space in the middle for the very centre dot (the Omphalos).

I can confirm this being a regular hexagon when I was making the earlier recreations I posted here.
Last edited: Jan 6, 2024
Reactions:
Adam_Aster, Emperor, Adel and 2 others