El Saico
Jan 6, 2024
#32,878
Louis Calvert said:
The Raxxla logo represents this idea, as any good logo should

This recreated logo is proportionally accurate (I flattened the Codex logo to check the sizes of everything):
View attachment 380225
The Raxxla Logo appears to show something fragmented into 6 parts, that when assembled leave a little space in the middle for the very centre dot (the Omphalos).

In the centre of the logo is an icon that literally means "the centre":
View attachment 380226
The Landscape Signal is much longer than most people show because it's almost entirely blank in a spectrogram, which isn't very fun , there are small marks and suggestions of more shapes, but nothing as clear as the 'landscape' - but then ?

Maybe this is why:



If we conceptually imagine that these 6 sections each contain a part of the map, then we consider that there is enough space in the Landscape spectrogram for 6 more images the same size as the current one equally spaced apart, then, as I've been saying, the intention is that we 'complete the map' to reach Raxxla. I doubt it's that clean in reality, but as you can see, either way there's room for a lot more to fit in there

And as per my explanation previously, this is what the Codex appears to be telling us: The path the Raxxla is fragmentary, and we're meant to assemble the 'truth' from the bits we have. Those clues are scattered through the in-game Lore (not sure there'd be any in the novels tbh). This is represented by the logo and suggested in the text of the Codex itself.

A good place to start is looking at incidents of people who seem to have heard the Call of Raxxla, like Halsey and Gan and the others. Maybe the reason they heard it was related to their location at the time? This is what I'm currently investigating

My guess is that there will be celestial objects or locations that have audio that will compliment the Landscape Signal.

I have tested and confirmed that the Landscape Signal can be heard through all celestial bodies - but as soon as you enter the "horizons" part of a planetary sphere the signal is replaced by the sound of the planet. This means the Landscape Signal can only be heard in space - which ties in with the idea that it's part of the original pre-Horizons game, and therefore everyone everywhere should be able to take part, on any platform, and always have been able to, assuming I'm reading the intention of the signal correctly.

If I'm right, this means the clues we're looking for are in space, likely limited to things that existed at game launch. It's highly likely that certain systems and locations of significance contain the other clues, so that probably ties in with a lot of the theories and work people have in this thread trying to link locations in-game to the Raxxla hunt, I respectfully suggest we've just been looking for the wrong things in those locations, we should be looking for special audio in real space, possibly sounding like more siren songs.
Click to expand...
That... would make it even sadder the Halsey plot was cut short by FDev.

Drew Wagar knows a lot about it, he and Brookes were full of ideas, but his NDA remains in the way.

Some systems to keep in mind for looking into more pieces of the puzzle, going by your theory:
Tau Ceti - namedropped by the Codex
Facece - original location of Jaques Station; more specifically, the orbit of Topaz
Gliese 1269 - starting point for Jaques' ill-fated jump
Last edited: Jan 6, 2024
Reactions:
Adel, Rochester and Louis Calvert