mearmortal
Jan 5, 2024
#32,870
Rochester said:
Tuatha Dé Danann

Note: these are not definitive and correlations are based upon open source information; various names might been interchangeable based upon locational origins; much may be fictitious or modern interpretations of verbal/oral history.

Of note many of the entities described below, their locations or their race are also likewise utilised by Robert Holdstock in his ‘The Lost Realms’.

It is my suspicion that Michael Brookes has incorporated this race into the game, not arbitrarily. Their positions I believe follow an existing architecture, where ‘upper’ gods are established within an ‘upper hemisphere’ - which sits ‘above’ a zone of Chaos, and identifies a larger‘Miltonian / Holdstockian Cosmological model.

My initial assumption is that they form the skeletal foundations of this architecture and help denote the zone of the heavens.

The Tuatha Dé Danann are otherwise known generally as ‘the folk of the goddess Danu’ the "mother of the gods" or "mother of all things". The term Danu however is a modern word based upon Danann.

Danann - is also known by the earlier name Tuath Dé or tribe of the gods who lived in the ‘Otherworld’ a realm of realms which exists both outside but also within our reality.

The Danann are associated with the Sídhe or old burial bounds as entrances to the Otherworld.

The Danann included: the Dagda, the Morrigan, Lugh, Nuada, Brigid, Manannán, Dian Cecht, Goibniu, Ogma, Nuada also known as Nodens, Etain, Bodb and Dearg.

Dagda is not in game, but has multiple alternate names, including possible links to Odin and Donn, which is in game.

The Manannán is not in game but his realm Mag Mel is.

Then there were the Fomorians, an opposing population to the Tuatha Dé Danann potential destructive forces of nature, demons, or malevolent spirits, that may have dwelt underwater beneath the earth. However certain Fomorians were directly related to the Tuatha Dé Danann such as Brigit (Brigid).They were fought by various members of the Danann.

Danu is in game (Y+)
Morrigan is in game (Y+)
Dian Cecht is in game (Y+)
Goibniu is in game (Y+)
Ogma is in game (Y+)
Nodens is in game (Y+)
Etain is in game (Y+)
Boann is in game (Y+)
Lugh is in game (Y-)
Brigid is in game (Y-)
Bodb Dearg is in game (Y-)
Fomorians is in game (Y-)

- these are not definitive and only based upon open source information, these were used to establish any in game visual links which may help correlate patterns.



Tara is in game
Mag Mel is in game
Cernunnos is in game.
Click to expand...
I decided to take a look at these names and found most apart from 1 in the game, Fomorians by all accounts is not in Odyssey as of last night. I have a list of POI's I'm going to visit over the next few weeks and decided to include these as well.
Reactions:
Emperor