Emperor
Apr 12, 2022
#25,939
Jorki Rasalas said:
Ive asked Ascorbius for clarification. He responded that
“
It was during a closed Q&A session - I'm trying to recall whether it was Lavecon or the later ECM in Reading. It was the last Q&A Michael Brookes was at.

I'm pretty sure it was Lavecon 2017 in the Q&A. There were a load of things announced there, Crime and Punishment and the early views of AX weapons as well as Search and Rescue.
I've also just checked Michael Brookes announced he was stepping away from Elite at Lavecon 2017 so it's pretty unlikely to be the ECM Reading.

The memory is hazy given that I've been to a few Lavecons and ECMs and recollections after the fact are unreliable but I'm pretty sure it was Lavecon 2017.

But I absolutely was there when he said it, it's sad there's no footage with it being a closed Q&A, but there were a lot of people in the room.
”

BUT as Ive just explained, it is to pursue this alleged rumour as it is
Click to expand...

You could argue you can reduce the search parameters/hypothesis? (Which has been mentioned here many times, and which are as valid as any other thought on the subject outside of DB and MB! - I think this causes some issues with people accepting it might actually be a lead as the implications might mean it no longer fits in with their thoughts? )

If you consider the evidence worth considering then you could :
Reduce the possible systems to one's visited and scanned before Lavecon 2017?
That assuming nothing has changed you could find the system in question with the functionality available at the time?
That it might not appear in the navigation panel, etc because of a honk?
How did FD know they had honked and left? - first to visit and sell the data? 1st level scan only?
Assume "one person" had been through the system honked and left, which suggests it's a not well visited system at the time & most likely uninhabited if near the bubble? - So Sol, Shin Rez, Old worlds, etc less likely?
Likely to have been an explorer if they were the first in the system and uninhabited.... if so perhaps a boring looking system of little value in terms of exploration data?

“Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth.” - Sherlock Homes”



And small correction on hearsay/alleged rumour from the link you supplied

"For example, to prove that Tom was in town, a witness testifies, "Susan told me that Tom was in town." Because the witness's evidence relies on an out-of-court statement that Susan made, if Susan is unavailable for cross-examination, the answer is hearsay."

You only need David for cross-examination if someone else other than Ascorbius made the claim.. he claimed he heard it and was present in the room at the time it was said... not that someone else told him it happened...There is no "Susan" as in the example above in the account just an "eye witness" (Ascorbius) as they would be called in Law

"Noun
eyewitness (plural eyewitnesses)
Someone who sees an event and can report or testify about it. [from 16th c.]"
Reactions:
Rochester