Han_Zen
Jan 24, 2024
#33,152
Edelgard von Rhein said:
Although this is selbie's post I am responding to because of its excellent illustration, it goes for anyone pursuing audio analysis with these techniques.

I want to say please be very careful about looking for patterns in background noise. These are all either going to be generated by an algorithm and/or be repeating samples of real-life sounds or noises. It is natural that there will be repetition. The signal-to-noise ratio of the features selbie is highlighting is going to be close to 1. If you were to examine any background feature from any location or activity in the game it is highly likely that you would be able to find momentary patterns at low signal-to-noise.

When FD have put clues or Easter Eggs (like their logo) into audio in the game, they have made it a clear pattern with high signal-to-noise. Compare with the Thargoid Probe signal, for example. They are already making exceptional out-of-game demands on players by having any clues like this at all. Hiding clues even further, in very low signal-to-noise patterns, does not seem to me like either a reasonable, rational thing to do or good game design. It has to be something that everyone can see if they go through the right steps.

In this instance, it might even be worth FD saying, despite in general not saying 'this is not Raxxla', for them to say that this is nothing more than a product of their sound engineering processes and not related to any narrative element. This is one rabbit hole where those who are diligent and curious could waste a great deal of time. It is possible to see/hear almost anything in white noise.

Please note that I am not telling anyone to stop, or that they are wrong, instead that it will be almost impossible to prove that anything found is real. There are many creative and vigilant people willing to go into great detail to find clues, which is wonderful. Please be careful that you are not wasting your own time and energy.

Fly safe! o7
Click to expand...
Good points. I would also add that the sound we call the landscape signal, has been in the game from the start.
This was before the UA with it’s hidden morse code. That morse code took a few months to find, even though we knew we had to ‘listen to it’. This was the event that made people install audacity and other sound analyzers.
I doubt that FD had even tought of putting images in the sounds, before that.
All the examples we have, have been added in later updates.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and Rochester