Louis Calvert
Jan 24, 2024
#33,157
Edelgard von Rhein said:
Although this is selbie's post I am responding to because of its excellent illustration, it goes for anyone pursuing audio analysis with these techniques.

I want to say please be very careful about looking for patterns in background noise. These are all either going to be generated by an algorithm and/or be repeating samples of real-life sounds or noises. It is natural that there will be repetition. The signal-to-noise ratio of the features selbie is highlighting is going to be close to 1. If you were to examine any background feature from any location or activity in the game it is highly likely that you would be able to find momentary patterns at low signal-to-noise.

When FD have put clues or Easter Eggs (like their logo) into audio in the game, they have made it a clear pattern with high signal-to-noise. Compare with the Thargoid Probe signal, for example. They are already making exceptional out-of-game demands on players by having any clues like this at all. Hiding clues even further, in very low signal-to-noise patterns, does not seem to me like either a reasonable, rational thing to do or good game design. It has to be something that everyone can see if they go through the right steps.

In this instance, it might even be worth FD saying, despite in general not saying 'this is not Raxxla', for them to say that this is nothing more than a product of their sound engineering processes and not related to any narrative element. This is one rabbit hole where those who are diligent and curious could waste a great deal of time. It is possible to see/hear almost anything in white noise.

Please note that I am not telling anyone to stop, or that they are wrong, instead that it will be almost impossible to prove that anything found is real. There are many creative and vigilant people willing to go into great detail to find clues, which is wonderful. Please be careful that you are not wasting your own time and energy.

Fly safe! o7
Click to expand...
On a personal level I'm annoyed at your reply because of all the frankly very odd things people discuss on this thread. I don't recall this type of warning being issued in recent memory, despite the fact that you people discuss books that have nothing to do with Elite and discuss runes and all sorts of random stuff, you pull material from non-canon sources and make conjecture chains that devolve into discussions of theology, from mythology that appears no-where in game but maybe the name of a single star, you discuss the symbolism of Tourism station for some reason and spend months travelling to black holes because black holes are "like Stella's eyes"??!!!. You spend hundreds of hours visiting and discussing star systems because the name seems a bit like a thing a guy once saw on a toilet stall in the McDonalds next to the place where Brookes said he once had a burger and wrote about it in his blog in 2012!

I could go on for quite some time, and you know it.

When some of us find something that appears in-game, and seems very much to be a reasonable solve for quite a lot of the in-game puzzle elements presented in the Raxxla Codex, and we get excited because it genuinely feels like we might have actually found something, you - or anyone on this thread - have no right to suggest we're wasting time.

Maybe I should have talked more about 19th century poetry?

As to the rest of your post: With respect, and I'm not an expert but an enthusiastic amateur, but from what I know what you're saying here misrepresents what's happening and we should get this sorted.

From what I understand it's actually not possible for specific recognisable structures to appear in spectrograms "naturally". I've looked at probably thousands of audio sources (for non-Elite reasons ) and I've never seen a "naturally occurring" noise source that resembles the Landscape Signal or D7's newly seen hyperspace triangles. Yes, you can argue whether they are structures, but the easiest way to do that is look and decide for yourself. If you're not convinced, opt out.

However, I do agree that you could argue these things might not be related to Raxxla - I believe I've repeatedly shown that the Raxxla Codex does seem to align with the Landscape Signal pretty well, and D7's new discovery does seem to appear to coincide with the idea of "whisperer in witch-space", but I'm happy to discuss those connections further
Reactions:
Quaero and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian