Emperor
Jul 26, 2020
#18,085
I've been reading the various comments on the video of the claim that MB stated someone had been in the system and then jumped out of the system and whilst I didn't comment when I posted it I thought I'd add my thoughts as some people have said it's not relevant and it's caused some other thoughts too.... (all valid!)

So for years when someone quoted "someone" said "Frontier said it's been visited by a commander and they honked and then left" (or any version sounding like this) I have always asked for a citation... now I have heard someone say it outright and who claims to have been there at the time, I ask myself why would they say it if it's not true.... Not least for the legal issues they might face or trouble in using Frontier copyrighted material as they are an on line streamer.

So what can I take from this.... it's probably true that it was said by MB at the time; the risk to their reputation would be too great in my opinion to lie right out.

Why haven't they said this before on a stream, forum, post, etc... I don't know... perhaps they have?

How does this help the search for Raxxla, if you go with the belief it was said by MB back then... well for me...

1. If you could identify the systems visited up to that point it would narrow down the search - can this be done? I don't know of a way....
2. Can you find the system and visit it.... You could back then, could it have been permit locked then or now.... yes it could... however they must have been able to access it at the time with an existing permit or the permit has been added later. Do we know if permits have been added over time? I don't know...
3. Did you need Horizons, well from the timings of the original quotes I started to see being mentioned around the place - I don't think so. Could you need Horizon's now... possibly
4. If you believe someone visited and left and didn't know they had been in the "Raxxla system", does this infer they could have realised what was in that system if they had looked? - This is the interesting one to me.... were they likely to be Elite or triple Elite back then.... who knows.... is it a little bit obvious? I don't know... but again linking it back to the rough time these quotes started to appear what could you do beyond a simple "honk"?
5. Is it in game?... then yes, based on this it's in the game... So no reason to stop this infernal search!
6. Is there anything else that you can take from the statement that might help.... Probably not... but you may have more ideas/thoughts than me....

So number 5 is the best and worst bit of the puzzle to me..... I actually am more convinced it's in the game - more than ever.... so more pain and blind alleys to come....

What could someone do with this information/claim - well someone could ask CMDR Ascorbius if he has mentioned this before? if so where? if not why?
Was anything else said at the time? (I can't believe someone wouldn't have asked anything else and left the statement as is....)
Was this said to him? or did he (like other's have suggested over the years) overhear this and if so who was being spoken too?
What was said before this statement to put it in to context?