Havvk
Jul 27, 2020
#18,097
Vetinari said:
Just for the record as its changed. I think it now needs recording here for new players who start with this thread so they actually know the facts. All sources are taken from the full thread discussing this but in short. The story so far...

A rumour started circulating and being repeated by a friend of a friend of a friend as solid fact on various threads that MB said at LaveCon 2017 - Someone honked it etc

Within a couple of days of actual 'sources' coming forward and it being able to be investigated it changed to:

Someone, now an unnamed Fdev employee said it at LaveCon 2017 AND MB said it on a Livestream.

Livestream found, MB says no such thing, person retracts and says they never actually watched the livestream (after posting on 4 different occasions that MB had definitely said it in the Livestream, this is the level of proof that you are relying on here, people saying what they heard off others without actually checking the source) - So MB has now been REMOVED from ANY connection to this 'quote', it is now an 'unnamed fdev employee'

Cant be DB as he didnt go to LaveCon, isnt MB as we now know for a fact so its now

da da da

An unnamed fdev employee that apparently said it at LaveCon.

One streamer may be saying he heard MB say it, haven't watched the clip, but everyone else who says they were and heard it (which is now 1 person who has retracted half their story) now says it wasn't MB, was never MB but an unnamed employee. MB was brought in later as confirming it on a livestream to add weight to the discussion but that is now proven patently untrue.

MB has refused to confirm that it is true or that he ever said it, we now know he didnt say it. Fdev have refused to confrm it is true or that anybody said it. The unnamed fdev employee cant be found for comment obviously.

'A lie can go round the world before the truth can get its boots on'

I think in-game or RP rumours and tinfoil are great, I think rumours and tinfoil about real people is harmful and not needed. Especially when it results in someones professionalism being called into question, whether they can be trusted to stick to an NDA or when emails to said person asking them about their old job, give them a break please.

P.S. RE Turning the Wheel - this is a Community thought out, led, developed and run event. Drew has joined in with a bit of RP. Nothing to do with fdev and maybe if they do respond they wont want him to take part so treat it as pure RP until confirmed.
Click to expand...
This is the most frustrating thing about this rumor is that it hasn't been made clear enough that Raxxla has never been jonked by a player. Ever. Yet.


Raxxla is not something we're gonna brute force our way to like we did with Zurara or Jaques Station.
Reactions:
Fiera and [PS4] Filthymick420