Jorki Rasalas
May 9, 2023
#30,339
Emperor said:
You found it then! I was going through the beyond vids but hadn't got to that one...

Interesting.... AB-W said “that thing we haven’t shown” (Raxxla codex entry) “there’s elements of that that are probably my favourite parts of this”.... So he's suggesting there was something in that release specifically for Raxxla as I don't think he's referring to the codex entry itself...

Quite a lot in that release in terms of new functionality... I wonder which bits might be used in those elements that were his favourites?
Yes, his remark makes no sense if it was about the Raxxla codex entry, so clearly it’s about Raxxla itself. He also said something just before that remark about some hints being dropped in preceding videos, but that might or might not be to Raxxla, could be the other things. Possibly those reported in the codex discoveries tab.

Edit
Looking at Beyond’s updates for things that might be relevant to improved Raxxla implementation
Elite Dangerous: Beyond
Elite Dangerous: Beyond advances the ongoing player-driven narrative and introduces dozens of game-changing upgrades and enhancements, whether you prefer to trade, fight or explore. This third season of content is available FREE for all Elite Dangerous owners. — Frontier Developments[1] Elite...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com

I’m pondering:
Interactions with installations & megaships
Planetary visual improvements
Extra engineers
Guardian beacons
Mining gameplay
FSS & surface & composition scanner
Notable Stellar Phenomena
USS
Scenario missions at USS
AX conflict zones
“Improved Lighting Model - lighting adjustments, colour grading, improved fog effects, shadows in fog volumes. This will benefit planetary tech as well as space”
content that was planned for Chapter Four of Beyond but delayed to future updates:
Improved planetary environments for ice planets
Improvements to the variety of sizes and scales used in the scatter rocks system
Improved ambient effects for fog and vapour, planetary phenomena, and volumetric effects

So, speculating...Raxxla might be:
a Guardian AI engineer?
A Guardian beacon/installation/ship

And perhaps hidden in a planetary ring/NSP/USS?

(P.S. “asteroid” means “star-like”)

Given Raxxla has been in-game since gamma I’m plumping for a planetary ring...tried yesterday to see if a Pulse Wave Analyser made it easier to find an asteroid base (it didn't!). On my way back to Saturn to dive the rings once more..the reasoning, “Omphalos” is the hexagonal storm named by New York Times readers, it matches the hexagonal ring in the logo, where the dots could represent the rocks/ice in the ring, it’s the sixth planet of Sol, the three logo arcs are shown at the entrance to all asteroid bases, the central dot and circle are the symbol for Sol but also could be the docking beacon light. And of course the Mars Artefact points out an early alien presence in Sol!

The improved lighting model & fog shadows could make Raxxla in a ring truly (chillingly?) cool
And there were a couple of vids on the new mining gameplay.....
Oh, and I read yesterday that in2009 Saturn’s F ring was seen to be a spiral...and there are spiral structures in some other rings (https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rings_of_Saturn)

Now why cant I get into the game....??

Edit2 update notes
“
The Revenant seeks you...
Take caution when investigating Thargoid controlled territory at abandoned settlements...
”
So, Goid-engineered human zombies???
Last edited: May 9, 2023
Reactions:
Suitret, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester