CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
May 8, 2023
#30,327
There's another reason I think the symbolism and esoteric angle needs thorough consideration - the very specific groups utilizing snakes for the naming of ships. These are as follows:

Lakon Spaceways (one of the oldest ship manufacturers with direct links to Sol). Though, now fully divested from Sol and directly linked to Alioth and the Alliance. Their ships constituted the bulk of the Galactic Navy. Their snake ships include: Asp Mk II, Asp Scout, Asp Explorer, Keelback, Diamondback Scout, and Diamondback Explorer.
Zorgon Peterson - A thoroughly Independent ship manufacturer based in the Old Worlds/GalCop region. They are also notable for their ships having dubious origins. Their snake ships are: Adder, Fer-de-lance, and Mamba.
Faulcon Delacy - Based in Reorte though with significant ties to the Sirius Corporation. They also were the premiere manufacturer of the Viper series of police vessels. This is also perhaps The Dark Wheel's preferred ship manufacturer given the Cobra line of vessels. Their snake ships are: Sidewinder Mk I, Viper series, Cobra series, Krait series, Python, Anaconda.
Jorki Rasalas said:
Yes. Apparently DB wasn't too keen (didn’t note the reference for that) on the Holdstock novella, so I suspect this is the replacement for it.
Rochester said:
Yes recal Stroud saying as much in this thread too, that Holdstock was very much a Brookes favourite not Braben. I could easily imagine the Codex usurped any historical work undertaken by Brookes albeit repurposed!
Citation?

A few key reminders, intentionally or not the Raxxla myths have historically involved reptiles. Per Wikipedia: snakes are elongated, limbless, carnivorous reptiles of the suborder Serpentes.

Do we have reptilian references literally anywhere else in the lore? Seemingly, the answer is no. Thargoids are suspected of being insectoidal. Guardians seemingly are somewhat like humans but don't exactly match mammals. Besides, they are possibly extinct.

Further, at least from a mythological perspective, Python was the protector of Delphi before Apollo. However, we do have a Python that may well be protector of Delphi in Elite Dangerous:



Would you look at that - more reptile references. Perhaps the Raxxlan reptilian connection isn't literal but figurative and symbolic. If that is the case, the esoteric and symbolic become infinitely more important. I'd like to add, that in Elite Dangerous, the capitol of the Federation is Olympic Village, Mars. Both, Mars and Apollo were Olympic pantheon deities.

For more info on the Python mythology:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Python_(mythology)

For more info on the symbolism of snakes:
Serpent symbolism - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

For more info on Pythia or The Pythoness:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pythia

Rochester said:
Yes, do recall Stroud saying as much in this thread as well, that Holdstock was very much a Brookes thang, not Braben’s. I could easily imagine the Codex usurped any historical work undertaken by Brookes albeit repurposed!
I am citing this just to make the point this comes across as wishful thinking (but why someone would wish it quite frankly leaves me deeply confused). The Dark Wheel and Raxxla both really do not have any basis in the current game without Holdstock. Also, Ian Bell and David Braben are cited in the credits for Elite Dangerous. To my knowledge: neither has made any statements to the effect that The Dark Wheel novella wasn't relevant. If anything, Ian Bell wanted to go much further with those ideas and even had a play and book written (see http://www.elitehomepage.org/musical/index.htm and http://www.elitehomepage.org/musical/book.htm ). Frontier Developments even offers Elite Classic for free on their website ( https://www.frontierstore.net/elite1984.html ). You cannot just dismiss it because it makes you uncomfortable.
Last edited: May 8, 2023
Reactions:
KrabMister