Louis Calvert
Nov 13, 2022
#27,877
Jorki Rasalas said:
I think one of the three candidate systems that I whittled down to should have the Omphalos Rift hidden there. That is supposed to be the gateway to Raxxla. Since the Omphalos stone from Ancient Greece had a conical hole I have dived all the BH that I came across, since the ship’s hud holgram shows a BH spiralling down in a cone-shaped hole to its centre. But the Omphalos could also be an alien artefact (as the codex says) which needs to be activated somehow.

If it is not a BH then the omphalos is most likely hidden/disguised -MB is rumoured to have said the system was visited but Raxxla not found, hence the gateway is not obvious. Disguised as a space installation is one possibility, another is as a “comet” which are invisible and you need to drop out at them-they are tiny but a little bit obvious once you know about them. Locating them can be tricky.

How to trigger the Omphalos is a moot question. I am now combat averse, due to gaining hand & wrist tendonitis due to killing many Thargoid Scouts during Covid Lockdown in order to attain Combat Elite rank. I have flown through any corridors I could find at many space installations, including the Josie Rosa installation candidate, but triggered nothing, so it might be that combat is required to trigger the Omphalos-there is no hint in the codex. Perhaps violence either directly against the installation or to fight off the installation attackers which usually appear? maybe this is another part of the mission system overhaul that deleted the old Elite/Founder PF missions at Shinrarta?

No, I think Raxxla was found by Faster Than Light travel. I think this assumption has limited the Quest (& I believed it until this recent GW-detection hypothesis occurred to me). It have been, but then must be located very close to Sol due to the very limited range of the drives at that time (& I have dome a lot of bubble searching). I now think it is more likely that an anomaly was detected by Gravitational Wave (GW) astronomy in the 21st Century and hence could be a long distance from Sol. The second and third data releases from the Gaia (hinted at by Mother Gaia faction and the “mother of galaxies” part of the toast) space telescope are being used to measure very accurate pulsar distances and frequencies, & variation in those is mooted as a way to detect GW ( - note University of !). It is possible that Raxxla/Omphalos was then found by a targeted expedition after a GW anomaly had been found, possibly by renowned explorer Augustus Brenquith (), who disappeared but sent his exploration logs via a message capsule to Sol which was recovered near Jupiter. Any data on Raxxla/Omphalos therein could have been suppressed (The Club?).

My three candidates are only IMHO the strongest possibilities. There still remain a few to be tested, but they are getting a very long way away. I may have missed some possibilities, see my GW candidates within 700ly of Sol sheet; Of course it might be further out than 700ly, but at that point I did some filtering... maybe I was too stringent? I’m currently at LGM-1 (the first pulsar ever detected by Jocelyn Bell Burnell, so labelled for Little Green Man since there was a possibility it was an alien signal) at 13 kylies from Sol & the next is another 13 kylies...not sure if I have the stamina left.
Click to expand...
That's fascinating So you're primarily looking for a black hole with an alien object around/near it? I would hope if you find such a place it will respond to a D-Scanner!

A black hole does seem really likely. I always thought it's weird Fdev put one in Maia, afaik there's no hint of one there IRL. Not sure if that was ever explained?
Reactions:
Rochester