Jorki Rasalas
Nov 13, 2022
#27,869
OK, I said I’d disclose my latest hypothesis which IMHO makes sense of most of what we know. The key is that David Braben loves astronomy! I pursued various astronomy-based Google treks, which found some interesting things about Sirens and Whisperers which then led to this hypothesis that satisfies the Toast, Astrophel and Spiralling Stars, and maybe “Lyta Crane”. I wont spend time to make it read nicely, but paste my rather rambling notes in below. Suffice to say I’m currently at LGM-1 & have discounted it, no comets or installations here but it would have been a good joke!

I started out reanalysing the Toast from various aspects, which involved a lot of astronomical-based Googling and came up with several possibilities which I explored...see last two links in my signature,

I’m now a long way from the bubble and in view of the imminent Thargoid onslaught I may not make the trip back to further investigate the three candidates I’ve identified. I may have made a mistake in checking for comets; perhaps the Creator of the Universe left a big gap between meaningful bodyid numbers to fool me?

After I’d started checking out potential gravitational wave (GW) sources I also remembered that constellation Gemini is abbreviated to Gem, which is clearly a possibility for the Toast’s jewel (the brightest Gemini stars are frequent telescope targets for amateur astronomers), so also checked out the brightest stars there. I have done some extensive travels and a lot of testing for comets, and am exhausted. I think that Raxxla (more likely the Omphalos gateway to it since Raxxla is likely hidden away on FD servers in Cambridge until the Omphalos is triggered to instantiate Raxxla) must be hidden, either as a comet (Placet seems to be explicitly designed as a hint to their existence) or as an installation (which have been in-game since the beginning, and from Holdstock’s Raxxla: “We've long suspected that a corps of élites lives there, and are exploiting the gateway.”)

I have whittled my suspicions down to three likely candidate systems -browse through to understand! What I don't understand is how to activate the omphalos to reach Raxxla...

SPOILER: ONE HYPOTHESIS TO SOLVE THEM ALL AND IN THE DARKNESS FIND THEM?

































































































































































































































































































































Last edited: Nov 13, 2022
Reactions:
Macros Black, Louis Calvert and Rochester