Jorki Rasalas
Nov 16, 2023
#32,036
Han_Zen said:
I think Raxxla appear long after the Guardian timeline we have from the sites. If Raxxla has any connection to the classical mythology of earth, I think we can approximately date it. If we believe all the stories, mythologies and religions, it seems the goods appear on earth about 12,000 BC and mostly leave around 3,000 - 2,000 BC.
We then have a short return of a demi god from about 4 BC - 30 AD and a human using the portal in about 620 AD.

In this period the gods lived elsewhere and just visited earth, when they felt like it. Some lived in the heavens and some lived in the underworld. They all had some access to earth, but very limited for those from the underworld.

This period is probably at least million years after the fall of the Guardians. We are talking about remnants, exiles, constructs or some other form of descendents from the Guardians. Possibly several factions, in a bit of a power struggle.
We only have access to the late history of the traditionalist Guardians. These were fully or mostly wiped out.
What happened to the other groups, is still unknown. Who ever they were or are, the seem to have given up on project earth a few thousand years ago. Hopefully they didn't dismantle their portal when they left. They sure hid it well though.
2001 Space Odyssey is remembered in the ED docking music (as it was in Elite 1). IIRC in 2001SO the first monolith landed on Earth and affected primitive hominids in pre-history (Guardian times?). A second monolith was found (during 20th Century space exploration) in a magnetic anomaly buried on Luna & when excavated sent a signal to the final monolith in Jupiter orbit (in the book, but changed in film). The final monolith was a portal, but could be that any of them could do that function. So perhaps Raxxla is a monolith portal on Luna? Odd that Luna is still permit locked....

Luna fits one aspect of the Triple Goddess theme of the logo. It also fits the Jewel on the Brow of the Mother of Galaxies (Sol's Mother Gaia faction).

There is another possibility...that the second monolith is on Luna and points to the third (gateway) which could be on Triton (also strangely permit locked). I don't like this hypothesis as it would mean FD have deliberately blocked the Quest, and still are.

Also...Triton is the start point of the journey through the Underworld depicted in MB's tattoo
Last edited: Nov 16, 2023
Reactions:
Han_Zen