Frankymole
Nov 16, 2023
#32,033
Rochester said:
Positioning of the gods

Following on from my investigations into the possibility that certain systems named after deities hold some unknown spacial alignment, please find below the following data.

These lists are not definitive and may be edited over time.

Thunder and Storm gods
Systems named after thunder or storm gods are positioned tightly around Sol in a bubble, the large majority are above Sol, these collectively sit above those systems named after rivers etc. This sector is also attributed to various ‘upper gods’ also.


Systems named after various river goods are positioned just below this ‘thunder zone’. They also look to slope downwards towards the zone identified as the Lost Realms.


Systems named after death or rulers of the underworld are sparsely grouped below the river zone , with a distinct slope towards or with a focal point in the Lost Realms zone.


Systems named after fertility deities are positioned just below the Lost Realm zone. Those with death are in the same zone as those of the underworld. Those with paternity are in the same zone as those of thunder.














All deities found to date are focused around or below Sol, there are none found further out than the prescribed sphere of influence set by the furthest discovered systems up-to 2296.

These systems when shown together do advocate the existence of a focal point within the Lost Realms zone, focusing upon an area denoting an underworld. This zone is encapsulated by all other zones.

The Yggdrasil systems do correlate, the area which aligns with the Lost Realms zone is associated with systems describing the ‘edge of the world’ and the guard dog of the underworld.


Michael Brookes (RIP) wrote a number of drabbles about some of these deities.

These various deity systems are not in totality; there do exist various other related deities outside the game which are not in game, in addition to the evident concentrations in game and that certain deities are omitted, and Brookes interest in certain obscure deities, might indicate these systems were

These zone denotes a separation boundary (water) similar to that denoted by Robert Holdstocks Lost Realms, namely that the Otherworld is hidden over sea or water or below ground (aka the underworld) or through a mountain.

In if following this the ‘Otherworld’ is the same as Holdstocks ‘Lost Realms’ eg a lost paradise ergo Eden, as Holdstock identifies. Similarly as FD establishes Raxxla is the same as John Miltons ‘pendant world’ aka Raxxla is another example of a lost Eden aka a Lost Realm.

The above maps further establish the Lost Realms zone as a focal point. And that the ’Otherworld’ aka Raxxla is almost certainly below the zone of ‘Water’ and possibly above the zone of ‘fertility’.


It is currently unknown if certain deities are linked to a Holdstock concept of a triad or Holdstocks Ragthorn temple.
Thunder and Storm gods are what the Thargoid Maelstroms are named after. Maybe their positions matter.
Reactions:
Rochester