Rochester
Sep 7, 2020
#18,727
Emperor said:
So after a tip earlier in this thread, I have been reading "Islands in the Sky: The Four-Dimensional Journey of Odysseus through Space and Time"

Might have to have a few reads of it to fully understand but....

mythological trees of life?
omphalos?
navel?
pleiades?

just a thought










Click to expand...
The cosmic aspect of Scheria

This aspect of the Odyssey always attracted me regards the Omphalos.

Islands in the Sky
Homer provides an enormous challenge to the student; the potentialities of these lengthy texts are legion and the scholarship vast. The author has relied upon her knowledge of symbolic discourse to make a fresh study of the Odyssey, prioritising early neighbouring religions, their mythology, and...
books.google.co.uk

Calypso (/kəˈlɪpsoʊ/; Greek: Καλυψώ, translit. Kalypsō) was a nymph in Greek mythology, who lived on the island of Ogygia, where, according to the Odyssey, she detained Odysseus for seven years.

"The cavernous womb of Ogygia, which is ‘the navel of the sea"

Odysseus is a vagabond.

Calypso apart from Ithica or Penelope could also be Odysseus heart.

Obfuscated on the outer rim?

The etymology of Calypso's name is from καλύπτω (kalyptō), meaning "to cover", "to conceal", "to hide", or "to deceive".[1] According to Etymologicum Magnum, her name means "concealing the knowledge" (καλύπτουσα το διανοούμενον, kalýptousa to dianooúmenon), which – combined with the Homeric epithet δολόεσσα (dolóessa, meaning "subtle" or "wily") – justifies the eremitic character of Calypso and her island.

Scheria or Scherie (/ˈskɪəriə/; Ancient Greek: Σχερία or Σχερίη), also known as Phaeacia (/fiːˈeɪʃə/), was a region in Greek mythology, first mentioned in Homer's Odyssey as the home of the Phaeacians and the last destination of Odysseus in his 10-year journey before returning home to Ithaca.

Scheria / Drepane / Corcyra. Its described as looking like a shield in the misty face of the water. And on page 254 this 'shield' is described as a cosmic axis mundi.

Obfuscated ( Calypso/Ogygia) on the outer rim (of Scheria)?
Last edited: Sep 8, 2020
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Dr. Lexus, Hanerib and 3 others