Jaiotu
Feb 9, 2018
#1,688
Gaiseric said:
Do we believe that Raxxla is not permit locked? That is, do we think that it is possible to find it fortuitously? Or will it never be found until FD are good and ready to let us find it?

No. It is quite conceivable that Raxxla is permit locked. That would be kind of a cheat on Frontier's part but we have to consider the fact that Raxxla would be the ultimate "end game" event; not just for Elite: Dangerous but for the entire Elite series. Frontier could very well be holding Raxxla just out of reach until the game supports the kind of content that would really give unraveling its mystery the justice it deserves.

Look at The Formidine Rift mystery. We've been told that the original content boiled down to a derelict Anaconda ... until the game's maturity gave the developers the opportunity to replace that content with a much more impressive mega-ship. Raxxla is supposed to be a planet. Given the current state of the game what kind of planet could that possibly be? It would have to be some kind of place-holder content like that Anaconda was. If we were to find Raxxla tomorrow it could be such a disappointment that whoever stumbled upon it might not even realize that they'd found something important.

Supposedly Raxxla has been "in-game" since at least Gamma. That means before Horizons and before planetary landings. How much fun would finding Raxxla have been if we couldn't even land on the surface? Personally I'm hoping that Raxxla will be an Earth-like world and, if it is, that means that we currently can't visit the surface.

The longer it takes to find Raxxla the more extraordinary the discovery becomes (and the more likely Frontier will be accused of it not having existed back in Gamma like they said it did).

In any case it would make some sense for Frontier to want to save Raxxla until much later in the game's development and closer to when (if) they decide it is time to close down development.

There is good argument both for and against it being permit locked and therefore we continue to search and seek.
Last edited: Feb 9, 2018
Reactions:
Macros Black