Rochester
Nov 5, 2022
#27,664
Additionally to my early ramblings.

If the codex points to Delphi, via a: use of the term omphalos ergo Delphi. b: use of the name Tau Ceti ergo the myth of Cetus ergo Zeus ergo Donars Oak…

Why use Donar’s Oak?

I get that to call the stations Ammon, or Zeus would be too vague, so it works… but why Donars Oak?

It’s such an arcane reference?

Now given that prior to this we didn’t know about my Yggdrasil or John Milton sphere hypothesis (if correct and not just space madness), why reference a Germanic tree cult with associations with the mythical Yggdrasil axi mundi?

If it’s not a direct reference to go look at the Yggdrasil sphere of influence - why utilise Donars Oak… it’s so vague… unless the codex is directing us to Delphi and together they direct us to the bubble?

This was my initial seed that took me on my madness… then you have that correlating with the supposed John Milton sphere and if you draw a sphere around Sol to the furthest system settled by 2296 it correlates!

You then have the use of the astrological symbol for Sol in the logo!

The dates relating to the Mars Relic I too find interesting. Art also was a ship board mechanic (engineer!) based out of Tau Ceti, so he could have been on an interstellar ship with faster than light drive!

I don’t think we can presume too much around faster than light travel at that time, because technically that just opens a can of worms and it means Raxxla could be anywhere, making this assessment pointless.

The inclusion of a date indicates a sphere of reference, we have a number of systems discovered upto 2296 which could be utilised as a starting point.

But that’s if the date has relevance. That’s if the Yggdrasil sphere and Milton sphere are true (they might not be)…which is it?

Is it Tau Ceti and the bubble, is it Delphi? Is this intentional or are we over thinking it, there’s a contradiction.

My hypothesis could be irrelevant, but even without it the Tau Ceti assumption stands, as it potentially links to the Mars relic by 4 years…
Last edited: Nov 5, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert