Rochester
Jul 9, 2024
#34,480
Jorki Rasalas said:
Codex mentions Fernweh. Fernweh meaning: wanderlust, a desire to travel, a longing for far-off places. The word is thought to have first been used by Prince Hermann Ludwig Heinrich von Pückler-Muskau, a keen traveller (Wanderer). He returned to England in 1828 where he became something of a celebrity in London society spending nearly two years in search of a wealthy second wife capable of funding his ambitious gardening schemes.
Codex Toast: ends in vagabond
Vagabonds are Wanderers, who have a desire to travel...

In Paradise Lost Adam and Eve were expelled from Eden to wander the Earth

Dahan 2e is named Wanderer...


I'm leaning towards Dahan 2e or Dahan 3!!

Spent all afternoon fruitlessly hunting for TOHF; found two ships carrying them, their cargo hatches were far stronger than their shields and hulls!! Gave up at dinner time to go back for my Phantom with the Hatch breakers.

Really must get on constructing kitchen cabinets
Click to expand...

“Graves are the mountain tops of a remote new world,” inscription in the railing atop the land pyramid in Pückler’s park at Branitz.

Pückler was buried beneath an example of an earth tumulus or barrow, which the Celts saw as passageways to the Otherworld.


Prince Hermann Ludwig Heinrich von Pückler-Muskau’s grave site / land pyramid.

Apparently Edgar Allen Poe’s “the landscape garden” might have had some influence from Pückler, his own writings being vaguely transformative, recalling travels through some gardens being likened to some pastoral ‘Otherworld’?

https://www.ghi-dc.org/fileadmin/publications/Bulletin_Supplement/Supplement_4/supp4.pdf

Still can’t find any direct contextual link to game for Pückler other than his use of the word fernweh; otherwise this is a tenuous romantic, abstract influence at best. We can assume maybe there could be some writerly influence, regard style ect, but logically its too wide. This potentially might be an example of why the quest has taken so long to decrypt, not because it is difficult, but because the author may have used unrelated source materials?

FD had indicated as such, through their comments left in the memorial tour…this is not a criticism but, without a centralised context; theme or reference to some map, such abstract or loose relationships are difficult (but not impossible) to interpret.

If these themes are intentional then there ought to be some type of ‘keystone’ which brings them together which we yet to identify, or such commonality was inadvertently removed or obscured, as part of some hypothetical retcon?
Last edited: Jul 10, 2024
Reactions:
Naaman Aram, Darrack and simulacrae