Rochester
Jul 7, 2024
#34,475
Obviously the absence of such a mechanism must advocate that any references to mountains aren’t ‘literal’ but some esoteric naming of systems.

I think that it links back to Legacy and Hammers talk of Beaumont.

I suspect there to be some system/s or bodies under Achenar which has some correlation to a particular mountain/s. And it is this which is a being used to denote a passage to the Otherworld

The Underworlds in game (because they are many) also converge upon the Lost Realms and Celtic Otherworlds, below these are more systems linked to the land of apples, and Michel and the Eastern Gate! They exist between two mountain ranges!

It is pretty vague, and on initial observation would advocate something ought to be located in the Lost Realms, but if not then we need direction or instruction as to what this means.

For instance there is a series of bodies named either after Hindu or Celtic mountains. They sit either side of each other, like a valley, and these realms sit in between them, one end of each range could be said to reach the Empyrean and end in the Underworld!

Now in the Epic of Gilgamesh (relevant being a link to Holdstocks Ragthorn and many systems in game) he has to travel to and through a particular mountain (not in game), its original name meant ‘Twin Peaks’ who’s tops touched the heavens and whose roots the underworld…

It’s a striking similarity, but there is nothing in game to confirm such an abstract concept actually exists, other than our own perception, so if true why go to all that trouble. Unless it’s nonsense or something existed in game to describe it..

Abstractly - thinking totally out of the box. One could follow either range ‘up’ to the Empyrean, because they do end in that area where you are currently looking. For that assumption to work it needs direction or instruction.

For this to be real we need some descriptive context in game as it’s far too wide to formulate upon the evidence given in game, I am doing so based on backcasting. So if the lost Realms concept is true and correlates to the codex, something ought to give us directions… is that the DW?

I’m veering on the side we have two potential locations which may be interlinked. But this is very close to academic bias and projection. Fetch more foil.

Source: https://youtu.be/JqeJ-lKQKIw?si=j3G8hCFg_-WihfnO

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10269893

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10210796

“The Hallstatt settlement is on the shore of a vast lake, looking towards the imposing rise of a mountain. On the slopes of that mountain, presided over by priests and priestesses, the noble dead were buried. They were rowed across the lake, with their weapons and their riches, and interred in "caves", from whence they journeyed to the fabulous realm”. Lost Realms by R Holdstock.
Last edited: Jul 7, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae