CMDRGURU951
Jun 30, 2021
#23,870
yelboc said:
Whats the first track, on the outer rim?
Ya know, it's funny you ask. First track is "Obscured By Clouds", but track 4 is, "The Gold It's In The..."

"All I want to tell you, all I want to say
Is count me in on the journey.
Don't expect me to stay."

A proper place to pan for gold is in a what? A river or stream, of course we could include a cave.
And then we have track 8, "Mudmen" (Like the Mudlarks in Achenar?),
Childhoods End (A common motif of initiations, like the ones the DW are giving), and well who knows what else might be buried in there.

Always found it interesting that the mudlarks are in Achenar, and Achenar is the last star of the Eridanus constellation, a river running through ancient Greek Hades.
River, Gold, Mud....Mudmen. The river leads to Achernar, home of the Empire. Follow that further to the Emperial Palace in Cemiess and we find the planets Emerald and Jade. Coincidence? Even has a tourist beacon about Raul Santorini in Cemiess, the same Raul Santorini the tourist beacon in Tau Ceti speaks of.

"Raul "Proxmire" Santorini was the Federal Congressman and Governor of Tau Ceti from 3022 to 3098. Nicknamed "Proxmire" after an obscure historical reference, he was one of the few local Federal politicians who managed to achieve international fame and influence." (Like Pink Floyd?)

"Notably, he was singlehandedly responsible for stymying the Federation's plans to terraform and colonise the Cemiess system in 3031 and 3055, resulting in the Empire moving to colonise the system in 3080 practically unopposed."
Raul Santorini Wiki

Interestingly, Rafe, as in Alex Ryders mentor Rafe Zetter, and Raul, both mean the same thing, "Counsel of the Wolf and Wise Wolf". If we translate Rafe in Norse, and Raul in Latin.

"The mudlarks were a sentient species indigenous to Achenar 6d, which is known today as Capitol, the Heart of the Empire. Tragically, the mudlarks were driven to extinction in the early 24th century by bacteria carried by human colonists, though rumors persist that Emperor Henson Duval had deliberately wiped out the mudlarks to make way for his colonial development plans. The extinction of the mudlarks became the pretext for the Federation's failed attempt to capture Achenar.[1]"
Mudlark fandom

Might also be worth mentioning that this constellation is also home to the WorldCraft HQ in Epsilon Eridani.

Another track is "A Saucerful of Secrets", I can easily read that as a flying saucer (basically what we are).
"Wot's Uh The Deal", also a fitting title for this quest. I mean really, what is the deal?

"Waiting on the first step
Show me where the key is kept
Point me down the right line because it's time"
.....
"Got to make it to the next meal
Try to keep up with the turning of the wheel"

"Set The Controls For The Heart Of The Sun", You mean like The Heart Of The Empire, Capitol?
Coincidence?
Last edited: Jun 30, 2021
Reactions:
simulacrae, Aurora Velius, Exekrator and 1 other person