Louis Calvert
Jan 6, 2024
#32,884
Edelgard von Rhein said:
This is very interesting news, that the landscape signal is more extended than the snippets that have been focused on, and it has triggered a revelation for me.

My main difficulty in how to use this signal had been that, even if in a 'correct' system I had not known where to point my ship to receive the audio of another part of the 'map'. From reading your post, I think this is now solved. If I am right, then it would only be necessary to check the landscape signal in these locations and that a new part of the map would appear alongside the central part that you have described originating from near Sgr A*.

Following on from this I now need to check certain locations that stand out, visiting them and listening for 10 mins whilst also recording them for later analysis in Audacity. I intend to begin with the locations below (have to look up two of them) to get started. Note that, in this context, it now seems interesting that the Brookes Galactic Tour has 5 systems! Also, I shall visit the Tour systems in sequence and return to Artemis and re-check that immediately after visiting the final system, since the Tourist Beacon there redirects you back to the beginning.
Artemis
Beta Sculptoris
Synuefe CI-J b42-3
Taygeta
PMD2009 48
Tau Ceti
Tionisla
Shamash
Nefertem
Siren (added after reading Rochester's recent post, should have thought of it anyway given the name)
Axis Mundi
Purisaz
Shinrarta Dezhra
The system where Halsey was found in her escape pod
The system from which Gan Romero left in a stolen DBX
Click to expand...
Awesome That was basically my thinking too!

To compare notes, this was my shortlist:
Formidine Rift Alpha site (the crewmember that heard Sirens)
The system where Halsey was found
The system where Gan Romero left from.
Check the old abandoned settlement logs? -- I've since confirmed that LS can't be herd from a planet surface, so maybe not?
Maybe the Gen ship where the prisoner heard voices from the void?
Melville? Obsessed with Guardians, claimed to have secret knowledge.
Rochester's Lost Realms?
Soontil?!
Galnet stories? Look for obsession/random exploration missions.
Strange colonies set up in strange locations (Sothis? New Yembo?)
Offical Novels? Brookes' Legacy is likely to have a clue, if any of them.
- Colonia, Jaques misjump, mentions singing. Have just been there, no apparent change to LS
Shinrarta where PF settled?
Consider enemies too, people wanting us to not find Raxxla might be waiting in a known 'siren' system?
Drew thinks Tionsila was important (specifically the Graveyard, which in TDW was described as a galaxy spiral, check that quote).
Achenar, maybe Duval went there because she heard the call, not just to start a new society?
The early Sol colonies (someone probably heard the call during this period of early expansion, originating the DW and Raxxla myth). Tau Ceti, Beta Hydri, Altair..etc.
System descriptions suggesting something secret/mystical/religious
Last edited: Jan 6, 2024
Reactions:
selbie, Rochester and Edelgard von Rhein