Emperor
Jan 6, 2024
#32,888
Edelgard von Rhein said:
This is very interesting news, that the landscape signal is more extended than the snippets that have been focused on, and it has triggered a revelation for me.

My main difficulty in how to use this signal had been that, even if in a 'correct' system I had not known where to point my ship to receive the audio of another part of the 'map'. From reading your post, I think this is now solved. If I am right, then it would only be necessary to check the landscape signal in these locations and that a new part of the map would appear alongside the central part that you have described originating from near Sgr A*.

Following on from this I now need to check certain locations that stand out, visiting them and listening for 10 mins whilst also recording them for later analysis in Audacity. I intend to begin with the locations below (have to look up two of them) to get started. Note that, in this context, it now seems interesting that the Brookes Galactic Tour has 5 systems! Also, I shall visit the Tour systems in sequence and return to Artemis and re-check that immediately after visiting the final system, since the Tourist Beacon there redirects you back to the beginning.
Artemis
Beta Sculptoris
Synuefe CI-J b42-3
Taygeta
PMD2009 48
Tau Ceti
Tionisla
Shamash
Nefertem
Siren (added after reading Rochester's recent post, should have thought of it anyway given the name)
Axis Mundi
Purisaz
Shinrarta Dezhra
The system where Halsey was found in her escape pod
The system from which Gan Romero left in a stolen DBX
Click to expand...

With this investigation I was reminded of a Frameshift Live video which discussed sounds.... Also hinted at upping their "easter egg" game to do with sounds... took me a while to find it but I remembered it was around the time of the stargoid first appearing....

However when it was aired originally I noticed how edgy the sound dev guys looked when Bruce says use the FSS more (I may have read more in to it at the time but it did stick with me!) ... Looking at their reactions I felt parts of it were smiley and jokey and then almost "where's he going with this" serious faces then back to smiley/jokey... from that point out I listened more whilst in the FSS and pointed it around more in the empty parts space ;-)

Source: https://youtu.be/5jYWLKs4O7w?t=4619


I would recommend listening to the whole section with the cool sound devs, interesting things discussed like the sounds of planets originating from real audio recordings from space, the work they do and how they go about it... but it is quite long...

So I would recommend listening to everything in the systems and point the FSS in all directions and not just as the source of the landscape signal ;-)

Just a thought....
Last edited: Jan 6, 2024
Reactions:
Rochester and selbie