Planewalker
Sunday at 11:38 AM
#35,705
Ozric said:
I can only really offer the same advice as I gave Nezzie.

You need to fly around until the sphere of influence changes from the closest station to say 'Pareco Comet 2'. I would suggest making sure you have one of the stations targeted as that will slow your Supercruise acceleration a bit.

Unfortunately the Comet's sphere of influence is only 50Km wide, which means you can pass it in the blink of an eye, which then makes dropping out within it even harder.

It might be worth recording your play and fly around a bit to see if you can then review the footage slower. If you manage to notice the SoI change then you can see how far away you are from a station, and that might help you notice it in real time and plan when to drop out.

I did ask Alot if he could remember any more and he said:
"I think I basically just pootled around at minimum SC speed right at the edge of the Asire Dock sphere of influence, then when I saw comet just went beyond the 1Mm range and dropped quick as I could"

As he remarks in the thread he only really saw what it was by recording and watching it back.
Click to expand...
Apologies for being late to the party. Is the above a verbatim confirmation that comets are in the game?
i am asking for posterity btw.



CMDR Davanix said:
That nebula is the LMC the one of 3 closest galaxys to the Milky way and somewhat in the same gravitational pull/or part or our local galaxy group it is featured a ton since release and some suspect this is where the Raxxla gate/[portal is linked to, if you move around the galaxy map towards it you will notice how close it is and even see it is not just a static image like the other galaxys show...a place that is not a place...yet also chimes in with Brabens...its in the Galaxy map...a bit to obvious

Large Magellanic Cloud - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org
Click to expand...
Both the Magellanic clouds are front and center on the elite launcher and i don't think it is a coincidence.
(Barnard's Loop used to be front and center ingame until a certain event took place)



Jorki Rasalas said:
Edit
Both DB and MB said Raxxla was in game from the outset (well. Gamma). MB later added (see my FD quotes thread):
It is something in-game (not text) and very hard to find
It is not a random thing
Anyone can find it, and more than once.
That quote refers to the Voyager probes, not raxxla. (hence the "more than once" part)



_
Last edited: Sunday at 11:45 AM
Reactions:
CMDR Davanix