Ton618 666
Mar 18, 2021
#22,123
nicedevill said:
Dark Wheel station could be the key to finding Raxxla


The way I see it

Raxxla is confirmed to be in the game
We are having trouble to find Raxxla directly because Dark Wheel finally found it and hid it from everyone 'not worthy' (speculation)
So, finding Dark Wheel station may be the first and most important step in fulfilling necessary attunement to enter/use Raxxla (whatever that turns out to be).









I've been using a of all 8th moons that are orbiting gas giants (up to 500 Ly from Sol, but Delphi may be better choice) which was compiled by by pulling large amounts of data from and filtered to show only said bodies (8th moons). There are that satisfy this criteria, but after I started to check them out and compare them to Codex image I've noticed that:

a) moons are too far away from the star

or

b) star is just too small to match the Codex image perfectly

Naturally, I started to think how to narrow the search pattern even further and decided to check moons only orbiting first gas giant in the system. There was one moon at 684 Ls distance from main star (closest I could find so far), but the moon was still too distant and nothing like Codex image.
Next, I filtered map with only M and T-type stars for which I believe are only types that match the Codex image. And finally, I decided to skip populated systems simply because there is no way such secretive faction would risk being detected due to random traffic.

I approached every moon that matched my criteria with my ship and went full circle around it looking carefully for very faint station light, but inside 200 Ly area I found nothing so far. I will keep looking, but that definitely needs more refinement so I contacted author to see if he can help any further.

Finally, to sum it up, these are my guidelines for finding the right 8th moon of a gas giant with Dark Wheel station in its orbit:


It is just theorycraft so feel free to correct me or make a suggestion.

o7
Click to expand...
Great analysis actually, i came up with similar but how did you go with these leads? Im just starting to follow the journey to find the dark wheel and raxxla but your notations make a great help! Thanks
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420