SergMx
Mar 18, 2021
#22,122
Ton618 666 said:
I noticed the void and some regions around there lack heat signatures and poi discoveries,
Elite:Dangerous Astrometrics Interactive Map
edastro.com
You can see a big difference in explored areas, there is also allot of circular areas that are actually locked systems, what has got me curious is the bottom of the sanguinious region and keplers crest, that split in between, maybe thats the omphalos rift? I plan on visiting it soon, thank god i have a carrier! But there is also established permanent dssa carriers established all over the galaxy, the map has a filter for it, that makes exploring very simple! As for the dyson sphere theory i think its in no way a clue, why? Because its not telling you where raxxla is, you won't know what it looks like to similarly quote ed, you will find it and be stunned yes but its not a clue to its location, if you seen a dyson sphere in elite you would loose your mind! Also no one seems to talk about the darkwheel logo? I think the raxlaa logo is hope,wanting a clue, to me its a coriolis infront of a star, but what would i know? I haven't seen raxxla. We need to pull away from the whole dyson thing and stick with the word facts, but the image could mean its behind a sun, light being cast around the object, the question is are the light rays dark or light? Negative or positive format? Which would indicate its obscured from the light source with something between it and the sun or its hidden behind a sun and that sun is projecting rays around the object, its tough to understand.
Click to expand...
If you look at the code by sector (tabs galaxy-regions), at least I do. The Guardians and Targoids are mostly from the center and down.
And the Guardians have a lot of sectors and there is even one near the center and it is in the gap for some reason (Impyrean Stairs).
One sector where there are both Guardians and Targoids (Inner Orion Spur).
and 1 sector below with only Targoids (Sanguineous Rim).
I.e. Targoids only have 2 sectors...
Last edited: Mar 18, 2021
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420