Rochester
Mar 16, 2024
#33,576
Jorki Rasalas said:
Mmm, I think this interpretation is sketchy. Why is the circle on the right a WW whereas the middle is a blue GG and the leftmost area of blue is ignored or it's Hell? Why are those moons terraformable? Why earth-like? This interpretation to me seems inconsistent to the point of wild conjecture and pareidolia. What do the short straight "paths" mean? They are above and below two of the circles and also one connecting "path", and are too short to be proper garden paths , they start and end nowhere so cannot be walked properly so ought to carry some meaning but this interpretation ignores them...I don't have a thought on their meaning as yet but I can't see how they can be arbitrarily ignored.

This pattern is supposed to represent a garden layout with pools of water, so IMHO the colour blue is likely meaningless. If I were interpreting this garden pattern as a map I would say it represents:
A star, two asteroid belts, and a small planet (though it might instead represent a small star in a binary orbit). Then a single-ringed GG with three moons in a binary orbit with a large planet, then a double-ringed GG and a smaller planet on the outer rim.

But the interpretation depends on the level of abstraction you assume this represents. It could instead represent a system with a star, two asteroid belts (or none, could just be paths) , perhaps the hollow ring overlying the "star" is a ringed station? Or maybe it indicates the star is type "O"? Then four rocky planets with asteroid belt between third and fourth, then a double ringed GG and finally a planet which is Raxxla ("outer rim").

Or maybe .................
Click to expand...

Exactly.

I only brought up the garden interpretation myself because it holds so much opportunity for interpretation. At best it’s only relevance to myself is that the right hand circle ’might’ represent a Miltonian model - it might not, but Im open to entertain the idea, in the absence of any other data.

Let us not get too seduced into believing it’s ture, and accept it for what it is - projected pareidolia.

I like to entertain such tin-foil concepts from time to time, especially when there is an intelligence gap, or where the course of an investigation runs a little dry; and I enjoy abstract ways of thinking, it’s very much like critical analysis, where various theories and wild connections are highlighted and either entertained - because they enlighten our perception of the world and broaden our horizons, reducing our bias, or they generate lateral jumps - which if entertained as potentially correct might correlate to other abstract concepts.

Such a process is a valid scientific principle - however can only ever be utilised when those undertaking it are self-aware that it only ever is an exercise and separate from the actual investigation.

But - the observer must alway accept that such thoughts are inherently biased. Otherwise they threaten to dilute their reasoning and reduce the reliability of what information they have.

So I am not so much concerned about if the garden interpretation is accurate, more so what questions does such an oddity raise, and does this help us in our quest.

For me the primary question that’s been raised above all else was - when were these made?

If these were introduced significantly later than the Codex then their reliability as information drops significantly.

If they occurred prior to the codex likewise their reliability drops as well.

However if they occurred within months of the codex then their reliability increases significantly.

If that were true then I would like to entertain the question of are they actually relevant? If we equally establish the information has very low reliability we can discard it.

At most they might be based solely upon the similarity of the first circle to the Miltonian model, but there are several other designs which are more abstract, so its overall reliability is still zero.

It at best is a curiosity. I don’t propose it’s an actual map - it ‘could be’ and in the absence of ANY information it alone is totally irrelevant. But in relation to my cosmological model theory, it ‘might’ be. But - only in the absence of any other data, it still is only a curiously and I am using it much like a broken flash-light in a dark room, it might not work properly but at least I might not kill myself falling down the stairs.
Last edited: Mar 16, 2024
Reactions:
SpaceGoblin and Jorki Rasalas