Rochester
Mar 16, 2024
#33,580
The Miltonian model assumption has been in percolation since the PF/DW missions, due to the potential references ‘obfuscated upon the outer rim, and song of the spheres’.

Many of us investigated this, many of us drew upon this assumption, but without additional context at that time it could not be resolved.

Then FD removed those missions. Likely I presume because they were bugged or conflicted with another update.

Then some months later FD inserted the Codex. Likely I presume as a retro-fix to resolve the above problem.

Then within that text we have ‘to the jewel that burns upon the brow’ - another potential reference to the Miltonian pendant globe, but still no real resolution.

I believe much of this has been because the overarching concepts hadn’t really been made abundantly clear to us, in part I believe because of the significant break in that narrative, but also given its potential scale, difficult to perceive with the limited information provided, and I believe there might also have been a significant level of clandestine obfuscation that FD weren’t even privy to…

It’s potentially apparent there was some correlation here, but it was still too vague in my opinion.

But irrelevant to such assumptions these allegories still, I believe, are evidence that the Miltonian references to a pendant globe, have always been there.

My own investigations drew parallels with Holdstocks Lost Realms, and his concept of these lost realms as examples of Eden. I then began seeing various divergent but ultimately coherent elements which together built a cosmological construct, with an upper and lower realms, which significantly parallels this construct.

Then sadly, only recently FD used a direct quote in respect for the Brookes Tours, reintroducing the direct pictorial representation of Milton’s pendant globe into the mix, the additional inherent locational information, of the first leg of this tour likewise mirroring; or at least, presumably, drawing a parallel to those Lost Realms orientation, but likewise this odd East / West alignment.

I think that’s enough to establish the existence of this concept.

The ‘garden’ concept is only relatively young and I only drew the correlation after I’d been researching imagery linked historically to Paradise Lost and contextually researching the text ever so more precisely, finding abstract replication in game for the zones of hell, chaos of the Empyrean.

Only then did I re-evaluate this garden picture and see how the similarities were so uncanny. But this was after the fact / not visa versa.

I believe my spacial investigations were first to establish the existence of this Miltonian model. This ‘garden map’ might still be only make-believe, or wistful thinking, we happy few willing our beliefs to become manifest….

It would be astonishing if it were true. Equally amusing if not. But the hypothesis I feel of the pendant globe in game, is irrespective of this amusing garden narrative, still - in my humble opinion, a very real and likely possibility.

Again, the integral question being, when were these introduced. If that can draw confidence to this, we have a margin of interpretation, which at best may assist in reducing what it ‘isn’t’.
Last edited: Mar 17, 2024
Reactions:
Shadowsnog and SpaceGoblin