Rochester
Mar 15, 2024
#33,568
There are lots of visual posts circa Oct 2015 concerning palm tree stations. But the gardens were covered, and looked in my opinion rather basic.

It’s possible these more intricate versions originally existed in a more basic/abstract fashion, it’s possible if they were a intentional clue, they might have been seen as too esoteric and difficult to observe, so they uncovered them?

This might relate to various references made by sources hinting at things being in plain sight, or under our noses.

But I don’t believe there is enough information to confirm this.

It is very much a weak association, if true it would make perfect sense, but I only made the association because the initial arrangement looks like the Miltonian model after the fact, not visa-versa. Up until @CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian posted their theory I had never even given these stations the time of day.

The term fernweh is an unusual word to utilise within the Codex, but it’s equally a very accurate use of the phrase.

If we over analyse its origins we either fall into references to either some 17th century fop, or German travel agencies (some of which had a mountain as a logo).

The reference to landscape gardening via Prince Hermann Ludwig Heinrich von Pückler-Muskau I find very amusing. But ultimately incredibly vague. Likewise the reference to concepts of Germanic naturalism, is far weaker and falls too closely into contextual conceits of early nationalism; so with no other link Prince Hermann Ludwig Heinrich von Pückler-Muskau seems to be the more attractive route.

Still it’s a very vague reference, unless FD seeded alternative references elsewhere, such as Galnet etc. certainly the logical association was the older DW missions reference to the ‘outer rim’ which I speculate was a direct reference to Paradise Lost.

It’s possible these gardens are a lost clue we’ve uncovered historically or it’s just pattern bias. I’m siding with bias but that image is startling accurate.
Last edited: Mar 15, 2024
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas