Rochester
Mar 14, 2024
#33,563
Jorki Rasalas said:
How does this match the other information we have - the Logo and The Toast?
Well the only aspects of the Codex I believe that match are the following:

ArtTornqvist/TauCeti/Cora/Omphalos/Atlantis/Cities of Gold/Prestor John/fernweh.

Much of this I believe is directional clues, to follow the path of Gilgamesh/Satan (a fallen anti hero) and or Demeter/Persephone to the Underworld aka Otherworld; fernweh I suspect was an amusing reference to look at garden architecture in game and a map hidden in plain sight.

Concerning the toast: to the jewel/brow/mother of galaxies/Siren/Vagabond.

To the jewel (Eden/Paradise/Raxxla) burning (shining brightly - reference to the pendant globe description in Paradise Lost) upon the brow (hill or high peak, the pendant globe was described in Paradise Lost as being hung from the brow of heaven, the very high sloping hills that surrounded heaven) of the mother of galaxies (chaos, the womb and grave of nature / or Tiamat of Gilgamesh referenced by Brookes in a Drabble). Eden although it hung from heaven was not part of the Empyrean, it existed in or upon the cusp of Chaos, or more likely on its outer rim.

Siren of the deepest void (literally either the system Siren or Shamash) because there is a focal point made up of Michael Brookes Drabbles which refer to systems in game, the fulcrum is the system Siren. This fulcrum aligns with the Norse Norns and Greek Fates along a line of sight that intersects the boundaries of the zone of Chaos, close to its northern axis. Very close to Shamash.

Vagabonds heart - Either Gilgamesh and the quest for the ‘thorny branch’ aka Art Tornqvist or to the Cedar Forest (Eden); or Satans journey towards the pendant globe and to Eden.

Everything else is an extrapolation of spacial location mapping, literary contextualisation and analytical backcasting. I suspect there is a missing context to Princess Astrophel which ought to draw our attention to some type of ‘upward’ direction. I feel the injection of the Brookes Tours, its heavy references towards Artemis and John Milton, was a heavy clue from FD to look upwards, along a certain axis which denotes the East / West alignment.

I think many other aspects of the toast could be identified if one chooses to accept that general area Ive proposed to be true, but certainly more insight is required.

In many respects I feel certain aspects of the toast reflect different theologies and mythologies, including references to Robert Holdstock and the Epic of Gilgamesh.

I believe much of the Codex is poetic allegory. And it’s intentionally perplexing because I believe it was written after the fact, to describe something already built, constructed from various elements and spanning a huge area.

The remaining elements I feel could likewise be linked if one wanted to, at present it’s open to interpretation. But I feel the locational information and literary context form a strong conclusion this is the correct area.

Regards the logo, I cannot say for certain.

At most I believe this is an abstract representation of the cosmological model, but seen from above (?), certainly the inner circle represents Raxxla as an omphalos, the three arches I feel represent some tri-party deity. The dashed lines hexagon denotes something hidden or obfuscated.

Note that in Paradise Lost Eden was inside a Crystalline Sphere, which existed in chaos.

Some or all aspects of this model could with a high level of scepticism - be depicted in the station garden shown below, its total tin-foil at present but could it be a coy reference to the landscape artist Prince Hermann Ludwig Heinrich von Pückler-Muskau, inventor of the word fernweh?

I suspect that it’s not but - if true, this image could be a direct and brazen system map, which shows not only the cosmological model, but also what the system physically looks like. At most I present this as a tin-foil conjecture but all other assumptions above I feel are more concrete.

*edited: the gardens were in game prior to the codex, so this raises the hypothesis from tin-foil to a valid ‘maybe’.

Last edited: Mar 17, 2024
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas