Han_Zen
Jan 14, 2020
#14,665
RaNaketh said:
I'm sure what I'm discussing below in relation to the diagram has probably already been covered, so apologies in advance if it has!
(please drop a link to any previous posts about it if you have one.)

I dredged up my screenshot of a Thargoid Sensor and checke the Wiki, and comparing with the line drawing circled in yellow below it certainly appears to match right down to the number of >. Therefore I assume therefore the flower-like objects are actually Thargoid Interceptors, since they also appear to match.

This leads me to an interpretation of the visual below, which to me appears to be the top cross-hatched section might represent 'normal hyperspace' which you could be interdicted by an interceptor from (and personally have been), but if you're using the 'correct' Thargoid object and perhaps a gateway (Raxxla?) you can enter and exit safely to the alternate location(s).

So, have the other two objects that I haven't been circled below been clarified yet or are they perhaps Thargoid stuff we haven't yet seen/discovered, and are they covered in a distortion field because they're partially in the other dimension all the time?

=

Fly Dangerously,
/ Ra.
Click to expand...
There are three Thargoid objects.

On the left: Thargoid sensor(aka UA). Points to Merope(main star when in system). The left system matches Meropes layout.
On the right: Thargoid probe(aka UP). Points to Merope(5C when in system). It also gives distanse data in fractions that makes it possible to pinpoint the system on the right, Col 70 Sector FY-N C21-3.
In the middle: Thargoid link. Found in the Thargoid structures and gives distance to all three systems in the map. Merope, Col 70 Sector FY-N C21-3 and next target system(top system) with a structure.
The bottom system is where you are.

You ned to collect a sensor and probe to access the structure and activate the thargoid machine. Canonn have a calculator that gives you target system from an inbox message the link gives you.
When in the right system you drop the Link close to a suspect planet(close to ammonia world or ammonia giant ). The link will point to the structure, with a lase beam.

It's quite cool stuff. Better instructions and tools can be found on https://canonn.science/codex/xeno-technology/
Reactions:
RaNaketh, [PS4] Filthymick420, Vetinari and 1 other person