Jorki Rasalas
Jan 14, 2020
#14,667
Darth Ender said:
there is only the minor faction and the handful of missions they give out. Then there are the elite dangerous novels..which reference them at times ...these were supposed to be Canon (all previous books are not). But Fdev likes to retcon things without telling anyone at any time for any reason so who knows anymore.

there is also the "club" ...which is sometimes mentioned in the same breadth by people as the dark wheel.. but these are almost certainly separate (though some members may be part of both) groups. "The Club" being a group of influential families or cloned people who pull the strings of humanity from across the bubble to orchestrate their agenda. That agenda being the saving of the human race from extinction from alien threats.

The dark wheel is a secret organization of treasure seekers with deep pockets and likely members in high places (hence their connection to the club). When talking about the game's near recent events, we're dealing with the Club. The Dark wheel has been basically a non-entity since the game began unless you count the books ...but do that at your own peril.
Click to expand...

If I remember correctly The Club was (according to Drew Wagar) an invention of DB, and Rebecca was a member of The Club before leaving to join the Dark Wheel and recruiting Salomé to uncover and expose The Club’s Dynasty Project and Exodus plans. This was the focus of the two books Reclamation and Premonition, with plot revelation LP messages in Teorge at the finale of the Salomé in-game event during which she was killed by HP. We don’t know definitively if anyone else has been a member of both organisations.

Clearly TDW is something in-game, there’s a codex entry all to themselves with (presumably) a picture of their stealthed station. I suspect that was also the station depicted in the old Horizons start screen. We just don’t have a clue (pun intended) where it is.

@MadMark: All known facts and sources are recorded on OP of this thread.
The fact that there are 6 locked systems close to Sol suggests some gameplay is currently hidden from us, and I’m hypothesising its TDW/Raxxla-related, but that doesn’t mean there is no way to obtain those permits. Again, we just currently have no clue!
Last edited: Jan 14, 2020
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420