CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 22, 2024
#33,076
Louis Calvert said:
Could you supply a little more info on your interpretations to help make sense of these:
I'm struggling to see the "Guardian towers" as opposed to just a tower or monument.
I'm also unsure how to correctly see the "map of guardian region" with capital and nebulas? Could you maybe show some comparison maps to help out?
I'm not quite seeing "three civilisations linked" as opposed to "an entry hall to a main building, paths to a greenspace plaza and a monument plaza, and another side building or hall."
I'm not really seeing "omphalos rift with starship beam" I'm seeing "a path through greenspace to a monument showing male and female human representations around a monument"
I want to believe!
First point: Basis here is comparison between these on the tourism stations as compared both ancient and newer towers at Guardian Structures (though I believe these are quite old even still). The similarities start with geometric shapes which are sharp and angular. Next, we have the materials utilized: stone and metal. Stone and metal are building materials that are extremely durable and resistant to corrosion (especially alloys). Ram Tah claims we don't know the alloys they used. I am willing to say that statement is likely intentional misdirection. There's na alloy in the lore that has been canon since the first game: duralium (and has made consistent reappearances in the books). It is lightly bluish to dark blue-green and extremely strong. It goes by several other names including duralumin. It is used for shipping, airplanes, and spacecraft. The monuments in the tourism stations have the correct coloration to be this alloy (color is based on the mix of ores).

NOTE: Alien World: A Complete Illustrated Guide the preferred materials for producing the Talmor Lens (potentially another name for Raxxla) was stone and metal. In societies visited by the Oisir-Raxxlans stone megaliths and pyramids often were built following the interactions.

Duralumin - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

Aluminium–copper alloys - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

Second Point:
Region used by both Ram Tah missions (sorry this is huge area so you are best off consulting Canonn's map tool). The capital is either somewhere at the region furthest from The Bubble (approximately Cetus or possibly further out even). I believe the pool in the station is representative of location of the both the Ancient Sites and Guardian Structures (indicating the region depth and isn't just a flat level plane). The reason I stated in the first point that even the Guardian structures are quite old is the codex mentions shielded, domed cities which would obviously be much newer. We found these already: places like Vian Landing in Etain, Jeury Terminal at Major in Van Maanan's Star, and Ehrlich City on Mercury in Sol (probably the rarest of the surface ports and look like giant stadiums). They just weren't built by humans.

Third Point:
Our tech came from "Thargoids" per the Elite Pilot's Federation. Much of what we use predates our species. War has a habit of causing technological revolutions that parallel whatever is being fought (or was fought previously) - for better or worse a history of warfare linked 3 species: Humans, "Thargoids", and "Guardians". If you read Guardian Data - Technology, there are obvious parallels to Pilots' Federation core technologies. If you have ever interacted with comms arrays and similar systems, you'll be keenly aware that our comms systems mix secure and unsecured content, science and military, and trade.

Fourth point:
It's a 2-D representation of a 3-D structure just like the Raxxla logo. Think Citadel from Mass Effect and you'll have the approximate structure. Even the inside of stations is modified version of this concept. The version in the tourist station is overly simplfied with 3 planes instead of 6 from the Raxxla logo. Holdstock's cosmos borrows heavily from Larry Niven. Bascially, you have a huge ring at one or both ends then establish planes that may or may not interlock. Omphalos Rift here being the gigantic central ring with a gate between universes. A very similar structure is descibed in Tour of the Universe in which a starliner not unlike the Antares vanished on Christmas Eve of 2286. As best I can tell, this is the only true mis-jump in the lore (and it wasn't the only incident). Stargates in Holdstock's writings are large rings with a docking area arranged in several planes. I am presuming the Omphalos Rift is a very ancient structure and will look different from the more modern stations derived from the core structural shape.

More screenshots with much more details captured (note the hills to emphasize distance). Includes captures of the alien looking towers vs structures we encountered with the Guardians. There's another parallel I just remembered. Most of the books mention the chairs of the ships as some combination between a chair and a gel cushion (not unlike a bean-bag chair). The same imagery comes up in the Guardian codex and logs discussing their ships. I have included several other images like a galactic map of the permit regions for added context.
Detailed views – Google Drive
drive.google.com
Last edited: Jan 22, 2024
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and Quaero