CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 22, 2024
#33,077
In light of the fact that ideas appear to be coalescing that will hopefully help enlighten this mystery, I bring forth a philosophical point raised by the settlers of Phekda. They more than others, seem to be the inspiration for the Elite Pilots' Federation logo. The logo matches their deity, the Akkadian deity Mummu. The problem, the renounced Earth and vowed to get as far as possible from it. The considered Earth to be not worth saving.

I along with others set in motion events that cannot be stopped once started. Are we sure Raxxla isn't dangerous? My role is this has been an outsized one. This thought haunts my mind. Did I do the right thing or did I doom the very species I had vowed to protect? It cannot be undone at this point but lessons can still be learned.

A rare anarchy system that maintains a powerful industrial economy. Also known as Gamma Ursae Majoris and Phad.

The home system for The Ancients of Mumu who are adherents to the entity \"Mumu\". Their aim is to maintain the substance and nature of their society and protect their home system from incursion by any non-believers. Founded in the 12th century, while still planet bound on Mother Earth, the (then) Adherents of Mumu sought to better their environment for the benefit of others.

When first generation ships were due to leave Earth their society sought to colonise a system far from Earth as they believed that Earth itself was not worth saving. The colonists, by and large, survived the journey, arriving several hundred years ago. A significant proportion of the first settlers had developed a sincere hatred of space travel by the time they made first landing.

Since their arrival they have grown particularly attached to their home and have transformed into a community that is fiercely protective of its chosen system and resistant to any attempts at visitation by those who have not been granted access.
Click to expand...

At this point, I'd settle for cosmic enlightenment.

Mummu - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

Reactions:
Quaero