Rochester
Jan 21, 2024
#33,065
It’s open to interpretation but personally I believe it represents a real Miltonian Cosmological model and it’s represented in game!

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10281101

The pivotal aspect of this design I believe is the utilisation of a North/South alignment, normal galactic north doesn’t seem to apply certain identified systems but when we apply the Greek wind compass (in game), our axis of perception shifts, and it begins to correlate.

Firstly close to the northern point are various systems named after deities that represent northern aspects or ‘upper gods’, such as Boreas. Likewise at the southern point you’ll start to see a plethora of systems all named after deities of the underworld.

In between these two upper and lower areas, as within John Milton’s model, is the zone of Chaos; this actually forms a bubble around Sol, I identified this via a quote from Paradise Lost, signifying the lowest aspect of Chaos, and that it’s circumstance is outlined by systems named after ’Storm/Thunder’ gods.

In the image below I’ve shifted the axis so it aligns, and illustrated each zone boundaries.



I’ve identified in the image above that that Norse Norns, Greek Fates and the Morrigans may represent an area between the Empyrean and Chaos. This just so happens to be the location of the Shamash system.

If we are to accept the Miltonian graphic within gardens is accurate, it’s possible then that Milton’s Paradise aka our Raxxla, ought to follow suit and be located in this general area.

But there is a noticeable degree of interpretation, although the Pendant world hung from the brow of the Empyrean, it was also identified to be within its western aspect, close to where Satan first fell.

Again if we trust the Greek wind compass in game as accurate (albeit abstract due to obfuscation), we can use it to also identify West, this might allude towards the area populated by the systems Demeter and of Fall, note that area may also encompass some elements of the Morrigan‘s systems!

This hypothesis is made unusual due to the existence of the Lost Realms, being in the totally opposite direction, we have to consider what is missing that might marry these theories together.

It’s important to note that Paradise Lost is full of accurate albeit metaphorical spacial imagery and dimensions; but how much did Brookes interpret correctly or choose to include or omit?

Last edited: Jan 21, 2024
Reactions:
Quaero, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and selbie