simulacrae
Apr 18, 2021
#22,940
So following up on my Tour of the Universe ... from Earth to Altuxor/Pliax/Magellan Gate.. starting with the equivalent of Altuxor in ED....

I identified it as probably being in the Chameleon Constellation (Briefly also in what was called the Siren Constellation). So looking through the stars of Chameleon… there is one Named Star… HD 63454 (Ceibo) – named for a plant. Was hoping for a plant correlation (Tornquist / Ragthorn / Parijata )… so I looked up Ceibo….

It has a myth about a queen (from a Paraguayan Tribe) who was taken and burned but turned into this tree…. different context to the Parijat story, but some simiilarities…. So I typed in HD 63454 into My nav computer … it gave me the system Orphene (Not Ceibo or HD 63454 like you would expect)…. I thought, thats odd but hopeful... sounds Orphic!… So I go there… and guess what is right next door… Lanaest… Is this the real Soontill? (probably not - but this is pretty close to where it should have been)
Also the name of the Paraguayan Queen is Anahi... any relation to Anahita? (Ya also probably not)

Was thinking Orphene might be a misspelling of Orphne... "Darkness" A water nymph from the underworld...
Jorki pointed out that Orphne is also known as Caligo (Roman).. I ended up looking at Orphnes Son - Ascalaphus... trying to make a plant connection... Ascalaphus is the custodian of the orchards of Hades. (Persephone and the pomegranate).. Also he got turned into a bird... the Pharoh Eagle-Owl... Which as it happens is another of the non existent constellations invented during the Age of Exploration. It started out as the Solitare and went through several transformations - the final of which was the Pharoh Owl .. as the constellation Noctua . Which in the end didnt take.... at any rate ... didnt find any systems that played well with Plants or fit in with the story. (To be honest I was expecting Pliax to be in the Macula Magellenica aka the Coalsack....or the Pleiades... Pliax being awfuly similar to Plias)

Side note:
Was thinking about the original Elite names and their method of "procedural generation"
Wonder which ones were specifically selected for...

Leoned? (Holdstock and his Leo Faulcon...)
Leoned is reasonably well known for the Leonedian tree snake but scourged by unpredictable earthquakes.
Last edited: Apr 18, 2021
Reactions:
TrillClinton, Jorki Rasalas, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 5 others