CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 20, 2023
#31,803
Rochester said:
The Lost Realms of Robert Holdstock

*the following theories are not definitive and may undergo revision.

Within Robert Holdstock’s book ‘Lost Realms’ there are a number of lands referenced collectively; these also appear in the Elite Dangerous game within close correlation to each other. These realms are similarly referenced in the Raxxla codex:

‘Much like the ancient myths of Atlantis, El Dorado and the kingdom of Prester John’.

This hypothesis I have proposed previously, however that assessment was from evidence obtained independently of this Robert Holdstock book. For some time I’ve wanted to review the book to assess if there were any specific correlations.

The following then, is an analytical breakdown of the book, identifying how certain systems are grouped.





Within his introduction Holdstock draws together many of the key mythical locations mentioned throughout his book, attributing these as prime example’s of the primordial lost land , a recurring theme throughout the text.

This introduction is key because it is reflected in the Raxxla Codex as: ‘’.

Elysian Fields -RH p12 Greek, Not in game but ‘’ is - has bodies Cronos and a Kailas reference to a world-mountain).


El Dorado is mentioned in this section of RH’s book, who correctly identifies its not a place but a person. This is not a system in game, however references to the are (cover in ‘cities’).



Here Holdstock draws upon the story of King Arthur and of , and attempts to highlight its similarities with many earlier Celtic spiritual lands.

The vale of Avalon - RH p18; RH talks of a Moon goddess associated with horses p22 and a mystic earth goddess, neither he names (this might be who he mentions on p27), but then he associates Morgan La Fay as a possible link with the triad Celtic goddess ‘’, a fertility and war goddess p23.

With Excalibur - Lady of the lake RH attributes with ‘’ p25 a water goddess. RH identifies here how water is barrier between the real and these other worlds.

Morgan La Fay is mentioned again on p25 accompanying Arthur on his death barge with three hooded women or three queens, RH then calls these women ; fecundity (youth), motherhood and death, who control entry to the realm of healing P25.

RH calls Avalon an , the Delightful Plain, the Land of Promise, and the Many coloured land. Later RH states it can be traveled to only by two methods, first through an un-named island over water; second is via a magic cave in an un-named hill or burial mound, that ultimately Avalon is associated with gateways to the land of a vanished folk dating 4,000 years ago p25.

RH names Avalon as the realm of (not in game) the Lord of the dead p26, the Delightful Plain, or the Beautiful Valley p26.

RH identifies the lineage of the Celts as originating from Switzerland and talks of the sacred mountain and caves of, as being a proto-gateway to Avalon and then the Tor of Glastonbury p26 (not in game).

RH alludes that early stories of Arthur said he fought under the heraldry of the p27. RH then discusses the early Celtic gods such as the Lord of Animals, of and of , RH then hypotheses that it’s more likely Arthur fought under the banner of Epona the moon goddess and queen of horses p27.

RH then draws references to previous kings, of Peredur, Owein, Bran, and Nuadd, none in game.


Avallach / Avalooc is derived from the Welsh word "apple tree"; and Avalon was known as the land of apples, in Welsh mythology this was , there are a number of systems in this area linked with the mythology of apples, eg the Isle of Apples is a part of, or certainly an entrance to, the Celtic Otherworld also known as (in game).

Avallach is also thought to be known as the King of and the same person known as (both in game and in tight correlation to Avalon). Avallach is also thought to be the farther of the goddess Modron (not in game) a prototype of Morgan Le Fay (born of the sea (not in game).

Avalon was also called ‘The Fortunate Isles’ because it grew bountiful fruit; there’s also close by, the goddess and holder of the apples of youth (see chapter: land of youth).

The delightful plain, the multi Coloured land is generally accepted to be (in game); it is not mentioned in this chapter, but it is later on p102 as a land of youth, likewise this system is in relatively close proximity, it’s likely the Land of Youth and Avalon systems may be interconnected in game.

Brigga a water goddess, is not in game nor can I find any link historically attached to that name, however the closest associated Celtic deity is a ‘’ a triad goddess also worshipped in conjunction with Cernunnos - both are in game.

In mythology ‘The Morrigan’ was a triad of goddess consisting of ; and , all are in game, these are all in the upper celestial hemisphere.

In the system there is the planet , orbiting this is the station . In Welsh Grach is associated with hill.





Lyonesse RH p30 describes as being accessible via a on the west coast of England, and RH identifies it as the home of Tristam and Sir Galahad, who after the battle of Badin return passing St Michaels mount in Cornwall. RH identifies Lyonesse as a .

RH briefly notes Lyonesse is known as the British p31 and equally overlain is the myth of the city of p31 and notes how the link between these lands is strong, giving the term ‘the land below the waves.


There also exists a in game, it is commonly known as the Welsh Atlantis, and like the other systems above is relatively close.

The system has the planet , which in Celtic means hill/mountain.





This chapter does not draw on any of the mythological lost ‘islands’ or ‘Otherworlds’ mentioned in previous chapters; rather it focuses primarily on ‘’ islands from published contemporary stories.

It seems this chapter draws from the expectations of the age of discovery, to provide context to how such realms may have been imagined, through exploration and exaggeration; none of the fictional lands are in game.



This chapter focuses upon how continental drift and the rise and fall of oceanic water levels or cataclysms may have hidden certain lands, such as .

But like the last, much of this chapter focuses upon fictional stories, in this case that of Tolkien, and lands Lemuria p47 (not in game) and of (in game) which HR links to Atlantis p47)) and the land of Mu p51 (not in game),


Lemuria is the land of Mu and is a fiction continent which was an explanation for Atlantis.

No map built, as both Atlantis and Hyperborea appear in other correlations shown here, and there being only two points of interest it serves no purpose to build a map in this instance, but we ought to note this links the two together



RH again talks of the ‘first or fabled’ cities, such as Ophir, Uruk, Alecia p55 then Troy p56 which ultimately were RH then discusses such cities as storehouses of wealth and knowledge, mentioning aka Shangri-la or Belovodye p56 and RH calls it the land of ‘peace’ or ‘white waters’ and attributes it with being , the mythical land of the p56 or the world mountain of p57.

Interestingly in relation to the codex, and it’s peculiar overuse of the word ‘seven’ in this chapter p56 RH talks of the number seven as having importance in religious traditions, and links them to many aspects including the constellation Ursa Major and RH coins the phrase of ancient wisdom “”.

RH then talks about mountains of mythology, the of Meru, Olympus etc then back to land of the Hyperboreans p57. And identifies it as the origin point of Apollo and his sister Artemis, who had Ursa Major as her sign; and again RH notes both gods have attributes measurable in !

RH then moves back onto the subject of Eldorado p58 and the association of , of El Dorado being Spanish for ‘golden man’, linking it to the golden king of Chibcha and the lake of Gustavia p59 then another supposedly lost city Vilcabamba p62.

RH then again moved back towards fictional, then finally real re-found cities like Troy and p70.



Petra is an interesting system because it’s not actually a lost realm, it was rediscovered, it’s likely unrelated.

The actual Seven Cities of Gold are not discussed by RH outside the emphasis on El Dorado, however this phrase is associated more so to ‘’, and 4 of these locations are in game and in very close relation. El Dorado is associated with the lake Parime at
Ophir - RH p55? Is an Old Testament region linked to King Solomon and likely linked historically to any number of lands in Asia, it likely does not qualify as a lost realm.

Uruk - RH p55, is now known as Warka but is in game but only as a body in 51 Arietis.

- RH p55, is an unknown reference which I cannot identify outside RH text.

Meru is s real mountain and likely does not qualify as a lost realm, although it is in game as body in the system Wakea.

The system has the planet , the personification of the north wind.

The system has the planet which is another city of gold, and system.





RH uses this chapter to hypothesise realms lost to the oceans, such as p73 and the Celtic The Land Below the Waves p74 and the explorer Bran and the god of the waves, p74 and the glowing realm of and of p75.

RH then again moves over to fiction again and the ‘old ones’ of H P Lovecraft naming the undersea realm of and of Cthulhu p75 none of these are in game.



Tir fo Thiunn Is also known as, An tEilean Uaine, the Green Island, but like Hy Brasil neither are in game.

No map built due an absence of information.



This is one of the shortest chapters consisting of only 2 pages, and doesn’t really provide much context only in providing a rational explanation, although it does note the names of Celtic entities of the Roane and Selkie, neither are in game.

No map built due an absence of information.



Within this chapter RH again returns to use of fictional examples of and touches upon the concept of a ‘’, but it is not until p86 where RH returns to use mythical lands in his text where he looks at the concept of hell.

Gilgamesh p86 and the Land of No Return beyond the abyss of , guarded by seven walls and gates. Then the Egyptian concept of concept of an immense , which he then links to Norse myth namely the serpent of p86.

The nine loops of the river p86 is used to identify concepts of difficulty in entering the underworld and again it being protected by water or an

RH then draws upon Finnish and the land of p87, 87, and its story related to . RH draws upon the similarities of its guardian beast Surma, with that of the Greek Cerberus and the Norse and the realm of and the realm of Scathach or Annwyn alt p86 in the dark side of the Celtic underworld.

RH then contemplates the Greek underworld, identifying as a lost city, and then the p87.

RH then reflects on Celtic mythology, of p87 the shadow realm and (not in game), and finally of Norse mythology, which RH states consisted of three realms: The abyss the realm of men named ; the land of clouds and shadow to the north is named , and to the south p87.

RH then goes over a Norse creation myth at the end of this chapter, where ice from Niflheim combined in the abyss of Midgard with poisonous waters from Muspelheim created a solid hoar-frost, this melted to form the giant Ymir, who later died, whose rotten corpse made the earth and dwarves. Humans were made from two lifeless trees on the giant, called Ash (Askr) and Vine (Embla) first man and woman.

RH also names three Norse gods responsible for creating humans; Odin, Horner and Lodur p87.


RH mixture of various references to mythological underworlds in game; this either identifies this analysis method is open to ; or certain systems hold a higher/lesser relevance over others or are , the emphasis in game may be far simpler; eg that mythological systems are not necessarily interlinked to other pantheons.

RH does not name the Midgard serpent in this chapter which is in game named as .

Scathach is not an actual lost realm, but rather a mythical female warrior from the Isle of Skye, not attributable to concepts of an underworld.

RH does not go into detail in this chapter concerning the , other than name two of the classical three regions: and , a third realm also exists which RH does not name - . This may be due to the fact descriptions of the Greek underworld varied or that Asphodel is confused with ‘heaven’.

Elysium - is not in game but ‘’ is, “she from the blessed isles of Elysium”.

The following additional locations are also in game with relevant meanings and distance to the above mentioned systems but are not named by RH.

- birthplace of Dionysus, home of Hyades Nymphs and where Persephone was abducted, said to have an entrance to Hades.*

- John Miltons capitol of Hell, illustrated as off centre from the burning lake of hell (at the centre).*

Neither Odin, Lodur nor Embla are in game; but Hoenir also known as Honir and Askr - are in game.

Close by in this area is a system called , is a legendary kingdom that is said to be located on the inner surface of the Earth. It is sometimes related to the belief in a hollow Earth and is a popular subject in , I don’t recall this system being named in Lost Realms but this seem like another worthy addition.







Here RH describes Yggdrasil as, its branches reaching towards , its trunk being the and it three roots reaching down to the .

One of these realms RH names Aesir, attributed to those who killed the giant Ymir and home of the gods who formed the earth. In this realm below its first root lay the well concerning fate. The three guarded this well p90 RH but does not name these Norns.

The second root reached the land of the frost giants, beneath which was a spring of wisdom, RH does not provide names but identifies it as the location where Odin lost his eye.

The third root passes down to , kingdom of the goddess and land of the dead and another spring which RH does not name p90.

Here RH attributes a shared commonality with Greek mythology and that of the rivers , and (not in game).

RH identifies that far below Yggdrasils ‘roots’ lay the huge snake , RH also identifies an eagle in Yggdrasils branches and a squirrel which ran up and down between them, but does not name them.

RH finishes this chapter briefly with Ragnarok identifying how Lif and Lifdrasir woukd hide in Yggdrasils trunk (not in game).


Common interpretation of Yggdrasil shape and realms does vary dramatically being a modern interpretation of an unwritten verbal story.

Currently there is understood to have been at least nine realms not just three. Certain roots may have been the heavens as with the springs or wells. Apart from those names already mentioned there are actually a large number of Norse named systems linked to Yggdrasil in game and is a very large structure.

Aesir is not in game, but wider research identifies this word is used to describe the Norse pantheon, who resided in Asgard - neither are in game.

The well of Urdr is not in game under that description, in Norse mythology it’s name may have been interchangeable and know simply as ‘Uror’s well’.

The three Norns were deities of fate and may have been known commonly as: Urd or Uror (Wyrd), Verdandi, and Skuld (Skulu). They attended the well of Urðarbrunnr or Uror’s well / Urd’s well.
The eagle and squirrel RH mentions are in Norse mythology. The eagle has no name, except for a bird perched on its head called Veðrfölnir, Vedrfolnir, Vedurfolnir or Vetrfolnir, none of these are in game.

The squirrel is in game and called . Four stags may have also fed on Yggdrasils leaves, Dainn, Dvailnn, Duneyrr and Durathir, none are in game.

Odin king of the gods was also called Hrafnaguð or Raven god, he had two crows, Hugin and Munin which brought him information, none are in game.





This chapter like previous before, does not establish any lost realms but primarily focuses upon Victorian fiction.


Within the lost realms area in game there exists various systems linked to Celtic mythology, especially Irish mythology which was the inspiration for Victorian Faerie fiction.

These have not been mapped at present.



This chapter like previous does not establish any lists realms but focuses upon contemporary fiction.

Not mapped, due to absence of information.



In this passage Holdstock describes the lands of youth and pleasure, naming it also as the ‘’, the Land of apples (Avalon), the Land under the waves, the Delightful plains, Field of happiness, the Many coloured land, Land of promise and Land of women.

Later in the text Holdstock draws on how realms may interconnect via paths underwater, via mountains or underground bridges/portals.


Other names attributed to these lands which can be found in game (but not Holdstocks books) include:

- alternate Irish name, or a plain of honey that is attributed to link to Tir Na Nog.
- Welsh The Otherworld, linked to Arthurian Christian paradise!
- Welsh ruler of Annwn.
- God of Annwn.
- Norse goddess holder of the apples of eternal youth.






The rest of the book and final chapter again falls into fiction, no additional mythological lost realms are covers.



The various lost realms, individually and as a whole, all fall within a tight correlation advocating the assessment they are hand placed.

An assortment of other Lost Realms, not prescribed in RH book, also exist in game, within this same correlation.

Certain areas identified in this analysis may in my opinion be conflated, eg the , by this method of analysis; I feel is actually relatively simpler, focused I suspect only on the Greek underworld; the same is for , which is evidently far more expensive in game.

Thread 'The John Milton conundrum'


When all are layered over each other a focal point is logically evident.






The Lost Realms focal point also intersects another in game grouping; such as the hypothetical ‘mountain’ systems.

These are systems and or bodies which seemingly have consistent naming after mountains; one side linked to concepts of a ‘world mountain’ the other to Celtic and Old English Mountains.



This sector also aligns with the sphere of influence set by 2296, and the path of Persephone.

The first stage of M Brookes memorial also intersects this area, specifically containing a series of

This area also abuts the Yggdrasil systems, especially those systems linked to the Norse concept of the ‘edge’ of the world and of water.





The placement of systems in game having a relationship to concepts outlined in Robert Holdstocks book Lost Realms, I identify as (55 -75%) to be intentional, this can be identified due to the relative close proximity to other systems sharing similar relationships and being grouped tightly into a common focal point.

The placement of systems in game relating to the description in the ED Codex, I identify is (55 -75%) to be intentional, this can be identified due to their replication and their placement within a focal point. Namely the segment relating to Atlantis, El Dorado and Prester John.



The hypothesis concerning ‘’ based upon positions in game in relation to the and systems can be ascertained to Robert Holdstocks prevailing theme from his book Lost Realms, and Ragthorn, which is that mountains or hills attributed to Saxon / Celtic burial mounds known as or act as the boundaries or doorways to the which likewise ascribed in myth to be a fulcrum of a or thorny trees or Ash as a world tree which sits upon an axis mundi.

Concerning the Codex the introduction when married with the recent Brookes Tours quote, can be ascribed to John Miltons description of Paradise/Eden.

In Robert Holdstocks book Lost Realms, is likewise catalogued as a lost realm, the replication of these realms within a focal point I believe acts as a method to ‘obfuscated’ Raxxla, which is part of a Robert Holdstock Easter egg.

I don’t believe the similarities between book and game are ‘definitive’, rather the Lost Realms define an area of influence, as there exist other systems with similarities:

Examples:
Such systems I suspect were added to add weight and prominence to these realms, to make these correlations more obvious.

In conclusion I believe FD has constructed a cosmological world tree, Yggdrasil which sits upon Axis Mundi, denoting the boundary to the Otherworld, which is outlined by regions of Mountains and Water; that Raxxla or access to it, is within the Lost Realms area, across water and through mountains, which is obfuscated upon the outer rim of this construct.
Allow me to introduce something that should help. The ideas are linked by fairies and nymphs It is said that in order to find Heaven one must often visit the depths of hell.

Go to Peregrina. The Raxxlans built Talmor Lens and Raxxla via subterfuge. They used robots (see stations Talos I and Talos II). Undines can have children with humans and take a human form. The children are human but usually have abilities in line with the water-nymph half of their parents - shapeshifting. Peregrina has one hell of special Moon named Undine. I suspect all permit systems are their home and we found peace with at least one branch (e.g. in Sol Earth is humanity's home but Mars is the home of the Raxxlans and their gifted children). This might be why Merlin in Ross 154 was so important. It appears there are Earth-likes catered to different species in Elite Dangerous. Notably, CMDRs can tolerate a much broader range of temperature than normal humans.

Undine - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

Gwragedd Annwn - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

Annwn - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

Category:Nymphs - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

The nymphs and the human gods were the Raxxlans. They often could take human form. The CMDRs are their children. So, apparently we made peace with one branch of whatever the Thargoids call themselves. The CMDRs are at least in part the byproduct of that alliance (when we aren't humans (clones or not) or androids.
Last edited: Oct 20, 2023