Rochester
Oct 20, 2023
#31,801
Perceptions of Annwn: the otherworld in the four branches of Mabinogi - Rhian Rees 2012

https://repository.uwtsd.ac.uk/id/eprint/383/1/G RHIAN REES.pdf

Some interesting allusions in the text above, towards the historical mythology of the concepts of a Celtic ‘Otherworld’. Again the prevailing locality is, unlike Christian beliefs, that these otherworlds were as in the Greek and Norse examples, as being very physical and real, in or below the earth, accessible over sea, water, hill or cave.

Christian influences obviously went towards attributing pagan beliefs towards the negative and linking these to an ‘underworld’ linked to suffering, usurping their origins as ‘Edens’ (not a heaven), they were very much like Miltons ‘earthly paradise’ never static nor pictorial, with a novel landscape which sits outside reality and time in they’re fluidity, but essentially seen as ‘real’. Miltons heaven is in comparison described in more abstraction as being beyond knowing and essentially returning to and spending eternity in gods grace…the point being god built earth as the ‘next’ heaven in Paradise Lost and was to ‘raise it up’ above all else for his creations to reside in forever, until the fall that is…

After absorbing more insight into Welsh/Irish folklore I can see and appreciate the parallels linking it to pan-European migration and Greek history.

The Arthurian romance’s, were likewise an appropriation by Christian writers, with these otherworldly adventures linking more towards the Christian Grail and afterlife etc.

The writing of Paradise Lost ironically, originally was intended to be about King Arthur, as Milton spent much of his earlier studies with an aspiration towards some epic poem on those legends…

I can see now why the author in game, has kept the Lost Realms in the same zone as with the Greek afterlife, and again I still propose this goes further towards establishing this ‘Holdstock Lost Realms’ area, as being intentionally placed.

This physical simulation and close approximations, with they’re referencing with the Codex, can in my opinion only further concrete the logic we have identified and solved part of the Codex, and this is the location that part of it directs us to.

The other parts we’ll that’s another story…

My investigations into the ‘mountains’ systems are still ethereal, but following such research I can see it having more direct relevance if true.

I hope to redraw this map and look for additional identifying links. However, it looks interesting as one side (or range) seems attributable to Hindu / Tibet’s peaks (world axis) whilst the other might be attributed to British peaks, namely old-English ranges with a Scottish, Welsh and Norse naming history, I need I feel to establish if there is an order to this… I suspect there is and that it may further link towards this Otherworldly concept of a ‘land to the west’.

Lost Realms Mountains https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10210796

In many of the texts, including the one above; such western isles might be attributed to Ireland or West coast of Britain. If the ranges in game are placed internationally one might presume a certain geographical link to the British isles ranges, namely starting higher up we ought to expect Scottish then going downwards, into the central regions and then Wales?

Who knows where the foil is…
Last edited: Oct 21, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian