[PS4] Filthymick420
Apr 19, 2020
#16,071
Yesterday i intended to post a vid of what i thought was a curious occurrence. Sorry i wont be able to do that in what i feel is an acceptable time frame . Ill just type the details as im sure they were nothing.

Ok so a few weeks back someone had mentioned being slightly suspicious of Sol Stairways because of their catch phrase 'we'll get you where you're going'. This is what made me consider this incident interesting.

I was on my way to a conflict zone in lft 926 (probably unimportant) and about 3.3Mm from the destination, at which time i dropped out of sc as if i had reached my destination, which i had initially thought had been the case. Upon low waking, another ship also low waked directly in front of me close enough to need to move out of my way immediately. I noticed i had not reached my destination and was instead about 7.9Mm away from the CZ. The ship was an unnamed cobra 3, expert rank, clean, pilot named TURNER (all caps) saying it was with green party of lft 926. After avoiding a collision he just flew straight slowly as npc ships tend to do when not in combat, and i followed scanning him, wishing i had a manifest scanner and a wake scanner equipped. After about 3 mins of me following him he veers left and up stating in coms, 'Sol Stairways, we'll get you where you're going' before jumping out.

A few things made me curious about this. First, the low wake for no reason without reaching my destination and too close to have reached it at >1Mm. Second the ship the seemed to low wake almost simultaneously and almost in the same spot. And third, the pilots name being TURNER in all caps. I was thinking i heard(read) on here the engineer Bill Turner had relation to TDW in some way but am not certain.

Idk typing it out it doenst seem so special but at the time it was all very odd feeling to me. Possibly because im always looking for something to seem odd or out of place in a manner to attract my attention. Anybody else have anything similar occur for them ever?
Reactions:
Vetinari, [PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Mrrshal and 2 others