Rochester
Nov 1, 2023
#31,909
Dox Paradox said:
From a pure entertainment and business perspective, wouldn't FD want to build momentum on Raxxla at various time points in game history (ie in the past ten years) if it was something they really wanted to capitalize on? And yet nothing happened.
And wouldn't Raxxla be something FD would capitalize on, if it was the greatest mystery to be solved in game? And yet, they spent real cash building completely different scenarii, instead of making the quest for Raxxla some multi-layered enigma with hard events like they did for any other narratives that happened in game. Not necessarily to reveal anything. But just so people can engage in this narrative knowing it is supported by FD as a quest, and not dead codex lore.
Not even a damn lost relay or ship or log in YEARS, that would mention that Raxxla is actually something solvable or that the Dark Wheel is active in the galaxy. Not even a Galnet news that some efforts are being conducted by (idk) some powers or research lunatics or anything.
Not a proof as something doesn't exists in game of course as it cannot be disproven by the players, but only by FD themselves.

To make a long post short: I find troubling FD apparent lack of interest or support for this quest line, if it is actually one.

Not necessarily so, there could be any number of solutions to this hypothetical question:

It may have been originally intentionally narratively locked, part of the 10 year story arc. If so restrictions would be a necessity, simply to protect the IP and the investment spent on developing said content.

However I agree it certainly would be a missed opportunity not to capitalise on such hype…unless it was due to an absence of imagination or resources, sadly this is far more common in business than most would be led to believe…

It’s equally possible that it ‘wasn’t’ originally intended to be such a big deal. Its quite possible it may have originated from a side project, or Easter egg.

Such a project might have generated too much unwanted attention, or it may have conflicted with the narrative or certain persons personal goals.

It might have unduly focused attention on persons (Holdstock) not involved with the games current IP, or maybe resources were overstretched and became impossible to maintain or even complete; any number of variables could have contributed towards an intentionally quashing of the original idea.

I think sadly the latter is more likely, and probably more preferable than option 1.
Last edited: Nov 2, 2023