selbie
Sep 14, 2020
#18,887
Ok so this is a rough stab in the dark at connecting some of the dots (literally!).
I came across this youtube video of the Landscape Signal which is supposedly taken direct from the game files and it got me thinking about the clues again.

Conveniently the video author also provided a spectrogram image so I've been using that on the assumption that it is a correct representation.

The signal pattern seems to consist of 6 distinct segments of transmission over the background static. If the Raxxla icon in the codex is anything to go by and it's a representation of a structure of some kind, then there is a chance the origin of this signal is being obscured by a rotating structure around it.
Could the six segments = R A X X L A ?


Now to the landscape signal segment:
SPOILER: LANDSCAPESIGNAL
"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies" - 'brow' is both a facial feature and a term for the top of a hill or the edge of something high such as a cliff or rock (Cambridge Dictionary)

This indicates to me that we are focusing on the "top" most point of the mountain in the landscape signal - if we are following the Cassiopeia constellation star pattern it would be roughly: Pi Cassiopeia, Omicron Cassiopeia, Xi Cassiopeia, or Nu Cassiopeia. The myth also depicts Cassiopeia as vain, sometimes holding up a mirror - thus her reflection may also be considered the 'brow'.

SPOILER: CAS DIAGRAM
In the above diagram, assuming Cassiopeia represents the mountain on the left then immediately to the right could be Perseus then further right may be the side of the Taurus constellation with the 'arm' above stretching over to the Pleiades cluster. This brings me to my other idea about the Taurus Constellation:

SPOILER: THE A SIGNAL

SPOILER: TAURUS CONSTELLATION
On the left side of the full Landscape Signal image there are the two 'A's. If we are continuing the constellation theme, as seen above this shape seems to reflect the Taurus constellation. In Greek mythology, Zeus took the form of a white bull as a disguise in order to seduce Europa. Another prominent theme of yearning/love/desire! Rax!

This last part is a bit of a stretch, but if we go back to the 6 segments - we have two matching segments which could be X X in the RAXXLA sequence, therefore placing the landscape signal at the position of R.

SPOILER: RAXXLA?
Reactions:
fus roh potato, CMDRCov3rt, Tibercov83 and 6 others