Staarlord
S
Jun 28, 2018
#2,806
Okay I think I know what's going on here, pertianing Raxxla. This is taking everything that has been said on the matter in to consideration.

1.) David Brabern said, "it's within range of an unmodified Cobra MKIII." There might be more to this point, but for now let me list the other statements.
2.) Michael Brookes allegedly said, "Players have been through the system, but have never scanned it" in these very forums, once...but I can't find it.
3.) Michael Brookes also said, "There will be no clues."
4.) David Brabern said, "It's out there and we (FD) knows where it is."

Point one may be alluding to it being near Jameson's crash site (unless there's another MKIII laying around --perhaps Rebecca's has yet to be found?
Anyway this can also be more simply referring to total jump range, which is 467ly, or single jump range...and if so, from where? Sol? LHS? The further you expand out the less important which of those two it is.

Point two, if this was said, can most certainly allude to it not being in a permit locked zone, as when a player (if they can) figure out how to unlock these zones, they are most certainly going to be scanning everything in sight, to claim first dibs. In essence, it is not the mindset of the determined to go "oh good, I got into Polaris, now I'll just not scan the bodies."

Point three further expounds upon point two. This is a planet that nobody will see "clues" or more importantly "signs of." Meaning, when we find this system it's not going to be on our trusty little map. This planet will most certainly be very stealth. Perhaps even a signal source, at first...thought I doubt that will be the case. You can be assured that guide interface outlines are turned off for this planet...until discovered. This means that all of those single bodied systems we've landed in, within the bubble, even just one jump away from Sol, we have not bothered to check for "other existences."
I'm literally about to wash out the black levels on my TV and jump into every single bodied system in the bubble, starting closes to Sol, and see if I can find another body.

Point four I racked my head on for hours. It was weird how they said it. Normally "FDev" is what we what we refer to them as. So I started thinking minor factions, and even Faulcon Delacy, since they manufacture the ships most popular ship, the MKIII, and especially since David said, in a Lavecon stream, that it's within range of an unmodified MKIII. But the problem? Faulcon Delacy is in Sol, but was in Reorte and I don't know how to use that as a clue. They don't offer missions and they aren't a faction. I don't see anything hidden in the respective systems...so far.

Finally in a QA session during Lavecon a player asked if Raxxla was in the Bubble, and FDev grinned.

This got me thinking about how they wouldn't just throw it in the mix of trillions of stars for players to never find. They'd hide it in plain site. This is a game that, to date, has less than 1% explored and because of that they aren't in a rush for us to go off to other galaxies...if it is anything more than an Easter egg.
Last edited: Jun 28, 2018
Reactions:
Scytale