Jaiotu
Jun 29, 2018
#2,814
Noobilite said:
I just noticed something. DW=DarkWheel,DrewWagner... The truth myth is out there!!

https://canonn.science/lore/drewwagar-raxxla/

This is very similar to this...

https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/I...ipIBSkHNa10qhfz-ozpMDA3bFoyCyAojRNq1nFr64=s85 This image appears to be broken. And now very tiny... Drag it into a google search. It's about the children of raxxla coming home. Not sure if it's cannon or the player groups content. or both or neither.



Coincidence?!

Now that I'm seeing that image in really large scale I'm noticing there is something like writing in the reflection of the eye. Is it Hebrew? Can Raxxla be spelled in Hebrew, Arabic or Aramaic? Look at the top of the blue part of the eye. And the top of the black of the inner eye for that matter. It looks like that or Japanese...

The image also contains what appears to be 6 planets and a star.. possibly polaris. And the original description describes a primitive insectoid race... Isn't that the thargoids? Or are they not insectoid?

Also, Raxxla as an anagram... Xlaxra. Or maybe Alx Xar... Alex Xar?!

Side note: What is the planet on the splash screen where you choose to enter the game or go to options. It has a version of the picture where there is a station in orbit with a little planetary vehicle looking at it and another with the station crashed in front of the rover.





Here is someone reading from the original book. It might be someone in this thread. I forget what he said his user name was.

I just had a thought. Did that guy who went to the developers system out side the galaxy scan that system. I wonder if raxxla isn't the developers system that is too far to travel too. If only one person went there and only refueled and was taken back. Maybe that is raxxla. The darkwheel could be fdevs and their game development.

Just remember when looking at that picture of an eye overlooking a planet that the "Raxxla" text is simply an embellishment that I added for the YouTube thumbnail. It isn't a part of the original artwork. Here's the text that goes with the original image from The Alien World:

"The Eye Of The Beholder. A Raxxlan projection which appeared above the primitive world Winter D, populated by sentient, but unadvanced insectoids. The Eye became an overwhelming symbol of the evil that stared from the heavens, so disorienting the creatures that the Oisir-Raxxla were able to build their structure and depart without life being lost."