SkyRock
Jan 30, 2020
#14,852
Jorki Rasalas said:
Beginning to get pretty bored with this!

Still working on hypothesis that R is in Sol, some thoughts came to mind. When Jorki first got the Sol permit I visited Triton and saw a steady stream of Fed Navy ships arriving & departing Triton, though none now; might fit with the Feds finding the alien artefact on Mars & getting a heads up on alien presence/knowledge in Sol...??

Pluto might suggest Hades- death of a child/loved one? (Parent's Grief/Lover's Woe)

The Codex's "Astrophel" seems supiciously like "Astrophil"s articles in the New Scientist magazine. He had an article on the "Tale of Woe: star-cross'd lovers" - doomed existence of IRL Bellinda and Cupid inner moons of Uranus, but checked that region with no success... In the Omphalos myth Zeus had two Eagles fly from opposite ends of the world & where they met (at Delphi) the Omphalos stone was placed to mark the centre of the world. Bought an Eagle, flew from Sol out to Pluto & Charon, though they and Uranus were unknown to the ancient greeks so their end of the world would have been Saturn. Halfway from Saturn to Sol? Halfway from Pluto to Sol? (10,603ls from Sol), Halfway from Uranus to Sol? (if Pluto discounted as a planet? 4797ls). Olympus is on Mars, so an orbit at twice Sol to Mars? (1462ls); checked these without success. Checked L4 & L5 lagrange points of Uranus, Saturn & Jupiter for any Greek/Roman asteroids or other orbiting bodies (Astrophil had an article on a mighty Trojan asteroid at Uranus L4) -nowt!

Those halfway ideas seem valid, but to search a whole orbit???

Astrophil also had an article that stated there should be stable orbits between Mars & Jupiter for another planet. It's odd that the asteroid belt is marked on the system map for that region but it is not selectable & there are no 'roid clusters there.

time to feed the hound and get a sundowner to drown my sorrows!
Click to expand...
I do not have permission in the ash, but I also think that it is possible in the ash. I have a request for you, do you see a chain of tasks at stations near Mars or on Earth? Tell you my guesses?)

thx by google translate
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum and [PS4] Filthymick420