RaNaketh
Jan 30, 2020
#14,851
RaNaketh said:
In the same vein as my previous post, I'm continuing my research to aid our collective wisdom in attempting to find the elusive Raxxla, and have reviewed the "2.2 Release Celebration Video.



During the video the key points I noted were:

1:10:15 our good friends are discussing the new introductions in 2.2.
I assume they're referring to 'Guardian Sites' when mentioning the players will need to collect things and place them to unlock new lore. Any idea what the several other things were (or are?)?

At 1:17:20 they're clarifying that 2.2 added in new stuff for 'Cannon Research' to get involved with, but that previously added stuff hadn't been found.
In my view that confirms Raxxla (or something else we're missing) was in-game before 2.2. and hadn't been found at its release time.

At 1:25:15 the comment for saying in the chat was "Mysterious Things Added" which doesn't mean much in the video so here are the references to Mysterious Things in the game changelog for reference (sure it's probably been called out before but doesn't hurt to refresh it in the thread occasionally).


(Horizons) New surface features: biological entities, fumeroles & geysers, persistent POIs, and "mysterious things"


New wreckages, USS scenarios & "Mysterious Things"


Mysterious improvements


Mysterious and exciting things added...
(Horizons) Mysterious and exciting things added...

Note: Yes there are two 'mysterious' things in the same changelog. One Horizons, and one not.

1:30:43 A Genship/satellite/HaulerClass or something? Can anyone confirm this image from experience?

Nothing concrete (obviously), however even timelines and tip bits might help us all.

Fly Dangerously
/ Ra.
Click to expand...

I've been also looking for nuggets in PAX East 2017 - Interview with David Braben and If these are CMDR Braben's ship locations, why Asellus Primus? Except the 8th 'moon' is a sun that's the right colour for TDW station image and it's a casual 5M LS away from entry point! Will check it out after I finish my journey to Voyager.
Edit: Ugh, exited super-cruise at Voyager and ended appearing at SOL (Sun). Grr.. fine checking out AP now!
SPOILER: INTERESTING SHIP DOCK LOCATIONS

I don't expect much except a lot of integrity damage to my trusty AspX explorer ship from the long trip, but will keep you posted.

Fly Dangrously!
/ Ra.
Last edited: Jan 30, 2020
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, [PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Hanerib and 1 other person