Rochester
Jul 7, 2023
#30,761
The location of those early settled systems match the key information in the Codex - namely the time frame of 2296.

2296 identifies that Raxxla was known within an early window, this reduces the area of influence significantly.

I don’t believe we ought to concern ourselves with fuel nor travel capacity, simply because the key information omits it, and the key lore person @Allen Stroud mentioned he didn’t include such detail in his texts. So I feel such a hypothesis is unnecessary, simply because it renders all information useless (as technically it could be anywhere if one used a fuel scoop etc).

That area of space likewise in the lore is said to have been, dangerous and unexplored, so it’s very likely I suspect discovered during this initial period of exploration.

When you look at the various aspects of the Codex namely the mentioning of Atlantis, Cities of gold and Prestor John, those localities are slap bang in this same vicinity.

Combined it establishes in my opinion a focal point.

This focal point is further backed up by the inclusion of Pandemonium, Michael Brookes (RIP) reference to Paradise Lost, this area is also home to many ‘underworld’ systems (Tartarus being the deepest void); Axis Mundi (!) and of course Persephone, which is an obvious allusion to Cora comes home!

This focal point is in my definitive opinion the area FD want us to focus upon.

What’s next, is still an unknown…

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10152025

If the above is true, what happens if we then ignore the Codex information and refer back to the lost DW missions! There was those missions which talked of the silent spheres, again a John Milton reference, linked to Pandemonium. If Axis Mundi and Pandemonium are a key element, what else might be in this vicinity, or are all these simply environmental clues, attempting to act as markers to focus our attention upon this relatively small area?

Is something there, hidden, or in plain sight, is this a jumping off point to point us elsewhere! Jacques is very suspicious, his home system likewise matches the DW description!!!???

Jacques travels past a weird system called ‘Bridge’ a potential allegory for Milton’s Bridge in Paradise Lost!

Or equally, how many of these are ‘projections’ on our part; or an amalgamation of separate mysteries; or are these separate mysteries pointing ‘back’ towards a common centre!

Last edited: Jul 7, 2023
Reactions:
The Reverend, John Stoutbeard and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian