Rochester
Jul 7, 2023
#30,764
Jorki Rasalas said:
We have no evidence linking Jaques to Raxxla, however IIRC there is a similarity to codex TDW logo, which in the past has caused me to muse that Jaques is a member of TDW (not got PC powered yet to check the codex, pity it’s not available on the web! ). Membership of TDW would make sense given his long life, wanderings, knowledge gained through bar room chat etc. Facece is one of the Old Worlds & hence possibility for TDW (“operating since the very earliest days of interstellar travel”). However I have posted in the past about his journeys mentioned in Galnet posts.

Systems visited by Jaques prior to the jump to Colonia:

(There’s a risk that some of the old lore re Jaques is not canon for ED, but we go with what we got!)

Circa 3000 he got a job as bartender in the newly-built Peters Base station at Facece/Topaz ( 8th moon Facece 6g!)
By 3200 he had secured ownership over half of the station. Jaques' dream was to buy out the rest of the station, attach engines to it, and use it to explore the galaxy.
By 3300, Jaques had exchanged Peters Base, a , for a more resilient .

? Feb 3301 - 19 Feb 3301 wandering around HIP 110620

19 Feb 3301 Journeying through HIP 110079 - Unknown date

-16 months gap in record of Jaques’ activities!-

19 May 3302 Jaques jumped from Gliese 1269. Beagle Point was the intended destination, jump expected to take a week but he went missing

28 Jun 3302 Jaques found in Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 (Colonia)

So I wonder if that 16 month gap without explanation, (and the Galnet posts seem deliberately intended to call attention to it) means that he spent the time looking for Raxxla? No suggestion of that possibility in the codex, but he a wanderer (“vagabond”). Do those systems tie in with your mythology-based hypothesis? I do agree that Persephone (greek myth of Demeter &“Kore”) and the Tau Ceti rumour’s “Cora” is suggestive....
do you have a centre system and radius for your suspect region?
Yes there is no evidence linking Jaques to Raxxla, I simply find it very odd his journey originated in this very suspicious area, and his origin system does have a gas giant with 8 moons, could just be a coincidence.

In regards to Jaques and Yggdrasil there is no definitive correlation, however the existence of the ‘underworld’ area does sit directly below Yggdrasil, and Axis Mundi could be identified as being at its base.


*green main is path of Persephone, blue are systems named after sunken kingdoms, yellow cities of gold, red is the Greek underworld, green again for the path of Jaques. All other points are Yggdrasil.

Concurrent with galactic north / south, Yggdrasil is aslant, but given the old Star Trek analogy ‘what’s really up or down’ if one tilts one’s head the two do look like they correlate; but still nothing conclusive.



The path of Jaques travels away fron this region.

The 2296 sphere of influence is established simply from Sol to the furthest system explored upto 2296.

This region does seem to be very close to where the path of Jaques begins, relatively close to the system Bridge!

Bridge has the controlling faction ‘Kronos Sovereing’ (Omphalos)!






Simply finding it very odd and attempting to interrogate the information for any possible links or evidence to exclude it.

Does this mean something, does it relate directly with Raxxla, is it pointing us outwards or is it simply another mystery within another mystery whose purpose is to draw us towards this underworld area, is the system’s Bridge and HIP1114458 an reference to John Milton and Lucifers Viaduct (bridge) across the Outer Rim of the Silent Spheres!?

If it is, then this is certainly by the hand of Brookes (07) and if that is the case it’s truly a work of art; if it’s just apophenia, well let’s disregard it.

'The Adamastor, the tree above hell, to the war and the bridge'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10159170
Last edited: Jul 7, 2023
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, simulacrae, Shadowsnog and 1 other person