SergMx
Jul 7, 2023
#30,770
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Mother of Galaxies is Gaia / Mother Nature / Terra Mater / etc. The rebuilding of Talmor Lens is started at Earth. All the infrastructure was dependent on that one broken piece that humanity rebuilt in Egypt. I think Raxxla as per the rumors and what we are looking for in Elite Dangerous is in whatever globular cluster is the Saramandara Pearls.

I suspect the Guardian ruins provide a map in the form of the ruins themselves. Azimuth Saga seems to suggest the Thargoids are probably the Traditionalist branch of the Guardians (but there may be multiple groups based on different behaviors in California Nebula).

Humanity appears to have developed our technology from the Progressive-branch Guardians which were well known for holographic technology, virtual reality, etc. In fact, Pilot's Federation infrastructure is essentially a copy of the Monolith Network (this largely explains telepresence) and the vehicles being ad-hoc parts of the network. Jaques may have meant well but I don't know for certain. He, however, is unlikely to actually be human. Also, CMDRs, are likely genetic hybrids between humans and Guardians. This is why only CMDRs can fly the ships. Who are the bad guys here is big unknown at the moment. There is also a lot more cooperation behind the scenes that isn't obvious unless you watch small details in missions carefully.

TL;DR version: Raxxla (otherwise known as the Monolith Network) has literally been in front of us the entire time. It is huge and covers millions of systems. It seems to enable our ships warp capabilities via wormholes and hyperspace comms. The question is does it ultimately connect to other galaxies? The artificial power sources, antennas, arrays, installations (orbital and surface), surface ports, and stations are all components of the larger structure.
The Codex shows that there are guardian ruins all over the galaxy. But I haven't encountered them in the bubble.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian