Rochester
Jul 8, 2023
#30,772
Jorki Rasalas said:
How does “To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla” fit your hypothesis?

Mother of galaxies I think might be Sol or Hathor....Eve only had three children (Cain, Abel, Seth) that we know and none relate to galaxies, though IIRC Abel might be a star catalogue....ah yes, (but no system called Eve) https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abell_catalogue !

Milton of course knew nothing about galaxies, Hubble’s observations were way later. I did have a brief glance at
But didnt see anything I thought relevant.
“To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! = who knows? Maybe it is Sol, eg ‘direct yourself towards Sol’ because FD do refer to Earth as being the jewel, generally there are too many potential candidates for this, so if we attempt to follow the key information provided to us by FD, Sol seems a likely candidate?

To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void! = Tartarus and Nysa eg the underworld sector? ‘direct yourself to the underworld’?

The parent's grief = Demeter; The lover's woe = Persephone, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts = who knows, but maybe it simple means ‘follow Persephone downwards’, because Demeter was a wanderer, her heart’s desire was her daughter!

Regards Milton, all of creation ergo our universe, as well as all ‘other Eden’s’ (ergo other worlds, other systems) sat within the spherical shell of the silent spheres. In Miltons own terms a physical orb hanging from heaven walls, Hell and it’s capital sat way outside of it in the Chaos, Heaven’s gate was in direct polar opposition, far above the apex. But we’ve been here before.

I feel the author of all of this did what most artists do and extracted various influences from a number of sources and built something relatively abstract but with some common context. I don’t believe we can utilise just one reference point and apply it directly to others or find a common thread.

Together I believe they represent specific systems or regions and collectively they point someplace, I’m certain of it.

Within the Codex it does directly indicate Atlantis, Eldorado (cities of gold, and Prestor John. These locations are in game, all slap in the middle of a Greek underworld, around Axus Mundi, relatively so is Pandemonium.

I have a presumption the ‘Children’s Story’ is as allegory for the book ‘Elite Legacy’ but I don’t think it holds any exact clues textually, other that it’s system location… or it’s a nod and a wink to look at the book again and look for indirect clues within?

“A broad and ample road, whose dust is gold. And pavement stars—as starts to thee appear. Soon in the galaxy, that milky way. Which mightly as a circling zone thou seest. Powder'd wiht stars”
John Milton Paradise Lost
Last edited: Jul 8, 2023
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Darrack