Rochester
Jul 8, 2023
#30,779
CMDR Davanix said:
I have slight feeling he wasnt really going to Beagle and just used the hype to get him wherever he was goin but was stopped along the way by the Sensors, Perhaps Hyponia? or getting closer to Hyponia or maybe near a titan in the area caused the sensors to flip? One of the current titans did come more from that direction rather than the direction of the others or they flipped due to him passing directly through a Guardian site (there is some in his path to Colonia in Prua Phoe/Skaudai sector)

I like this concept.

We accept he was supposedly going to Beagle Point, but why? That system is supposedly arbitrary (in regards to Raxxla and the narrative) as it was discovered, named by players.

The sensors caused the mis-jump, so from FD perspective likely BP was never intended and utilised to garner interest. What followed very likely was intended to become some type of treasure hunt for Jaques, but we all know that never went to plan.

Hard to say if Jaques inevitable direction is linked to Raxxla, I suspect it’s not linked, and more in line with the overarching narrative relevant to the Thargoids.

I presume therefore if anything about Jaques is relevant to Raxxla, based upon his origin point alone, I could suspect that HIP 110620 then HIP 110079, were chosen due to their respective location next to the systems ‘Bridge’ and ‘HIP1114458’ and the Gen ship Achlys (which means Death Fog).

From a Milton perspective this could be interpreted as a potential Hells gate, which linked to Lucifers Viaduct (bridge) used to connect Hell with the Silent Sphere’s.

It’s a stretch, but we’ve been here before. And I strongly suspect is actually archeological and represents a now retconned element built by the late great Brookes.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10129237
Last edited: Jul 9, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, John Stoutbeard and Darrack