Jorki Rasalas
Jul 8, 2023
#30,774
Rochester said:
“To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! = who knows? Maybe it is Sol, eg ‘direct yourself towards Sol’ because FD do refer to Earth as being the jewel, generally there are too many potential candidates for this, so if we attempt to follow the key information provided to us by FD, Sol seems a likely candidate?

To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void! = Tartarus and Nysa eg the underworld sector? ‘direct yourself to the underworld’?

The parent's grief = Demeter; The lover's woe = Persephone, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts = who knows, but maybe it simple means ‘follow Persephone downwards’, because Demeter was a wanderer, her heart’s desire was her daughter!

Regards Milton, all of creation ergo our universe, as well as all ‘other Eden’s’ (ergo other worlds, other systems) sat within the spherical shell of the silent spheres. In Miltons own terms a physical orb hanging from heaven walls, Hell and it’s capital sat way outside of it in the Chaos, Heaven’s gate was in direct polar opposition, far above the apex. But we’ve been here before.

I feel the author of all of this did what most artists do and extracted various influences from a number of sources and built something relatively abstract but with some common context. I don’t believe we can utilise just one reference point and apply it directly to others or find a common thread.

Together I believe they represent specific systems or regions and collectively they point someplace, I’m certain of it.

Within the Codex it does directly indicate Atlantis, Eldorado (cities of gold, and Prestor John. These locations are in game, all slap in the middle of a Greek underworld, around Axus Mundi, relatively so is Pandemonium.

I have a presumption the ‘Children’s Story’ is as allegory for the book ‘Elite Legacy’ but I don’t think it holds any exact clues textually, other that it’s system location… or it’s a nod and a wink to look at the book again and look for indirect clues within?

“
John Milton Paradise Lost
If MB set this as a mythology-based puzzle I think you have to remember he was an author & would have been fairly precise in his usage of the concepts.
Tartaurus was the region, so ok for the deepest void, but the whisperer/siren? More likely Hades was the lover, and then could also be the whisperer/siren. However from Paradise Lost it would be Lucifer, who tried to seduce Eve and whispered to her (temptation->siren) about the forbidden fruit.

We might presume Jaques spent the missing years exploring this region in search of Raxxla....I suspect he found it, and then he wanted further adventure so was planning to jump across the galaxy to Beagle Point but was sabotaged by the Thargoid Sensor terrorists.
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, Rochester, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person