Jorki Rasalas
Feb 4, 2021
#20,919
Vektorboson said:
That's also my working theory that Farseer is DW. DW is searching for Raxxla and Farseer wants cartography to level up? Kind of makes sense, right?
On my list of stuff to try: Provide more cartography to Farseer although she's already at level 5.

I also noticed that Elvira's base has an interesting name: "Long Sight Base". I find it funny, because I read "Farseer" as "someone who sees far". So you have "Long Sight Base" against "Farseer Inc".

Also there are a few mission types, like the "Trading Beacon", then there are those tips you get from unknown people (where you have to scan a land base; according to this forum, those tips are actually a dead end). Sometimes you get a standard mission (bring us XX of YY) from an unknown mission giver.
Whenever I get those missions from people in disguise I always do those, but lately I don't get them anymore. I only got them when I was following the Wreaken Corp-lead (mostly in the Ega-system).
Click to expand...

Yes, someone at FD likes puns! But DW told us in Premonition that Elvira used to be an assassin (I don’t think that fits the Codex description of TDW) and was an associate of The Club. FD had to proof read the official books, so I guess it has to be true!
But I haven’t seen anything to date that suggests that the usual missions we see are the way to get the TDW invitation. As Han_Zen says above the logical thing was for the Shinrarta Dezhra missions to do this, after getting the Founders World permit on gaining Elite rank, to lead to TDW but the likely-looking Elite missions (see first post) that were there seem to have disappeared a long time ago. Or possibly they still exist but we’re not triggering them? I find it interesting that FD response to some of the player questions on those missions was something like “cannot comment at this time”, which shouts to me that there is something in them, and they are still in-game, but then why aren’t we seeing them???

@Spock: I don’t know mate. I’m speculating with ideas and have no solutions. How would TDW assess “cross the biggest and most dangerous rifts in the void” for this to be a sensible criterion? Would there be a list of systems at either side & you’d have to have visited/surveyed at least one of each? Or are there some sights out there that are must-visits for brave adventurers/explorers? Presumably you’d have to sell the exploration data to TDW faction at Neuman Camp, which might explain their existence in SD.

@Han_Zen: the SAP8 items sounded to me like Guardian crystals. You could be right & maybe there’s something in the Guardian sites/Beacons that we haven’t triggered yet. Or maybe TDW just aren’t recruiting at the moment. Perhaps they’re all self-isolating with Covid?

@SkyRock: you sound grumpy. I don’t know, this thread is a forum for discussion. I have no idea if, or who, has crossed the various rifts in-game. That’s why I raised the possibility. But I’m 100% sure that nobody has found everything yet! Too little has been explored to date.
Last edited: Feb 4, 2021