Jorki Rasalas
Feb 4, 2021
#20,912
@Han_Zen Yes I agree.

In the IRH Discord there is some discussion over engineers. Felicity Farseer may well be a DW member (likely also the Ryder girl, whereas Premonition clearly tells us that Elvira and Bill are associates of The Club). Actually I think there may be 3 TDW members in the engineers to cater for combat, trading and exploration aspects.

In her engineering upgrade messages Felicity says she’s been to the Coalsack, while for her grade 5 fsd upgrade she talks about “crossing the biggest and most dangerous rifts in the Void....you won’t need to fear anything with this. Your courage will be your limitation, not your ship.”

And TDW description from the Codex “A legendary group of adventurers, explorers, investigators and treasure-hunters; only a handful of the bravest and most competent pilots of each generation are honoured with an invitation to join; it is always they who initiate contact, initially in disguise, revealing their true identity only once a suitable test of courage and skill has been discreetly administered, and passed.”

Well, Felicity is in disguise as she’s not admitting to membership, but speaks in the Codex about TDW closing down imitators, therefore may well be TDW and clearly supports explorers and adventurers with her upgrades. So is her engineering message actually “the test of courage and skill being discreetly administered”?

Jorki has been out to the Coalsack, and also to Zurara in the Formidine Rift, but there are others including, I believe, one in The Void galactic region which is suggestive
So what possible test completion criteria would we have to meet? Clearly visiting Zurara wasn’t sufficient as I’m still waiting for an invitation.

I feel a long distance trip coming on... Wonder if Tyko wants to take up the mantle while Jorki continues to search for Raxxla in Sol? Not that I’m doing any flying at the moment. Real life gets in the way!!
Last edited: Feb 6, 2021
Reactions:
Fiera, Crimson Echo and Vektorboson