Cmdd_Legendie
Jan 20, 2019
#5,251
Khaimera737 said:
I came across something today when doing some random research on Raxxla. In the Codex there are several hints/clues I think I may have picked up on.

1) First, they make mention of something called Omphalos Rift. Omphalos was a religious stone artifact in Ancient Greek. So i am going to look around greek named systems around the bubble near sol. There is a system called Delphi that was named something else in the beginning but was changed in Beyond.

Isn't it interesting that this quest for Raxxla has us, in a way, frameshift driving through history and deep into Greek mythology? And there have been so many theories, but thinking out of the box for a moment, i'm curious if anyone has done research on the name Raxxla itself?

Why Robert Holdstock chose that name to be precise. A simple search on the google search engine would simply be about the mystery itself, a link to this forum or youtube videos. So i went to the internet archives, basically a complete sweep of the internet of anything on ''Raxxla''. And what do I find? Well, first a few Computist Issues published back in the 1980's, and then something rather interesting.



Lots of Greek. Half way down the page you'll see the word with the two ''ÀÀ'' letters, that's the highlighted word when searching for 'Raxxla'. Simply typing 'Raxxla' in a translation detector will only show 'Raxxla' with english detected due to the english alphabet. So I had to free hand that word myself to get the correct translation. It's real easy to get lost in translation but the word once completed was detected as Greek and translated to ''Gallia'' which is also written in this text, it also means Gaul. Which was the name of several different ancient regions pre-roman i believe.

I don't think it's necessary to go into which regions or what they were, but I think the important things is, that it was more then one region. And well, what's in a name, is everything…''capacity, power.'' ''Powerful people''. Which is related to the name itself. It's too good of a connection to be nothing. I'm curious if this is what the creator of this mystery had in mind when creating it. (Edit: unsure if I already made a post on this some months back…)

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaul
Last edited: Jan 20, 2019
Reactions:
eadghe, SpocksOddSocks and Armstrong