Havvk
Jan 20, 2019
#5,258
CMDRGURU951 said:
Friends,
it is with a pretty heavy heart that I have come to tell you that I have found Raxxla.
My heart is heavy because I cannot tell you more, and more so because as such I am forced to cut ties with everyone I have made friends with in this galaxy. I have made failed promises, and have left much to be understood. I knew so little at the time of making those. You may read this and get upset or feel betrayed, and I understand that and expect that. If you too find Raxxla, you will understand perfectly well why I have to do this. There is in fact an NDC, of sorts, on the path to finding it. Raxxla is not something that can be found by collaboration between friends, piggy backing, coat tail riding, or even in multicrew. It is in fact something one has to do all on their own and there is no work around. You cannot outsmart the process or use shortcuts along your way. It must be done exactly as it is intended, alone and as directed. If you could teach people the process it would completely strip and rob them of what it is and where it leads to. This too will make sense when you find it and then you will understand why I am doing what I am doing.
It is out there and it is within all of you to do just that. I have my sincerest hopes that you will. I have spent much of the day in tears over this experience as a whole, literally.
Luckily for you, my closest friends and allies in The 46&2, and all of you in Canonn Research, you have possession of a wealth of incomplete information on how to find it, as well as how it got done and I'm leaving that as is. If you give up you will never find it. If you fail the process you will never grasp it. If you try to subvert it, or its participants, you will not see it, touch it or feel it. The story of the Nemesis is not yours, so leave that in the past, although a Cobra is good tradtion, so maybe piece one together for this trip. I cannot show you pictures or videos, but I can give you the map. Hold it tight and don't let go.
The keywords I give you are the tools you will use to decipher the meanings of people, places and things along the way, every step of the way. When you find it it will be unmistakeable.

Map:

Keywords: google, wiki, meaning, myth and symbol.

My sincerest and deepest gratitude to everyone at Frontier Developments.

Thank you all for being my friend.

GURU-951
46&2
Canonn Research

o7
Click to expand...
I figured it out, you clever basturd!