Jorki Rasalas
Dec 26, 2019
#14,363
Cunder said:
This is an on going cross examination of Galnet Archives and The Dark Wheel Toast. It takes a lot of reading and interpretation

Lover’s Woe

23 Aug 3301 – Federal Times Reporter named as Murder Suspect

25 Aug 3301 – Famous Reporter Commits Suicide

So, the basic story is a famous Federal Times Reporter Elaine Boyd was accused of killing her lover Agent Susan Monroe. She had been on the run for 2 days. The intent to kill was unclear but was expected by the Federal Security Services it was about confidential information.

The trail dies 2 days later the famous reporter Elaine Boy had killed herself leaving a suicide note saying she could no longer live with the guilt of killing her lover Monroe.

Federal Times refused to comment.

Unfortunately, nowhere in these articles list a place this has happened nor is the Federal Times on a list of locations that I can see based on the database and wikis.

Possibly the names can be a clue who knows Chief Editor can’t believe Boyd could commit such a crime.

This could be the least likely hint due to the fact of lack of information but again this whole story seems to smell of cover-up.

Lover’s Woe search is very bleak on Galnet Articles if anyone can pick off these 2 articles or can think outside the box with the information of these two articles hopefully it can be another clue. But let’s continue with one more and likely possibility.

The Death of Emperor Hengist Duval

Emperor Hengist Duval, after his death he left behind a fiancé Florence Lavigny (Mother of Arissa Lavigny-Duval) a time where a wedding could but never took place he died in that very event by a so called domestic Imperial terrorist who had stabbed him on the wedding day which was taking place at the Capital of Achenar.

This is probably the saddest stories for Florence Lavigny she had to go through 2 troubling events with Emperor falling into a coma where there was attempt of assassination by poison during . And his final moments in the morning before their wedding which he then died from .

These are only 2 stories I can find on the Galnet that seemed to follow along with the dark wheels lover’s woe. Emperor Hengist Duval probably the one that standout the most out of all of them.

Vagabond





This series of articles is about the Kumo Crew and their continuous attacks on Pegasi Sector for the purpose of control. In the string attacks I could unfortunately find 4 specific systems listed on 24 Jun 3301

Arawere, Huaich, LTT 16548, and San Muss.

On 24 Aug 3301 Commander Nyluss of the Merchant Marines went to say “We must re-establish liberty in those zones that have become lawless. The Kumo Crew and its vagabond Leader will no longer be tolerated in our space. I call Upon all Federation pilots. How can you tolerate this encroachment upon our worlds?”

This is all I could find on a Vagabond story. And looking more closely on more articles that may relate to this part of the Dark Wheel toast.

Whisper in Witch-Space

This is probably the harder clue to tackle along with the Siren.

Witch Head Nebula is mentioned a lot during the 3305 articles one being part of pushing the thargoids out of the area and humanity establishing stations. Only system I seen so far is Witch Head Sector DL-Y d17 that seems to be listed in the articles which consist of a new Engineer and tech brokers so I can only assume there are stations in the system as well.

The 2 obvious story are Gan Romero the Starship technician and Former President Halsey. Both share the same experience of witnessing the same things. Halsey who experienced a place of extraordinary beauty and seeing an intelligent lifeform. Romero described it as a radiant glow which resembles heaven itself. Only different is Romero heard voices with no body. This could reference a Nebula probably one that hasn't been found yet.

The incident of the missing Diamond Back (which Romero had stolen) started in Vega system and remains missing to this day. For the missing flight of Starship One which the very ship Former President Halsey was aboard on went missing and rescued on . The listed systems for this search and rescue were at locations Lyncis Sector, ON-T B3-1, ON-T B3-2, ON-T B3-3, ON-T B3-4 and ST-R B4-3 1 systems. And based on Halsey MIA situation she was gone for exactly 9 months.

If this trend were to continue, we might not hear or find Gan Romero until Jan 25 3306 that or he can be lost forever until a pilot goes searching for him. Based between Vega system where Gan Romero disappeared, and Halsey rescue was roughly more or less 150 lys away from each other.

Interesting part about Gan Romero is job qualification as a Starship technician who would have shared a part of his duty working along side Ark Tornqvist a shipboard mechanic.

To add to this is also Romero would be able to work on or for all we know with his job description and enough background check could have worked on Starship One the very ship Former President Halsey disappeared on. Could it be that he may have been behind the missing Starship One years ago? Was he instructed by the very voices to tamper with Starship One that was apart of being missing for 9 months? All possibilities, but it’s hard not to over look the fact of Romero job title and the once missing Starship One share a similar word.
Click to expand...

Mmm, I suspect the deaths of Susan Monroe & Elaine Boyd are more likely related to the murder of the former Vice President Nigel Smeaton than Raxxla or Dark Wheel.
Reactions:
simulacrae and Han_Zen