Rochester
Dec 27, 2019
#14,374
I am very aware of confirmational bias, its a dangerous thing. In RL it can lead one to make assumptions against a peson and tarnish their actions and your own to suit subconscious desires.

In reality we ask whats the 'reliance' of certain information. Is it known or unknown.

Now with ED in RL one would say all of the information it provides is unreliable, and is unknown. Because the sources cannot be verified. So we cant trust it. In RL Raxxla simply wouldn't be investigated.

This tin-foil thread helps us to look at the trees which obscure the woods and to ask, is this door really a door, or simply a jar?

In RL when we uncover information bias we hold it up to the light and ask questions of each other. Luckily there is someone (or an organisation) that goes - no thats bias...there isn't significant information, its six degrees of separation, drop it.

We go off real information that's corroborated from multiple sources.

Right now within ED all we have regards Raxxla is myth or fluff.

Galnet cant be trusted in my opinion, never could, due to its 'fluffyness'. Ironic since its entire existance to start out was to provide hints...

DB and MB statements are out of date, and context, since A they likely are no longer involved, B their statements were based on an older model, and C they answered questions cryptically, or used avoidance. So in my opinion they cant be trusted either.

What is FDs modus operandi?

If there are no clues, then there really isn't any point in looking.

FD inject narratives as they build the game. Significant story arcs have not been unlocked until FD injected the content.

FD have in the past used mythical references which have completely bamboozled lots of people, not because it was overly difficult, but because it was a needle within a haystack of needles.

So they drop clues.

So is LTT606 a valid source? That was the question.

The answer is highly unlikely but...this is all fiction...so?

Is the DW station location a clue, certainly and they have provided us a partial address in the DW codex . I do think finding the DW will offer up more clues, or corroborate existing information...

Is the Raxxla codex a map; probably not, is it a cryptic crossword... likely.

They are a tease.
Last edited: Dec 27, 2019
Reactions:
Vetinari and [PS4] Filthymick420