Jah'bastah II
Oct 1, 2018
#3,711
Locations and location-bound proper names mentioned in The Dark Wheel, perhaps we can extrapolate something from it, sure are some leads to explore mentioned systems and locations (Tionisla excerpt for example):



(ship Avalonia) Avalon (is a system) (also mythologically -- Arthurian legend -- related to UTOPIA, place that isn't a place)
Lave
"Ophidian class vessel" (region Ophiuchus?)
"shuttling cargo between the worlds of the Galactic co-operative
Ontiat (unknown to EDSM and EDDiscovery)
Leesti (a planet and system) "a small greenish disc" ***
Regiti (unknown)
Aona
"Moray", a ship, bears likeness to systems: Mora, Morai, Moraja
Raxxla, of course
Sotiqu, referred to as a system, unknown to EDD and EDSM, an "anarchist paradise"
Isveve, referred to as 'dogs -of-a-world', unknown to EDD + EDSM
Tionisla (The best way to see the wreckplace at Tionisla is to approach it from the Sun (a reasonably safe thing to do since Tionisla, being a Democracy has few pirates in its system). Tionisla itself is a bright yellow world, and the cemetery is always between the planet and its star. As you fly close, the whole strange graveyard seems to be expanding from the circle of the world behind. The first thing you see is a shimmering, silver disc, a double spiral of tiny bright points. It slowly turns: it's a galaxy in miniature, with the same intense blur of light at its centre, because here is where the biggest tombs are to be found. Come closer and soon you can see that the stars in this galaxy are markers, great lumps of metal, heavily inscribed with the words and symbols of a thousand religions. The cemetery is a bizarre and moving sight. The markers are rarely less than a thousand feet across. There are chrome-alloy crosses, titanium Stars of David, duralium henges, and all the strange symbolic shapes of the worlds, and the minds and the faiths that have come to die in this Star traveller's special place. Tethered below this vast, rotating mausoleum is the dodecahedral shape of a 'Dodo' class space station, the home of the Cemetery Authorites. Here you go through security checks and get your visitor's visa. And as you stand in the queue, staring up through the translucent ceiling of the Customs Hall, you can see the battered, broken ships of many of the dead, still attached to the silent tomb that contains the body. It's a good enough reason to come to Tionisla. There are pickings aplenty among the wrecks. The treasures of centuries might be revealed by pressing the right panel on the right cube of black, alien metal as it floats silently by. Or maybe not treasure, just the tomb's defences . . . A pit with a laser. A robot guardian with knives where its hands should be. )
'Elyssia Fields', it's a name but... bears likeness to Elysia, tied to afterlife and Utopia
Teorge, the clone world.
'Geretean' is likely mentioned as "inhabitant/animal of Geret...", bears likeness to Gera, Geras
Xezaor, Xezaorian (planet unknown to EDSM, EDD) "red-blue disc of the planet Xezaor was only slightly brighter than the gleaming field of stars around. The planet's sun was dim and very close by. It glowed red. A dying star, as the world ahead of them was a dying world, a cooling world, a world whose wealth and industrial development could not hold back the process of Galactic ageing. Xezaor was a world where luxuries and warmth meant everything, now, and Shanaskilk fur, with the multiple heads still intact, would fetch a high price. [[Mentioned a bit later: Magellan building, South City, Commander City]]"
Shanaskilk (no idea what this is, haven't found a location with variants or left-substring of the proper noun, probably an exotic animal or something)
Ceinzala (not found)
Reorte (homeworld of the bladderlash)
Rexebe (not found)
Inera (not found)
Bierle, Bierleans(not found)
"Arcturan", Arcturus
Dironothaxaurian, considering these are fossils, could be named after and bears likeness to systems Dirone and Dironii
Dykstra's world (Dijkstra)
Oresrians, can be confused with Thargoids apparently, they are insect-like in appearance. Closest system in name likeness I found was Oresqu
Mymurth, planet, not found, home of turtle-like creatures called Mymurths (who later in the story are discovered to be Tharglets, find Mymurth and you find the birthplace of the thargs? Or was that a lie too?)
Cirag,Ciragians worship Mymurths, no locations found ( "The nearest star was six light years distant"

image of chronological route of the known systems (might be wheel-like if complete )




*** The first mention of Raxxla, when the Ryders are attacked by a cobra near Leesti. One would expect something to be found near Leesti (space debris, wreckage, a signal...):
Father and son faced each other for a last moment, each watching the other through a mist of tears and confusion—

'I don't understand . . .' Alex screamed above the noise of the dying ship, meaning: Who's trying to kill us?
'Raxxla!' Jason said. 'Remember: Raxxla!' Then, as he pushed Alex back into the cramped escape pod, he shouted, 'Remember me, Alex! I wouldn't have wished this on you. Raxxla!'

The escape pod was jettisoned. Alex tumbled. The sleek shape of the Avalonia was above him, and then just white light—
White heat.
Cold space!

Second proper mention
Raxxla's no alien,
Alex. It's a ghost world. A planet. A legend . . .

Third proper mention
'One thing's for sure,' Rafe went on drily. 'Unless you get there, unless you become élite, you'll never get to Raxxla. And you'll never know exactly what your father was searching for.'
'I don't understand.'
'Were you aware of his involvement in The Dark Wheel?'

Fourth proper mention
Alex agreed. 'Could Cirag be Raxxla? Could it be the world my father mentioned before he died?' 'No way. Cirag is Cirag, and Raxxla—if it exists—is in another Galaxy; you know the legends.

Something else of note:
And in a way, they went into the set-up gamely. Alex checked up on the planet Cirag and discovered that it was not listed with the Official Planetary Register. That was the reason for its unfamiliar name. Not to be registered was not in itself unusual. Only inhabited worlds were listed. There were millions of inhabited star systems of use to miners, traders and explorers, which could only be located by reference to the Galactic Gazatteer of Worlds.


Something interesting
some Boas/Mambas class ships appear
'Markings are unfamiliar . . .'
There had been black and green flags with bright sunbursts on them, and non-terrestrial ideographs on the sides"

In Closing
'How does it feel to be rich?'
'Empty,' Alex said, and Rafe Zetter laughed.
'You'll do for the Dark Wheel, Alex. You'll do . . .'

You heard the man, go triple Elite and become rich and feel empty. Then do the Dark Wheel missions. Rafe Zetter is Dark Wheel right? Soooo, is he in the game? Exploring the abovementioned locations might help too. When I have the time, I'm gonna set a route for all the systems I could find this way and explore them all thoroughly. Or you know, I just did the work of listing them, maybe someone else can beat me to it.

WARNING, TINFOILERY: In KOTOR I there was this "puzzle" where you had to write down the names of characters that appeared in the written history of a band, to then use them as sequential input to a combination lock. Perhaps similarly, travelling through the systems mentioned in sequence will pop a message "Dark Wheel invitation to Raxxla".

Edit: Holy , look at the amount of (six letter) system names he mentions.
Edit2: cross-referenced this with the system list from the missions Jaiotu (and others?) did. Nothing came up except one system stood out as very interesting in terms of meaning: Hecate system "key" Meaning: Hecate the goddess, holding a key, associated with "crossroads, entrance-ways, light, magic, witchcraft"

I'm hoping the system list gets pinned.
Last edited: Oct 5, 2018
Reactions:
Stinja, Scytale, rOmiLaYu and 1 other person