CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Mar 29, 2023
#29,643
meta
1 of 2
adjective

ˈme-tə




1


informal : showing or suggesting an explicit awareness of itself or oneself as a member of its category : cleverly self-referential
"The Bar?" she said. "I know the place. Been meaning to drop by. Love the name. Very meta."—

Gillian Flynn


The meta gift of the year: a picture of a lamp that actually lights up. Designer Finn Magee's trompe l'oeil is printed on plastic, embedded with electronics, and equipped with a cord and switch.—
Karissa Bell et al.


A new comedy about fantasy football, which follows a group of armchair quarterbacks as they try to tackle life. How meta would it be if people started betting on what was going to happen on the show?—
TV Guide


Leave it to Larry to contort public desire for a Seinfeld reunion into a meta plot that chronicles his not-necessarily-noble struggle to pull off a Seinfeld reunion.—

Dan Snierson





2


informal : concerning or providing information about members of its own category
… Slate, a Web zine published by Microsoft that devotes much of its content to what [editor Michael] Kinsley calls "meta news"—news about the news.—

Rick Marin et al.

Given that the coverage of any one search engine is limited, the simplest means of improving the coverage of Web search engines is to combine the results of multiple engines, as is done with meta search engines such as MetaCrawler (www.metacrawler.com).—
Steve Lawrence

Definition of META
showing or suggesting an explicit awareness of itself or oneself as a member of its category : cleverly self-referential; concerning or providing information about members of its own category… See the full definition
www.merriam-webster.com

Read it and weep - Meta-Drive was a hilariously bad cover-up (for reasons I still don't completely understand). Its' possible they were lies to keep Walden in power.
---
Sad News from the Chi Orionis system on September 23rd 3302 as reports that Femi Dakarai, chairman of the hyperdrive-research company MetaDrive Inc., passed away following a short illness.

Dakarai was taken ill the previous week after working tirelessly to secure financial backing for the company. Board members reported that he was working long hours and had been showing signs of stress for several months. An assessment of MetaDrive Inc. by an independent auditing firm appears to have been the final straw.
Beacon: Chairman of Metadrive Inc. Passes Away - EDDB
Beacon: Chairman of Metadrive Inc. Passes Away in Elite: Dangerous
eddb.io

Quirium NEVER existed. The only fuel humans ever used was Hydrogen fuel. This is why Faulcon Delacy had such close ties to Sirius Corporation.

Faulcon deLacy manufactures many of the smaller components in its own ships, and has a well established relationship with the Sirius Corporation, for its hyperdrives and power plants. It is also a big customer of the WCM Corporation - buying its hull alloys from them as raw material.

It still operates a modular system for the construction, which operates throughout their range of products, and all ships are built to a standardised grid system. It has also innovated too - allowing its competitors to use the same system - which has benefitted Faulcon de Lacy greatly, and ironically makes acquisition a straigtfoward process.
Beacon: Faulcon deLacy's Business Relations - EDDB
Beacon: Faulcon deLacy's Business Relations in Elite: Dangerous
eddb.io