Thatchinho
Oct 22, 2019
#12,948
HunterwithGreenScales said:
Has nobody suggested that the reason Raxxla would've been known at all since (or before) the discovery of the Martian Relic, was because of dreams? The "visions" of Halsey and Gan could've been happening for Eons, and that's why the Dark Wheel became so hellbent on Raxxla. The Dark Wheel were once well known for chasing all sorts of legends, and Raxxla possibly became such a big deal because they did the research, and realized many different people from around the different old worlds were all having similar dreams and connected the dots. They maybe investigated and discovered something about these dreams that proved (to them) that Raxxla was no simple dream, that it was a real place, and THATS how to wider galaxy learned OF Raxxla. Eventually the DW realized being so open about what they knew and were up to was a bad idea, and went fully "Dark" and underground so to speak. Eventually the DW themselves faded into mere stories. If this theory is true; then Raxxla could be Guardian related and far from the bubble, as these "dreams" could be broadcasted to the whole galaxy from anywhere. My best guess is its in a distant system, not yet reachable (but not permit locked).
As @Filthymick420 says it’s come up before.

It’s one of the alternatives which remove limitations on the location which I mentioned a few posts back.

Also for reference on the matter:

Galnet News | Elite Dangerous Community Site
community.elitedangerous.com

So, speculation about it happening previously is lore. (Just the ‘speculation’ as lore, not it happening being lore, just to be clear.)

Though a note on that article - most of it is just effectively a summary of the discussion we were having about it all on the Alien Archaeology thread at the time, so whether the article was already planned or was just in effect ‘in-gaming’ that discussion, I don’t know.

An extra bit of speculation to throw in in the context of visions in the history of humanity’s expansion into space. Perhaps these were active things, or perhaps they were responsive to certain events. Certainly the discovery of the Mars Relic is something that stands out as a potential trigger point.

There’s other things that aren’t as obvious though. That lock on the Regor Sector didn’t just get there by itself...
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Rochester and Hanerib