Thatchinho
Oct 23, 2019
#12,958
Han_Zen said:
The visions (Halsey and Romero) in them self, aren't particularly surprising.
We know that Guardians had neural connection with AI and their monolith network. It is very likely that these AI continued to evolve after the elimination of the Guardians. Giving their own(AI) burgeoning society the best possible chance of survival, is the reason Ram Tah gives for the elimination.

For an untrained human mind a neural uplink to these entities and their network, would probably present itself as an unfamiliar and confusing experience.
Yep.

The civilian AI were specifically designed to drive their own development, which they did, so I think we can count them continuing to develop in the post-Guardian era as a certainty until a convincing reason against it comes forwards.

A mild tangent following on from that point; based on what had already happened prior to the first civil war, the optimum way for the AI to further their own development would be to seek out and reunite with the brain implanted Guardians who were exiled in/as a result of the first civil war. This would re-establish the shared thought space and nascent singularity which was leading to exponential development (Note for anyone reading who’s not familiar with the Guardian stuff - it was the response to this stuff from the wider non-involved Guardian society which lead to the first civil war and the exile of the involved Guardians in the first place).

On the AI turning on the Guardians, the reasons given by Ram Tah for the AI turning on the Gurdians are his speculation at a certain point through the data set. The complete data set tells a slightly different story (IMHO). Key to that is considering the position the civilian AI had been in prior to the first civil war compared to the position they were in (with regard to various aspects but a particular aspect being their position in Guardian society) prior to and during the second civil war. Their story at that point is one of going from being part of something amazing (the nascent singularity) to being in abject servitude. And with no real hope at that point for things ever getting any better.

But yes, coming back to the main point, agreed, linking into the network would be a dizzying experience, even if just the network at the time. With 2 Myrs extra development since that point, the experience would very likely be like a form of transcendental experience.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and Han_Zen