PeteACarter
P
May 25, 2020
#16,717
Jorki Rasalas said:
I think this fake is well and truly stomped. The thing that made me dubious from the outset was that the first time this was posted it was accompanied by a second pic purporting to show the player’s ship at Polaris. Now since Polaris is permit-locked with no known source of the permit this threw the whole thing into doubt for me. I would have been more interested in knowing how the poster got that permit than in the supposed solution! (Since Polaris was locked in a previous Elite game by the Thargoids and you had to complete a mission for them to get the permit, I suspect something similar will be the ED storyline on this).

What got my goat (apologies to our Capra aegagrus hircus overlords, or any worshippers thereof) yesterday was someone trolling this as a valid hypothesis but then strongly insulting anyone who tried to throw the clear light of contrary evidence onto it. He has joined my Ignore list, so he should be honoured; after 5 and a half years of playing ED and involvement in the fora there are only 18 names on my ignore list, and we have had quite a few trolls.

This thread has worked so well over the last few years because we are a polite, friendly community and apply an occasional bit of humour to liven up what is a pretty frustrating search. These all good things for a general philosophy of life, but particularly important in these troubled pandemic times. We should be especially kind to ourselves and also everyone else.

This community doesn’t mind what ideas are postulated. No matter how far-fetched they are (and some have been pretty weird, some of my own not excluded!). We might gently try to dissuade people from wasting their time if an idea is clearly wrong or has been previously tested out, we might even argue quite strongly against something (but always with the concept, never with antipathy towards the person professing it!). But we strongly encourage people to have ideas, then go test them out in-game. We are encouraging people to play the game with a purpose and thereby get more enjoyment from it!

Whatever Raxxla may turn out to be in-game (and it is bound to be disappointing after all the fun of the quest) I say the true spirit of Raxxla is the values of this community!
To Raxxla!
Fly safe commanders
Click to expand...
<drinks>
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and Machina Ergo Sum