SergMx
Jul 15, 2023
#30,897
Jorki Rasalas said:
This thread has always provided a useful & friendly meeting point for ideas. We might disagree with something and we say so, we might suggest some improvements, conversely we might agree and support things.

My personal view is that MB had a big hand in putting Raxxla into game, that it did go in, and is still there to be found. Im not convinced that FD “killed off” the Raxxla narrative. I think it’s much more likely that we are misinterpreting the narrative that MB put into the game, and I think the Underworld (that @Rochester has identified) and the Codex and the logo are all down to MB (the codex came out in Beyond - Chapter Four 11 DEC 2018, and given the long term planning involved I feel sure he was the driver behind it). He didnt leave FD in 2017 after ED, he just moved onto a different game, presumably because his work on ED was done. I suspect he finally left FD because he wanted to get back to his writing , he’d had a good few years in FD in game development and was ready for a break.
See the phrasing of his post on leaving ED in 2017, It’s friendly, he was still playing and enjoying ED. He carried on in a different role and was still an FD game Exec Producer in 2019.
Hi everyone, I’ve worked at Frontier now for over 14 years, and in that time I’ve had the pleasure on working on a diverse range of projects. In fact of all the games we’ve released in that time there’s only three I’ve not worked on in some capacity! The most significant of which was Elite...
forums.frontier.co.uk

FD have many drivers to juggle, some commercial (profitability, deadlines etc) and some related to the flow and quality of the gameplay itself. It might be that the old E/F missions were removed because they became obsolescent due to the way the game developed. They might have been red herrings and thought to be too distracting, or they may have been thought to be too obvious...there are many possible reasons. I suspect TDW became a distraction and that narrative was dropped, but that is their prerogative,
My opinion why they removed missions from the game is because now there is a Codex. You do not have to do a mission to find something. The codex reflects found objects of other pilots.
In fact, the picture in the Codex - Finds, this is the very logo of RAXXLA.
SPOILER

P.S. I don't know the correct translation, but in each sector there are RUMORS, for some reason I always have it as the number 0. Why that is, I don't know.
SPOILER
Last edited: Jul 16, 2023