ClaraRulesSpace
Nov 26, 2023
#32,169
Louis Calvert said:
Came across this in my notes. Worth reposting here IMO for those not familiar with it.

Michael Brookes said in the Elite: Dangerous Fiction Diary #1:


MB lists three "known sentient species" here:
1. Extinct Archenar Aliens (Mudlarks)
2. Alien artefact found on Mars
3. Thargoids

This was vid made before Guardians were discovered. Since we know that (1) is a known extinct, and (3) is currently menacing the bubble, then it's possible that (2) is Guardian, the only other sentient alien race yet discovered.

Having said that, if Brookes was writing this now in 3309 then he have #4 listed as Guardian.

But! I think this go a long way to showing that Brookes was thinking that the Martian artefact isn't Thargoid. So that does lean towards its either Guardian or some (as yet) other unknown alien.
Click to expand...
A few of us actually think there might’ve been survivors. There were two conflicts at the end of the species we called Guardian, the first one a group was exiled. They were cybernetic, and the logs actually say that the AI software recognized they were vulnerable and dependent on the network, so it built hardware for them. They are never mentioned again after that. And the war after they left lasted over a century.
The real war that started after this started over the schism between what to do with the AI. The logs say that most of the colonies were pulled into the conflict. Not all of them. Plus when you consider the mass of their numbers after being in space for 8000 years according to the ships computer, there could very well have been refugees. The main body of constructs would be useless because a lot of them were remote controlled. But the AI constructs probably would have developed further. They were sentient at this point. A new life form.
We also are looking strongly at trapezium, and wregoe where are you have a squadron of thargoid ships scattered across the surface between two guardian sites. We believe this is the result of an EMP blast from the guardians sites that slapped the squadron out of orbit and caused them to crash on the surface. The pattern they crashed in kind of looks like this would be the case. And the crashed ships have biological materials in them still which makes them seem more recent than the war they had with the guardians.
We are wondering if the AI or some kind of automatic process that recognizes the enemy technology is slapping them out of the sky. There are many processes we see evident at the sites that don’t seem to ever have been triggered or figured out.
Last edited: Nov 26, 2023
Reactions:
Han_Zen and Louis Calvert