selbie
Nov 26, 2023
#32,170
Jorki Rasalas said:
<Snipped>

Hecate: three-faced goddess of crossroads & boundaries (logo!), key holder of gateways, rulership over earth, sea, and sky, as well as a more universal role as Saviour, Mother of Angels and the Cosmic World Soul, protector of travel and of the crossroads (“trivia” - "three ways"), realms outside or beyond the world of the living. Chthonic and nocturnal character led to her transformation into a goddess heavily associated with witchcraft, witches, magic, and sorcery (whisperer?). Hecate was the "original" and most predominant ancient Triple Moon Goddess (maiden/mother/crone, crescent moon/full moon/ dark moon, Lucina/Diana/ Hecate, realms of heavens/earth/underworld, muse of all true poetry). Some say that Lucina is the goddess of birth, Diana of growth, and Hecate of death. Diana triformis: Diana, Luna (or Selene), and Hecate? In Lucan's work (LUC. B.C. 6:700-01), the witches speak of “Persephone, who is the third and lowest aspect of our goddess Hecate". Graves explained, "As Goddess of the Underworld she was concerned with Birth, Procreation and Death. As Goddess of the Earth she was concerned with the three seasons of Spring, Summer and Winter: she animated trees and plants and ruled all living creatures. As Goddess of the Sky she was the Moon, in her three phases of New Moon, Full Moon, and Waning Moon...(i.e. Luna- Jewel on brow of Mother (Gaia) of galaxies). As the New Moon or Spring she was a girl; as the Full Moon or Summer she was woman; as the Old Moon or Winter she was hag." Graves said the triad to be Kore, Persephone and Hecate with Demeter the general name of the goddess
- systems Triviatii, Hecate

Hecate system is controlled by Simguru Pranav Antal who said “Sol is the birthplace of our race, the shining jewel of our galaxy” in Galnet 14jun3301 . It has 15 bodies

Pranav Antal has “Acheron Interface” neurological implant, though in Greek mythology, the Acheron was was one of the rivers of the Greek underworld & known as the "river of woe", the "river of pain" or the "river of lost souls", so another Underworld link for Antal; his powerplay region seems to be very much the Underworld!

Of course Legacy be giving a very direct hint to look for a cargo pod floating somewhere in Artemis (I'd guess in the asteroid belt)...

Triviatii B has 8 moons? Trivia (from Hecate), according to Wiktionary TII means “way, road, path · trip, journey ...” in Võro ( descendant of the old Finnic/South Estonian regional language), so 3-fold path?

Wikipedia:


Jewel on brow of mother of galaxies (Sol Mother Gaia/Luna)- Hecate, OR Luna (moon) of Earth & Mother Gaia is the mother of galaxies
Whisperer in witchspace, siren of the deepest void - Hecate
Parent’s grief, lover’s woe (death) - Hecate
the yearning of our vagabond hearts (Demeter/Perephone) - Hecate

Edit:
Though Hecate has a mega ship where the permit to nearby Terra Mater can be obtained. Terra Mater is a lawless system, where Raxxla questions can expect frequent pirate attacks, making the hunt quite interesting, especially if you're carrying Trinkets to trigger an Omphalos Rift! Terra Mater is Latin for "Mother Earth", reminiscent of Mother Gaia which could be the start of the toast...Terra Mater has 4 or 5 planetary belts to make for an extended search!
Click to expand...
Hecate has some VERY compelling linkages with the codex and Raxxla.
Reiterating a few ideas from that list:
Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars - Hecate and the 3 Charites / Graces reminds me of the spiralling Triskelion symbolism or divine triad.
Fernweh - Hecate linked to crossroads implies a traveller must make a choice which direction to choose - always giving up one option for another.
Door that is also the key - Hecate embodies the boundaries and the liminal spaces between worlds, holder of the keys that can unlock the gates between realms.
Place that isn't a place - this very much could be a riddle for a doorway or interstitial space in architecture, one that is not associated with being a place (like a dining room), but one that a person can be present within - ie. you can be standing in a doorway, or standing GUARD in this case.
Every fibre in my body is screaming that this means a link to the Guardians, and that Raxxla is either something they created, an unfinished goal (journey), or something the Guardian Constructs made to completely overpower their living creators or even 'steer' the development of younger civilisations in order to prevent another Guardian 'infestation'.

Perhaps in order to gain access to Raxxla, you must therefore present the "guardian" with a key that represents the guardian? Just like a guard dog would recognise you as a friend if they detected their master's scent / trace elements.

Of course Legacy could be giving a very direct hint to look for a cargo pod floating somewhere in Artemis (I'd guess in the asteroid belt)...
The image could just be an artistic choice by the devs but I remember the black boxes from the old missions had three orbs
SPOILER: BLACK BOX ORBS

On another side note, the red mullet was also significant in the cult of the witch goddess Hecate.
It 'delighted in polluted things', and 'would eat the corpse of a fish or a man'. Blood-coloured itself, it was sacred to the blood-eating goddess Hecate. It seems a symbolic summation of all the negative characteristics of the creatures of the deep. - we know of a certain red-coloured omnivorous species don't we?
Last edited: Nov 26, 2023
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and Jorki Rasalas