Louis Calvert
Nov 25, 2023
#32,162
Raz Griffin said:
It's an interesting theory. If you consider that this Guardian world has a passageway to the Guardian Home systems it would explain many things:

Raxxla is the passageway and the myths around everything it brought in;
The source of the tech used by PF (and perhaps other orgas);
The lockdown near GV/Hen2-333 sectors;
What this alien species was really guarding;
What inheritance human species has;
Why Guardians were added to the ED Universe (they just seem to be another alien species that was added to provide us modules to fight thargoids);

It's even possible to speculate that the founders of the PF had access to Guardian tech for a long time and it might have played a big role in tech leaps over the course of history as the tech was being figured out. It's also safe to say it'd imply that the Guardians exert(ed) some kind of influence or governance in our civilization, secretly.
Click to expand...
I like that idea, it does explain why human and guardian tech are so similar in so many ways. Retaining the 'best' technology for themselves would also explain how the PF managed to retain power for over 500 years!

I think too much time and effort was put into the Guardians for them to be simply a blueprint vendor. We have more lore on the Guardians than on almost any individual part of human society!
Raz Griffin said:
In the big picture the Elite lore would tell us the story that alien was the root of the mysteries all along and it had direct influence in our progress as a civilization (also how powerful the contact with intelligent life could be, Universally speaking), which is a message that has traction in the real world when trying to explain the origin of our species, i believe it may be called the ancient astronaut theories. I'm not sure the lore creators would want to give this final message though, even being a Guardian enthusiast as i am.
That's a good point. It's known that Michael Brookes was very into Lovecraftian horror though, and in that genre the default assumption underpinning everything is that there are unknowable alien intelligences that exist beyond anything we know, and that interacting with them is often the source of madness and/or death. I can imagine that he might like the idea of some powerful aliens that are god-like that have inadvertently or deliberately shaped humanity
Raz Griffin said:
Another point would be, although providing answer to many questions, this theory relies in many layers of speculation, would we have any evidence to back it up?
That's a tough one. I think, for me, there's no direct evidence, but there's a lot of 'evidence by association' that there's been a lot of Guardian-Human interactions for a long time. As mentioned: our ship UI using the Guardian-style triangles when loading, how easily Ram Tah translated the Guardian Monolith Network, how easily Guardian tech integrates with our ships - this includes how we use the scanners to trigger Guardian tech to activate, the proximity of Guardian space to ours, the 'direction of travel' of the late-Guardian expansion pointing pretty much directly towards Sol, the similarity between Guardian biology and social structure to us, the relevance of the 'Guardian Story' to humanity, etc. etc.

The Guardians are so human-like even Ram Tah says they have very similar genetics to us!! At the height of Guardian civilisation humanity was just about entering the 'modern human' era of early evolution, it's possible that we were uplifted by Guardians at that point - as Jorki says, there are many homages to Clarke's 2001 in Elite games, and that's a central theme of that franchise.

What do you think? Is there anything that might be more solid proof?
Raz Griffin said:
Which leads us to another problem in the Raxxla hunting: everything is speculation as we don't have any objective evidence, leads, clues that are lacking investigative work to decode like we have in the Guardian sites for example, we know it's there for sure, and that it's related to guardians for sure, but we don't know what they're doing there.
True! The investigations on this thread and elsewhere over all these years by so many dedicated people have eliminated quite a lot though, and I think we're left with a relatively narrow range of solutions at this point. Sort of like panning for gold from a river - you have to get rid of everything that isn't gold...
Raz Griffin said:
I really appreciate the entirety of your quoted post, the information and the links are very interesting! I only heard about the Omphalos Rift, can you recommend a way for me to start learning about this lore?
The ED wiki is very handy as a starting point although you have to check every source for accuracy, of course. The Pilot's Federation lore is entirely in the Shinrarta Dezhra system's tourist spots. The Dark Wheel Novella text can be found here, though it's not cannon it's been shown many times that Fdev used it as inspiration for Elite Dangerous lore, the sections on Raxxla are very similar to the Raxxla Codex text. I also find the Galnet archives useful, and the actual Galnet posts (though not searchable). There's this spreadsheet collated by the Children of Raxxla which has a lot of info on what's already been checked. This spreadsheet contains a list of all known tourist beacons. The Canonn site is very handy as an archive of past discoveries, including audio recordings and pictures.
Reactions:
Raz Griffin, Edelgard von Rhein and Bushido Brown