Jorki Rasalas
Nov 26, 2023
#32,179
Rochester said:
The question is - how is the reference implemented in game?

The phrase only appears in ED via the older now removed PF/DW missions. Apart from that it’s only other use was from the original Elite games, accompanying story by Robert Holdstock, it was not an invention of Bell nor Braben.

Contextually, that phrases construction was very likely influenced by Holdstocks other works, focused upon these Celtic/Old English mythologies.

Currently, in ED if we agree the Lost Realms zone in game is a Holdstock easter egg, and given their respective relative close locations and shared relationships, I believe that’s a certainty.

These realms by Holdstock’s description are representative of lost paradises, and that the Christian ‘Eden’ taken in this consideration, was likewise another example of a lost realm. In game I believe that collectively that zone in game represents an abstract Holdstockian Otherworld.

FD then utilises two Miltonian references to describe Raxxla. A ‘jewel burning on the brow’ and the direct Milton quote about a ‘pendant world’. Together these describe the Miltonian concept of a model universe, hanging from the mountainous walls (brow) of heaven.

If Raxxla is in this zone then I believe Brookes, designed Raxxla to be another direct Holdstock reference, but he merged it with his own love for Milton; Eden as an Otherworld.

This pendant model of Milton’s had access to two portals at its zenith, one was to the gates of heaven via a retractable stair case, the other was a portal down into the interior of the encapsulated universe. That portal had no direct name, other than being a no-place situated close to the Jasper sea, the waters of creation.

The textual reference of a door/key/place/not place; I believe fits perfectly with the above Holdstockian and Miltonian concept of an Otherworld.

If this is true, and taking the perception that we now have the eyes to see this Holdstockian Otherworld, what clues exist in and around that Lost Realms zone which might illuminate Raxxla against them, or which might direct us towards it?

Holdstock talked of portals and passages to various realms in his works, particularly Ragthorn, which reflected upon the Celtic concept of Thorn trees as accessible points, or of triad goddesses, acting as guardians. In one passage he identified a missing alter, or key, which literally was a door.

Spacially when I’ve mapped these zones they do converge, logic e we oils indicate a focal point ought to be the zone of interest, but I’ve of late not found anything (in Legacy).

Is the Otherworld as a whole ‘Raxxla’; is it below this zone, hanging from its walls; is this zone simply representative of a collective ‘afterlife’ and Raxxla is actually above it, upon the path Persephone trod, of the fall of Satan, is it higher up, past Chaos, and hangs in the heavens still, below heavens brow!



I believe this phrase still has relevance in game, but how?
Click to expand...
He put Eden at the end of a long journey in Alpha Centauri...but perhaps something needs to be done to open the portal?
Reactions:
Adel