Louis Calvert
Nov 26, 2023
#32,180
Rochester said:
Is the Otherworld as a whole ‘Raxxla’; is it below this zone, hanging from its walls; is this zone simply representative of a collective ‘afterlife’ and Raxxla is actually above it, upon the path Persephone trod, of the fall of Satan, is it higher up, past Chaos, and hangs in the heavens still, below heavens brow!

A place that is not a place, a door that is also the key

I believe this phrase still has relevance in game, but how?

This a very interesting idea indeed: Raxxla isn't a place (i.e. a moon or planet), but it's many things (i.e. a star system or group of star systems).

Brookes said "Raxxla is something different" in relation to Founder's World being called Raxxla, and Braben said "You don't know what it is though".

Both of these phrasings are interesting since neither suggest planet. If it were a planet, they would more likely have said "you don't know where it is", or "Raxxla is somewhere different", for example. I think these replies indicate that they simply don't think of Raxxla as being a planet or moon.

Interestingly this codex paragraph:
"Several versions of the Raxxla story mention an alien artefact, the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed. "
Doesn't actually say the Rift is on Raxxla, or anything like that, it simply says the "alien artefact" is mentioned in some versions of the "Raxxla story".

In the Raxxla Codex we're encouraged to consider Atlantis, El Dorado, and the Kingdom of Prester John. Each of these locations isn't real, and each is essentially the end product of ancient legends that have been taken out of context and/or mistranslated/misunderstood. They could be said to be "places that aren't places".

Raxxla 'isn't what we think it is' could be the meaning behind this - and I think most of us would be surprised if Raxxla turned out to be a certain collection of stars.

I suppose... what if there was a particular collection of stars, and it were possible to find the centre of that cluster - the navel? That might be described as a 'place that isn't a place' too.

The Raxxla logo is essentially a depiction of a centre-point, having the icon for the Omphalos stone in the middle of it, being located in the centre of the logo, etc. If "Raxxla" is some... array... of things, and the "Omphalis Rift" is the centre of that array - given the limitations of ED at the time of launch, what could that be other than celestial objects?
Reactions:
Darrack and Rochester