CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 26, 2022
#28,074
Rochester said:
In regards to numerology I’ve not delved into that particular maelstrom.

Again the Yggdrasil Conundrum; now renamed the Milton Conundrum was put together via interpretation of the Tau Ceti location and date as a simple area of influence (that comes from a previous life in GIS) then looking at what else was there, and looking for correlation.

I then found something interesting about the position of Pandemonium, which I can’t attest as being intentional or projection.

Nothing in regards to numerology I’m sorry to say.

A quick dive and the numbers three and nine are significant in Norse mythology and Germanic paganism. Eg the three Norms. These are the ‘muses’ Odin seeks in his journey (that’s one version of it, there are others) these galls sat around a well - of which is deep and fathomless!

Regarding Milton I know of no known definitive link to numerology, if there is it’s likely contemporary.

Back into the point of “it’s a little bit silly” I respectfully disagree. In a previous life I was a ‘transcriber’ working verbatim. In my professional opinion, he is addressing Ed directly and effectively giving him a polite dressing down; I slowed the audio and transcribed it, the inflection in Ed’s voice is very telling, as I’d the interactions between the two - I did post that here some time ago… In my opinion I t’s in regards to not knowing the order of questions, and that question was actually a surprise. I’ll eat my hat on that point.

If given Shrouds insight that Braben was not concerned with Holdstock, but Brookes was, and Brookes was intent to develop Raxxla as a story played out in game; Braben’s reaction could be interpreted - in this new context - as more like disregard! It didn’t concern him, which makes it Brookes?

I don’t know if or how that helps, probably it f does not, we are slowly steering into speculation.

Back to the World Tree of the Chatti; the Germanic Saxons did use ‘hexagonal’ shields!
Click to expand...
In Elite Dangerous, there is definite repeating theme of triples (this even show up on materials collection as you get 3 of that type of material). Insofar as the mythology connection, triple deities is a definite thing that shows up in Elite Dangerous. This actually predates the Abrahamic religions and comes from the concept of mother, daughter, and crone and father, son, and elder/sage. Also, we have 3 intelligent species: Guardians, Humans, and Thargoids (and yes they are in that specific order on purpose). I personally suspect this is actually intentional.

Triple deity - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

Nondualism - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

This goes further as triples are important as it represents non-dualism. I cannot quite explain it without you being fully aware of the religious group that seems to run the Federation (potentially linked to The Dark Wheel - though explanation on that is exceptionally long and complicated). Details are in beacon "Revised Catholic Mission" around Cooperworld in Aymiay. Symbols for non-dualism are also prevalent on our ships and in stations. Much more detail is in the First Encounters journals. They basically became something similar to the Gnostics of ancient Earth. The groups has locations in Aymiay, Beta Hydri, and Olympic Village, Mars.
Last edited: Nov 26, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert