Rochester
Nov 26, 2022
#28,072
In regards to numerology I’ve not delved into that particular maelstrom.

Again the Yggdrasil Conundrum; now renamed the Milton Conundrum was put together via interpretation of the Tau Ceti location and date as a simple area of influence (that comes from a previous life in GIS) then looking at what else was there, and looking for correlation.

I then found something interesting about the position of Pandemonium, which I can’t attest as being intentional or projection.

Nothing in regards to numerology I’m sorry to say.

A quick dive and the numbers three and nine are significant in Norse mythology and Germanic paganism. Eg the three Norms. These are the ‘muses’ Odin seeks in his journey (that’s one version of it, there are others) these galls sat around a well - of which is deep and fathomless!

Regarding Milton I know of no known definitive link to numerology, if there is it’s likely contemporary.

Back into the point of “it’s a little bit silly” I respectfully disagree. In a previous life I was a ‘transcriber’ working verbatim. In my professional opinion, he is addressing Ed directly and effectively giving him a polite dressing down; I slowed the audio and transcribed it, the inflection in Ed’s voice is very telling, as does the interactions between the two - I did post that here some time ago… In my opinion it’s in regards to not knowing the order of questions, and that question was actually a surprise. I’ll eat my hat on that point.

If given Shrouds insight that Braben was not concerned with Holdstock, but Brookes was, and Brookes was intent to develop Raxxla as a story played out in game; Braben’s reaction could be interpreted - in this new context - as more like disregard! It didn’t concern him, which makes it Brookes?

I don’t know if or how that helps, probably it does not, we are slowly steering into speculation.

Back to the World Tree of the Chatti; the Germanic Saxons did use ‘hexagonal’ shields!
Last edited: Nov 26, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert