Louis Calvert
Nov 26, 2022
#28,062
Rochester said:
Wow that’s brilliant grand job O7, I’ve barely moved an inch since last week granted I am distracted by other games at present.

I think if the site at Delphi was relevant then the site would be hexagonal, not octagonal, and the inner design ought to have very ‘obvious’ design similarities. This absence is telling.

Still there is the correlation of Delphi - Oracle - Donars Oak (link to Zeus)…. Unless Delphi is telling us to look elsewhere?

Donars Oak being a very peculiar name to be utilising… again an axi-mundi. You have Greek mythology mixed with Saxon mythology.

Donars Oak, t!he World Tree of the Chatti
Click to expand...
I agree. I don't see anything about that specific site that seems significant! Defo worth a look though.

You mentioned Taranis in a previous post, and it's well noted that Thargoid-stuff is Greek-myth named: Cyclops, Hydra, Basilisk, Leviathan, Titan, etc.

Aegis stuff seems to share the Greek myth naming structure: Aegis itself, Alexandria (Megaship), Delphi (Aegis Research home base), Operation Andronicus in 3303, etc.

I assume narratively Aegis (or those involved) are naming the Thargoids, and that's why. The Codex text came after Aegis and the Thargoids were firmly embedded, which to me means the naming convention wasn't coincidental. You're totally right in that the "Omphalos" specifically links only to Greek Myth, plus "the siren of the deepest void" is likely a reference to the Odyssey's sirens, 'Cora' from Art Tornqvist's journal is another name for Persephone. These references do seem to be linking Greek Myth with the Raxxla hunt, and Greek myth is already heavily embedded into the Thargoid story - so it seems hand-in-glove tbh. Edit: meant to include here that "mother of Galaxies" could be Cassiopea (who game birth to Andromeda), or Hera (in Greek Myth the Milky Way is her milk, spilt while feeding Heracles), so in away she's the mother of the galaxy... sort of.

I've no idea where to go next tough with the Thargoid connection (other than the permit locked system revealed by the Spiralling Stars of the Thargoid 'map')? any ideas welcome!

The Wiki page suggests that Donar's Oak was the first Aegis starport built - which would certainly be strange considering The Oracle fits the naming convention better?! The wiki does have quite a few errors though.

Does anyone know whether The Oracle or Donar's Oak was built first? I honestly can't remember that far back

Incidentally, the Raxxla logo is all 6's (6, 6 sided shapes, 6 gaps between them), does that mean anything to anyone? Rochester is there anything in your Yggdrasil/Milton research that makes sense of '6'?
Last edited: Nov 26, 2022
Reactions:
Rochester