LumpTheNoLeggedDog
Mar 18, 2022
#25,753
Jorki Rasalas said:
From the in-game codex entry for Raxxla:
“Several versions of the Raxxla story mention an alien artefact, the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnelthrough which parallel universes can be accessed. These details, however, were later shown to bear a striking resemblance to the children's story Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars, and soon lost credibility. Undaunted, some Raxxla seekers insisted that the story's author had cunningly concealed facts about the mysterious locale in his book as hints for those with eyes to see.”

Now a lot of players have assumed this reference meant the IRL book by Sir Phillip Sydney “Astrophel and Stella”. I did dip my toes into that hypothesis (Stella, his inamorata, had “two black eyes” which I thought suggested a binary black hole pair, and consequently I dived into many of those!), however I no longer believe that is the way to solve this paragraph (which I take to be a meaningful clue). We do not have this mythical book, so how can anyone use “eyes to see” the clue(s) contained therein? All we have is the book’s title, ergo the clue(s) must be contained in that book title!

I am currently listing the star systems with increasing distance from Sol whose names are anagrams within that book title. I’m up to 64ly & have 90+ system names so far! This, I think, is encouraging! I suspect FD have done the same acronym search and used that as the basis for applying system names, more obscuration. IMHO there are just too many solutions so far for this to be happenstance! The implication is that Raxxla should be located within one of those systems, however unless there is a clue which tells us we’re looking for then we’re still tilting at windmills, since I’m convinced Raxxla is either hidden (as in difficult to trigger it to instantiate), or disguised as something quite ordinary.
Click to expand...
Well, that is why I want to know origin of this picture. I know it is not Astrophel and Stella. This pic have the clue "eyes to see" and I know what it is. I will be busy for next few days fighting against Sirius invasion of Old Worlds but once I'm done I will find something, I already checked and I definitely have something.
Last edited: Mar 18, 2022
Reactions:
Adel