CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Feb 12, 2024
#33,370
Han_Zen said:
Always good to keep it simple. Just remember that supercruise wasn't available until about 3300. The DW toast is much older.
Actually, not true see generation ship Venusian which mentioned a ship initiating supercruise and vanishing. Additionally, the FFE journals have supercruise developed explicitly to hunt asteroid sized objects moving at relativistic velocity.

JOINT VENTURE ON ASTEROID DESTRUCTION
J.F.

After the success of the Institute of TTT on Atlantis (Canlada), it is heartening to see that the Federation has Been persuaded to join the Empire in another joint venture. The Deep Space Detection Group is designing new methods of finding, pursuing and destroying asteroid sized objects in deep space. These objects are normally difficult to track simply because space is so big. Using advanced sensors developed in the Imperial laboratories our scientists can already track objects out to the fringe of the Oort cloud. Unfortunately beyond this point the plethora of targets confuses current techniques, and as many of the so-called Bubble-arks are already within the clouds, it is thought that Federation processing techniques might improve matters.

Our scientists are willing to share the important part of their research in exchange for the minor improvements brought about by Federation involvement because the Bubble are a threat to all mankind. We have had our differences and even wars with the Federation.

This does not mean that we cannot co-operate when a disease like the Bubble-arks needs eradicating.
Click to expand...

JUMP TECHNOLOGY IMPROVED
J.F.

Based on a proposal initiated from the Palace itself, new methods of speed matching by ships in near-system space are being developed by the Imperial navy. Current jump technology means that rendezvousing with conventional vessels moving at steady one G acceleration has proved difficult. Progress is being made and before long any vessel in Imperial space can expect to find itself boarded no matter what evasive action is being taken. The Empire cannot afford to allow pirates or Bubbles to operate with impunity within our borders.

I suspect Venusian was intercepted some point in 3200s. There's another journal about a pirate lord hijacking a generation ship (or Bubble as the Imperials liked to call them).

It is actually entirely possible that still jives with the official FSD launch in 3297. There sadly aren't dates in the Venusian logs. That said, it is also within the realm of possibilities this goes back to the 2900s given Stardreamer timeline. Yes, Jagged Bbanner is in Elite Dangerous and other official sources. Also, the Hope system with Ol' Currie is Gateway / Oltiqu with New Chernobyl station so Wiccan Ware Race is canonical.
Last edited: Feb 12, 2024
Reactions:
Quaero and Han_Zen