Eckee
Feb 5, 2019
#5,771
Beng_Ammon said:
I agree. I still think we should be sniffing around for some in-game deserted base or crashed ship that has logs that give more insight on the children's book. a bit harry potter-esq, but it could be a tip of the hat.

I also think the years of things are mentioned so much, because we have to figure out some planetary/star movement based on how long something has been. Might lend some creed to the theory that we won't be able to select it from the galaxy map, and isn't able to be "stumbled upon" in typical exploration fashion.

I also think Raxxla is independent of The Dark Wheel. We should be searching for both, but be sure not to mix up clues about TDW, and Raxxla. I amalso not sure how much Drew Wagar knows, so I don't think his books should be considered for Raxxla. (Though I do think he knows about "The Dark Wheel", he is extremely careful when answering questions about TDW, but when answering about Raxxla, it is pretty clear he doesn't know much of anything.).

There is a video that supports that on ED's youtube. During one of the first Lore videos, the main guy stated that they had 3 authors that worked the story for the Kickstarter with Braben, and that once they got the funding, they helped integrate a lot of Braben's and the teams game storylines, into the actual game lore. They also talk about previous games:

It seems they tried to get a lot of the last 3 games in here. Some big differences being around distances between the stars in this game vs the earlier ones, and having to work around that both story/lore wise and technically.

I encourage all Raxxla hunters to Watch the "lore series" on ED's channel, back when the game was first being developed. I don't think there is any "raxxla" specific clues, but I think it gives a lot of insight into what is lore, not lore, etc. as well as what they were thinkingas the game was being developed. You get hints about the thargoids, guardians, etc, its pretty eye-opening now that we know all that we currently do.
Click to expand...

Yeah, but despite Raxxla and TDW being totally different things, I think the path of finding Raxxla starts with TDW. It’s just a hunch, but I have experience on many games over 15 years, I’m pretty confident with that possible game/story design choice. So my focus is on finding TRDW after getting Elite on combat.

I also completely agree with you on that last paragraph. You need to understand how said developer do things in order to read between the lines.
Reactions:
Rochester