Vetinari
V
Nov 17, 2020
#19,728
Tourist Beacons have been bugged but not heard missing text before so may be a new one. Traditionally they just so fast you cant catch them even if you try an ambush and wait for them.

Crimson Echo said:
(passenger missions like sight seeing missions seem to be how the game intended player to find lore stuff if they did not already know where to look.)

'You have to make some things kind of obvious so players know what they are doing...'.....'For those with eyes to see'...

BTW The Dark Wheel are now in Lave and fighting for survival in CZs if anyone wants to help out. Never thought in 1984 Id ever see the day that the Dark Wheel were in Lave. Also they are in Arque...with Palin....who iirc got attacked by Salome who may have been acting for DW at the time or may not....so not sure how happy he is atm either.....just couple of places to keep an eye on as ideal circumstances for a lore response, doesnt mean there will be one at all, no reason to think there will be, just its ideal and could happen.

And Ive got a side project about a possible missing abandoned base, I know something has bugged out, I know Frontier have confirmed the bug and given the 'correct' information, I also know they gave the wrong 'correct' information the first time they responded before it got 'cleared up'. Im just not sure we've got all the info or the correct info at all and there may be something else out there. I know others have looked originally in 2017 before getting the 'correct' info from Frontier, Im also pretty sure some systems havent been visited with an FSS. I shall waste my time there for bit to rule it out. Its probable almost certain theres nothing there and the whole thing was bugged from the start and not meant to be. But its a smaller search area than 'its in the Milky Way' for Raxxla.

Whats everyone else doing? Whats your latest mad idea or 3am enlightenment that made so much sense at the time?
Reactions:
Hanerib, Adel and [PS4] Filthymick420