Spike78
S
Jul 26, 2020
#18,064
Vetinari said:
Is there a source nearer the time, as in someone said it immediately after LaveCon, I mean I imagine it would have been pretty big news and reported widely by quite a few Cmdrs at the time, it must have been a real buzz at that time so there must be a video or blog or something thats not possibly a false memory. Speaking as a historian who likes to authenticate things, ie when did this rumour / story start, at and immediately after LaveCon or 6 months after?

And another Cmdr says he heard it but never went to LaveCon so cant have been there, which means it was apparently said twice on 2 separate occasions and yet witnesses are few and far between?

And also means MB was pretty dumb to say, its in the 0.01% of the Galaxy you have explored, just retrack and scan properly, its in an unscanned system so even more of a clue and then to say it twice! Doesnt really tie in with the rest of the fdev message does it? I don't think MB was dumb, I dont think he said it.

No comment = Im not going to answer a million and one questions about a game I used to be involved in, so I'm not answering any. Take a hint. + NDA about ANYTHING not already revealed/discovered in game just means hes being professional.
Click to expand...

It wasn't said in public, it was said in a private conversation and the dudes that heared it happened to be near. At least that is what they telling us. But even if it is true it doesn't in any way help us. We don't have a complete list of all systems that were visited, and even if we would have, organizing people to revisit them all would almost be impossible. So the whole discussion about it is completely irrelevant. Also no it wouldn't even prove that it is in a non permit locked system, since we don't know who the CMDR was and what permit locks he obtained. This includes permit locks that might be obtainable but we don't know how.
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, PeteACarter, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person