Jorki Rasalas
Nov 1, 2023
#31,887
Edelgard von Rhein said:
When you get your first Elite ranking you get an inbox message of congratulations that also informs you that you have been granted the Shinrarta Dezhra permit, which simultaneously shows up in your list of permits.

The Dark Wheel missions referred to were Elite-ranked, which back then meant that you had to have a specific Elite rank to accept them. There was one that required exploration rank, one for trade and one for combat. It was not only The Dark Wheel that issued these missions and I could see them pop up anywhere. Now that I think about it, they were labelled Elite or Founder, so if you had been classed as a Founder, then you could have taken them at any time.
(As I reached Exploration Elite in early August 3301, it was in time for me to take many of the exploration missions (they were data courier missions and paid about 1 million Cr - much more than any other courier missions at the time) ).

I think Louis Calvert makes a very good point that our perception of what induction into The Dark Wheel is like is skewed by our long experience. That view, of the in-game journey leading to Elite rank and then everything, lore and otherwise, in Shinrarta Dezhra is a possible interpretation of what that could be. The catch, as Emperor says, is that it leaves unanswered questions about The Dark Wheel base and what they know, and don't know, about Raxxla. I also feel that there is still more to discover. We could just be unlucky: the Great Raxxla Potato Hunt has now scanned more than 75% of all systems within 200LY of Sol. It could also mean that there are more conditions for discovery... .

(Also, to answer a question about the ELW in an uninhabited system I encountered recently, it is only unusual for its high surface gravity of 1.37g. The atmosphere is a humid 2.4% water but comfortable 0.68 bars pressure, decent oxygen %, 287K surface temperature and it is tidally locked.)
I started engaging in the ED universe too late to try the E/F missions, by the time I'd got to Elite rank those missions had disappeared. However reading the descriptions of them from Macros' OP it seemed to me that they were given by the Pilots' Federation at Jameson against the interests of The Dark Wheel. This started me hypothesising that this was the "real" DW acting against the"false" DW- the Tourist Beacons tell us that DW is a faction within PF, and when I first got into Shinrarta and visited the TBs there it was evident that there were numerous spellings of Pilots' Federation, which struck me as so odd that it must be intentionnal. I speculated that this was a hint to those different factions and hinted that we needed to get allied with the "real" DW to progress that storyline. This fitted with the fact that you get separate Allied achievement statements through entering SD, Thargoid bashing/Rescue missions, etc. Drew Wagar had his Premonition story explicitly talk about "wheels within wheels" and false versus real DW, which must have all been approved by Michael Brookes so it must have fitted with MB's ideas of the game lore. I reported those ideas way back and I think those E/F missions were part of the storyline (though possibly as obfuscation). However we have seen the correction of those PF spelling differences, the removal of those E/F missions, and the failure after 8 years for anyone to report any progress with the Dark Wheel. So I think that the DW storyline was removed from the game when MB departed and the game focus was moved completely onto theThargoid War.

I still think Raxxla is hidden in game and is likely a tribute to Holdstock, so it will be a location of some value (possibly in Credits but more likely from lore value), but is hidden on the FD server until it's download is triggered by some lucky pilot finding the "Omphalos Rift" trigger event. While MB had a great love of Milton and Lovecraft I am personally doubtful that he would have buried Raxxla too deeply behind Miltonian lore. I suspect the most obvious clue is his tattoo, which was undoubtedly quite a painful experience so I suspect that it was not about a forthcoming story which he apparently never wrote, but about the one he had written- Raxxla within ED! That tattoo shows a journey through the Underworld, starting with Triton, then Styx, descending down to a muddle of various depictions of Lovecraft and Miltonian ideas, then rising up on the right hand side through the gates of Paradise to Eden. Now some of those figures are represented by in-game systems, and I suspect you have to undertake the journey in the correct order of systems to trigger the Omphalos. Eden is around an hour's flight within Alphi Centauri, which has always struck me as a bit odd but would make an aptly testing final part of MB's "personal journey". Of course get one system wrong and the whole journey would be nullified- so a very difficult test indeed. And there's obfuscation there too -e.g. is the starting point the Triton system or the Triton moon in Sol? MB had an in-game character quote in an early Galnet that "Sol is the birthplace of our race, the shining jewel of our galaxy”, so was that a hint by MB to the start of the journey?
Galnet 14 June 3301 https://news.galnet.fr/simguru-offers-to-share-tomorrow-today/

Shining jewel is the first part of the alleged toast, then it goes onto whisperer in Witchspace (in Paradise Lost Satan whispered to tempt Eve and Satan inhabited the Underworld/Witchspace), death is the cause of Parent's grief and lover's woe (death is the start of the journey into the Underworld) and Raxxla is the yearning for Paradise...
Reactions:
Rochester, Shadowsnog, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person