CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 31, 2023
#31,885
Emperor said:
If you believe any parts of the Codex then I guess you have to believe the others until it's ruled out as an option and as "the original group was based in a disused starport orbiting the eigth moon of an unamed gas giant. The station was toroid, hence the 'wheel', and operated with minimal power output so as to avoid detection, hence 'dark'" then it's their station I am looking for and rule out if there's any link to Raxxla...


2. "A while later you get awarded the rank of Elite by the Pilot's Federation (after much adventuring) This matches the Codex "revealing their true identity only once a suitable test of courage and skill has been discreetly administered, and passed". You find you've got a permit to a mysterious system named Shinrarta Dezhra.
I am pretty sure the disused starport is not one but multiple starports. We are given details on them in the closing paragraph for Brewer Corporation discussing the Nostrum starports. Additionally, the official novel Wanted discussed the most famous of the Nostrum starports - Black Mausoleum in Beta Hydri. The one in Tau Ceti is Ortiz Moreno City. These are the stations that have colloquially been termed the palm tree stations. We know of a small fraction of these stations. They seem disproportionately linked to Frontier gazetteer and Engineers but have been found elsewhere. I do therefore believe the Dark Wheel HQ station is not in Shinrarta Dezra despite that is where Elite CMDRs can retire in peace.

NOTE: These look like garden-variety Orbis until you dock. They are elaborately decorated with palm trees (believe they are Delta Phoenicis Palms as Trade Post in Delta Phoenicis is another Nostrum starport), parks with fountains and walkways, glass covered public spaces. They are Imperial designed so they have a very Gutamaya aesthetic to the design (revealed in Wanted). I still hold out hope that one of these carries some treasure that proves The Dark Wheel's origins (unless the treasure is the palms - which are a natural insectoidal repellant).
Last edited: Nov 1, 2023