Rochester
Oct 31, 2023
#31,883
Philip Coutts said:
The problem that I see is this, space.

As Douglas Adams said:

“Space is big. Really big. You just won't believe how vastly hugely mind-bogglingly big it is. I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the chemist, but that's just peanuts to space.”

So there we have it we are searching in such a massive area that chances of success without at least some breadcrumbs to follow are not that high disappointingly.
The problem of space being too big becomes less troublesome once you rule out all the areas not relevant.

For a long time this has been a significant issue, as no direct clues was ever communicated. I suspect because historically it was to part of a removed narrative.

But I do suppose a bread crumb trial does exist in my opinion that is essentially the codex.

I don’t presume to have interpreted all of it, but I will stake my professional experience that part of it correlates to the Lost Realms. I did not come to this conclusion lightly but from separate perspectives, which converged upon this logical outcome.

If this is a sold clue, then we know where it might be within a scope of reliability. Ruling out a vast majority of said empty space.

If we go further, and extrapolate the codex further, when talking of Cora coming home, is that an allusion towards the myth of Persephone, then as I have established there is a level of probability that these do correlate given the common focal point and relationship links.

If this hypothesis is correct we have a potential key hotspot. Considering the enormity of space, this logically drastically reduces said empty space that we now don’t need to search…

Of course who’s to say it’s no where near this area, but its something at least. Which is potentially far more substantial than chasing hypothetical dark wheel missions FD has confirmed were removed long ago, or permits FD has said are likewise buried.

I could only presume Raxxla ‘used’ to be part of something else, narratively. But now I could suppose, the codex represented a shift, and what it is now is totally different, and I could suppose a retconned version of affairs, all the locations are the same, but the interweaving language may be is now redundant. Raxxla may simply be out there, it’s either a place or a wider concept, supporting or supported by these locations.

There for eyes to see…
Last edited: Nov 1, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Edelgard von Rhein