Edelgard von Rhein
E
Oct 31, 2023
#31,884
When you get your first Elite ranking you get an inbox message of congratulations that also informs you that you have been granted the Shinrarta Dezhra permit, which simultaneously shows up in your list of permits.

The Dark Wheel missions referred to were Elite-ranked, which back then meant that you had to have a specific Elite rank to accept them. There was one that required exploration rank, one for trade and one for combat. It was not only The Dark Wheel that issued these missions and I could see them pop up anywhere. Now that I think about it, they were labelled Elite or Founder, so if you had been classed as a Founder, then you could have taken them at any time.
(As I reached Exploration Elite in early August 3301, it was in time for me to take many of the exploration missions (they were data courier missions and paid about 1 million Cr - much more than any other courier missions at the time) ).

I think Louis Calvert makes a very good point that our perception of what induction into The Dark Wheel is like is skewed by our long experience. That view, of the in-game journey leading to Elite rank and then everything, lore and otherwise, in Shinrarta Dezhra is a possible interpretation of what that could be. The catch, as Emperor says, is that it leaves unanswered questions about The Dark Wheel base and what they know, and don't know, about Raxxla. I also feel that there is still more to discover. We could just be unlucky: the Great Raxxla Potato Hunt has now scanned more than 75% of all systems within 200LY of Sol. It could also mean that there are more conditions for discovery... .

(Also, to answer a question about the ELW in an uninhabited system I encountered recently, it is only unusual for its high surface gravity of 1.37g. The atmosphere is a humid 2.4% water but comfortable 0.68 bars pressure, decent oxygen %, 287K surface temperature and it is tidally locked.)
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, Han_Zen, Macros Black and 1 other person