Edelgard von Rhein
E
Nov 1, 2023
#31,891
Dox Paradox said:
From a pure entertainment and business perspective, wouldn't FD want to build momentum on Raxxla at various time points in game history (ie in the past ten years) if it was something they really wanted to capitalize on? And yet nothing happened.
And wouldn't Raxxla be something FD would capitalize on, if it was the greatest mystery to be solved in game? And yet, they spent real cash building completely different scenarii, instead of making the quest for Raxxla some multi-layered enigma with hard events like they did for any other narratives that happened in game. Not necessarily to reveal anything. But just so people can engage in this narrative knowing it is supported by FD as a quest, and not dead codex lore.
Not even a damn lost relay or ship or log in YEARS, that would mention that Raxxla is actually something solvable or that the Dark Wheel is active in the galaxy. Not even a Galnet news that some efforts are being conducted by (idk) some powers or research lunatics or anything.
Not a proof as something doesn't exists in game of course as it cannot be disproven by the players, but only by FD themselves.

To make a long post short: I find troubling FD apparent lack of interest or support for this quest line, if it is actually one.
We have had the Brookes Tour, with its sequence of Tourist Beacons starting in Artemis, culminating in a direct reference to Raxxla. (With a hint that supports the possibility of it being in the Lost Realms region.)

FD have a very delicate line to walk with Raxxla. It is a great and mysterious quest precisely because we are having to do all the work on little evidence and a wide variety of skillsets and knowledge (both in-game and out) are required - it could be solved by one person but in this thread it is effectively a crowdsourced problem. One hint too many and Raxxla will be found in a week.

The quest has to be hard to be meaningful - and that might also solve another problem: once found it will become the number one ganker hangout in the Galaxy. If there is a convoluted sequence of tasks and achievements, then it will take time for that to happen. (But it will still happen). As for FD making efforts to support the quest with R&D, assets etc. I think that is done by a very small number of people, behind the scenes. The chances of a secret being discovered are proportional to the square of the number of people who know about it. It might get tested by David Braben himself after significant updates and take advantage of new tech but otherwise it is simmering quietly on the backburner - and we are the ones who must bring it to the boil.
Reactions:
Rochester, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and El Saico