Emperor
Oct 31, 2023
#31,881
Louis Calvert said:
Searching for The Dark Wheel?
Loved the read and your comments and made me stop and think

So picking up on some of your thoughts and questions and here's some of mine in exchange

Searching for The Dark Wheel?

1. "Honestly I think we've already found the Dark Wheel home system, and the Dark Wheel itself. The confirmation is that we're told in the Codex entry that fake DW get shut down, and that hasn't happened to the Shinrarta faction (the exact opposite, actually)."

I can't really argue with this, however it doesn't mean Shin Rez is their home system?

However the search I am on is for the Dark Wheel base and/or how to get an invite to The Dark Wheel faction and visit the base legitimately.

If you believe any parts of the Codex then I guess you have to believe the others until it's ruled out as an option and as "the original group was based in a disused starport orbiting the eigth moon of an unamed gas giant. The station was toroid, hence the 'wheel', and operated with minimal power output so as to avoid detection, hence 'dark'" then it's their station I am looking for and rule out if there's any link to Raxxla...


2. "A while later you get awarded the rank of Elite by the Pilot's Federation (after much adventuring) This matches the Codex "revealing their true identity only once a suitable test of courage and skill has been discreetly administered, and passed". You find you've got a permit to a mysterious system named Shinrarta Dezhra. You go there and spend a while reading all the entries in the (previously entirely inaccessible) beacons there; Massive Lore drop containing all sort of previously unknown revelations!

You dock up at the station named for the most famous of all pilots, and you see for the first time you can accept missions from THE DARK WHEEL!

Narratively, that's pretty awesome and does match, approximately, the template established in the myth."

I was one of the ones who accidentally got access to Shin Rez from the start as I was only a Beta backer but shouldn't have access... but FD didn't kick us out most likely as we'd all gone in straight away and it might have caused a bit of a backlash....

To my constant dismay I basically ignored most of the missions from the Dark Wheel back then, but I did do some (too busy using the 10% discount and getting to Elite in combat!)

Is your description how people gain access to Shin Rez who have to get access the intended way?
Is there a message players get mentioning Shin Rez and passing a test or do they just a permit added to their permit list?


3. "We also know that originally there was some sort of special missions relating to the Dark Wheel that were later removed"

You mention the backers who had access, I do sometimes think the many more beta backers like myself poking around in Shin Rez that may have led to the missions being removed as we weren't Elite but we were still getting them...


4. "Personally, I think the Dark Wheel is a dead end anyway. All the lore says they were searching for Raxxla and never found it."

"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!

— Alleged toast of the Dark Wheel"

Is it directions to Raxxla? If so I guess they found it.... but then forgot how to decrypt it? ;-)

If not then you could be right...

5. LFT 509 is permit locked by the PF, but so it Bellica, Alpha Hydri, Ross 354, Mingfu, Witch's Reach, and I'm sure many more... other than a galmap bug relating to star catalogue names I'm not seeing what makes LFT 509 more interesting than any of those others?

It may not be more interesting than any of the others but it's probably the most weird out of the bunch?
a) Missions you can't do...
b) Popping up as weird Thargoid attacks being around some of those you've listed and LFT 509...
c)The 8th Moon of a gas giant being a possibility based on the system information bought in game from carriers when FD hadn't blocked it...
d) That weird galaxy map bug... or is it...
e) Permit being reported as available by FD support? - "So it should be possible to obtain a system permit for LFT 509, but the permit holder and requisites are unknown" - Which kinda doesn't match what it says in game for the permits...

Or it's just a normal system in Elite Dangerous with some buggy code, bad support people, bad devs wasting time/money on developing missions customers can't enjoy, etc, etc... ;-)

Just some thoughts
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, Dox Paradox, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person