Thatchinho
Mar 5, 2018
#1,901
Han_Zen said:
We need to keep our eyes open in all direction, I think.

The latest Gauardian codex transcriptions shows IMO. a suspicious similarity between Guardian relics and SAP 8 Core.

Codex 17 and 18:
17/28 : Technology Log – Relics This data relates to the objects we have termed “Guardian relics”. These blue crystals are part power source, part computer, part key — and apparently played a central role in Guardian technology. Remarkably, it seems the crystals were grown rather than mined. The log is light on details, but from what I’ve been able to piece together, each crystal was designed to fulﬁl a specific purpose within the Guardian’s technological network. And, like the panels found at many Guardian sites, the relics incorporate nanobot technology.

18/28 : Technology Log – Energy WeaponsThese records describe ancient guardian weaponry. It seems the guardians employed three different designs: an energy-based weapon similar to a rail gun, a projectile weapon that fired concentrated plasma, and a weapon that fired charged crystal shards at extreme velocities.These weapons were apparently powered by the crystals we have termed “Guardian Relics”, and the log describes how the relic generates and distributes energy within the weapon. This is a significant discovery, as it means it might be possible to recreate these weapons, or at least to design our own versions of them. It’s extremely exciting.

SAP 8 Core: This container holds a crystalline shard of unknown origin. Scans indicate that the foot long shard is suspended inside a modified, self-sustaining, fusion-core containment field. Any breach of the field will result in the containers destruction.

All the new codex:

With this in mind, just a general reminder that I showed a while back that humanity has had the hyperdrive tech needed to be able to reach the Regor sector and Guardian space for more than a thousand years.

And Regor, being the closest WR star would have been a target for scientific missions, even if only via probes.

And as usual, that permit lock isn’t there for no reason...

And the Club certainly appeared to already know all about the Guardians...