Jaiotu
Jul 7, 2018
#2,910
FalconFly said:
A funny though crossed my mind (after a nice glass of wine, mind you)...

AFAIK DB in the past mentioned (can't find the quote though) that our Ships are the "true stars of our Galaxy", basically what ELITE is all about.

Now with Raxxla being something "unknown" and not necessarily a common Celestial Object or some standard Installation, but possibly something more Philosophical as some suggested.
"A place that isn't a place, a Door that is also a Key"

What if...
- all it'd take would be the ?

What if all those typical Exploration AspX, DBX and Anacondas were just "the wrong Key", the Ship types themselves?
CMDRs trying to find Raxxla in all those heavily optimized, modern Exploration Ships - but maybe it simply doesn't work like that.
A bit like

I've noticed some oddball (almost spammy, but in a nice way) Posters elsewhere in the Forum that keep "advertising" one single Ship : the Cobra Mk.III. The one and only original.
Might be nothing, but it does stand out from the cosmic noise in the Forum.

Additionally, there's GalNet and Ship references :


(Distress Signal from COL 70, mentioning old/Cobra class vessel)


(Theft at Darnielle's Progress, mentioning Cobra class vessel)

CMDR Jameson's Cobra crash site on HIP 12099 1 B -54.3/-50.3 (so it's in-game)


(Curious Developments in Tionisla - signal Transmitted by Cobra Mk.III)

(Cobra Mk.III's Signal partially decoded)

--------------------

Again, that's just me... but the trusty old Cobra Mk.IIIs seems to play a key role in many stories. Despite many other Ship types offering themselves with their well-known advantages and conveniences. But it's like "always the Cobra".
Maybe CMDR Jameson had a good reason to stick with that specific Ship, just as several other Story snippets involving that Ship as well.

So take it with a large grain of salt - but (TL : DR) what if the Cobra MK.III - the Ship itself - was the key?

The first two Galnet articles, the distress signal from COL 70 and the meta alloy heist from Darnielle's Progress, were both plot points from Drew Wagar's Premonition that bled over into Galnet News. It was the same Cobra Mk III in both instances: Luko's. The CMDR Jameson crash sight is probably a reference to Frontier First Encounters and meant to suggest that, unlike the version of events that was most likely to be played out in that game, Jameson was unsuccessful in delivering a cure to the Mycoid virus to the Thargoids. The last two are, once again, plot points from Premonition although the Cobra from these two articles was Rebecca's Super Cobra variant.