Han_Zen
Mar 5, 2018
#1,897
Jaiotu said:
Quite. The Guardians' puzzle can be cracked in a day. The Formidine Rift took, what? Nearly two years? Even then Drew had to spoon feed us the answers. Raxxla? We may be no closer now then we were when the game went live. It is my sincere hope that, if we find it, we find it through perseverance and hard work. I'll be extremely disappointed if they decide to spoon feed us some easy clues to hurry us along. I'd rather search for fifteen years, find nothing and watch them decomm the game servers first.

We need to keep our eyes open in all direction, I think.

The latest Gauardian codex transcriptions shows IMO. a suspicious similarity between Guardian relics and SAP 8 Core.

Codex 17 and 18:
17/28 : Technology Log – Relics This data relates to the objects we have termed “Guardian relics”. These blue crystals are part power source, part computer, part key — and apparently played a central role in Guardian technology. Remarkably, it seems the crystals were grown rather than mined. The log is light on details, but from what I’ve been able to piece together, each crystal was designed to fulﬁl a specific purpose within the Guardian’s technological network. And, like the panels found at many Guardian sites, the relics incorporate nanobot technology.

18/28 : Technology Log – Energy WeaponsThese records describe ancient guardian weaponry. It seems the guardians employed three different designs: an energy-based weapon similar to a rail gun, a projectile weapon that fired concentrated plasma, and a weapon that fired charged crystal shards at extreme velocities.These weapons were apparently powered by the crystals we have termed “Guardian Relics”, and the log describes how the relic generates and distributes energy within the weapon. This is a significant discovery, as it means it might be possible to recreate these weapons, or at least to design our own versions of them. It’s extremely exciting.

SAP 8 Core: This container holds a crystalline shard of unknown origin. Scans indicate that the foot long shard is suspended inside a modified, self-sustaining, fusion-core containment field. Any breach of the field will result in the containers destruction.

All the new codex: https://canonn.science/codex/guardians-codex/
Reactions:
Thatchinho and Macros Black