Rochester
Jun 19, 2024
#34,259
Being devils advocate as usual

There are various ways to approach certain problems. This particular problem is that is a game, with albeit fixed timelines and events which can at first insertion seem (and likely do) have great significance, but whose intended purpose might ultimately simply be unintentional conflated.

It would be nice to consider such a system is perfect and every event includes an all encompassing mythos but, that is open to interpretation, I accept it has limitations and that ultimately some of mythos is ‘esoteric’ or simply evidence of environmental storytelling and not directly interactive.

FD has confirmed they park content, FD has confirmed they inject content irrespective of its environment, FD confirmed there exists content some Devs simply don’t know anything about, or complicated to keep track of and also that certain references made by them are not intended to be literal, but actual allusions to wider environmental storytelling.

The ‘lore’ as Stroud explained also has a set boundary and does not encompass everything from every previous iteration - what is in ED is the lore. So those are our limitations.

Many Cmdrs have at some point inflated concepts because they sound logical or are grounded in science, literature or mythology, in an attempt to make some sense of it all and that is sound critical analysis and something of value when faced with potential intelligence gaps. But we should always remember it is simply projection and might be ultimately wrong. It needs validation, otherwise it remains an assumption, but even an assumption is enough to advocate a recommendation of action, but we need to adhere a level of probability to that, and accept it may be a false lead.

Then there is the Codex, if we accept that FD behaviour identifies that an historical narrative was paused / removed then the codex become the sole repository of everything we ought to need. A good analogy is ‘what would a new player see’.

They only see the codex and the lore presented to them via tourist beacons etc. they should not need to read every aspect of the wider universe to understand nor interact with it.

The lore can inject context certainly and build a mental map of this virtual reality but ultimately it can only be used as evidence if the information within it can be reliably mapped with significant and repeating key information markers.

Again in relation to Jacques, as an example Stroud indicated that we look at the information presented to us in game not necessarily what predates ED.

As an intelligence product, the game data is too expansive to be reliable (in my professional opinion), if it were we would see significant and multiple direct associated links, we do not. Many of these links are assumptions based on fragmentary links based on one date, or one name, or even less. Scientifically such data it too vague IMPO.

For me the events up to the end of the missions were ‘for me’ the initial data, but they were evidently flawed, however they gave us context concerning various mythology and mystical elements, these in hindsight I suspect make no logical sense in game ‘as logical puzzles to follow’ because their original purpose ‘I speculate’ were allegorical or metaphorical and probably meant to inject a background environmental story which probably - if not initially interactive intended solely as an Easter egg…and therefore not part of the grander main 10 year story arc.

I personally believe that encapsulated the mystery - at that time, and it’s plausible that more was to be added over time… but it’s is now nothing more than archaeological - IMOP. But I do believe such architecture does exist in game, but only as scaffolding.

I suspect the codex is the primary data source and that it now is a two part map of that architecture. And that it does tell us what and where Raxxla ‘might be’.

I at present feel the Codex is in two parts, and these identify two keys areas which I speculate Ive identified previously but of course this is only my interpretation, I am open to the possibility my interpretation is false or at a minimum archeological.
Last edited: Jun 19, 2024
Reactions:
Darrack, athulin, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person