Neestar
Jun 18, 2024
#34,249
Rochester said:
The missions we were discussing are those outlined on page 1. The very first in game mechanic linked to Raxxla introduced prior to the Codex.
ok i read the OP but it was weeks ago and i sorta skimmed it because i had just started EliteD

i'll check it out again more thoroughly when i have time yep
Rochester said:
Upon the concept surrounding devs creative practices I concur it does sound counterintuitive. But it does happen.
i remember back in my SWG days , during Pre-cu era , when everyone raged thought ( and accused ) our developers of "lying" to the community about JEDI being attainable ingame. Until someone finally unlocked it and the galaxywide notification msg appeared onscreen "Lord Vader has detected a vergence in the FORCE" . --Still gives me joyous chills thinking about it.

Perhaps "Raxxla" is something similar, in so far as certain RNG parameters must be met and/or stumbled upon.

To repeat: Supposedly only maybe 0.10% of the entire coded universe has been uncovered by playerbase.

How does that ^ stat not at least give hope for the unknown?
Rochester said:
I too know someone in the game industry and they confirmed, narrative arcs do get dropped all the time,
Sure but there's a big difference between changing development themes & directions , and blatantly committing cruel intentional FRAUD upon your own playerbase for 10 years and nearly 2000 pages of this forum thread.

Let's say the whole original Raxxla "narrative" ( and subsequent code ) was totally dropped or discontinued or whatever. Fine. So why then wouldn't 1 of the DEVS ( former or current ) just simply come into this thread and say very politely: "Hey sorry everyone but stop wasting your time on wild goose chase and instead go hunt Thargoids please!"

Again, i just don't see the motivation to betray a few earnest & efforted players in this forum thread , just to what gain a few more 'ARX' money$ every month?
Rochester said:
There is circumstantial evidence to propose this, through posts made by Drew on Discord by the way…
Sorry but who is "Drew" again? A developer long gone? And do you by chance have a link to the "Discord posts" made by him?