Rochester
Jun 18, 2024
#34,248
Neestar said:
In my experience, DEVS ( coders ) much more enjoy having players actually discover what they've worked so hard to code & bury thru Codex & hints.

Sure, they might try to milk the mystery for as long as possible , but they would also want/wish ( obvervationally ) for someone to eventually finally make the discovery real.

i will concede, it's also possible that "Raxxla" might signify something less tangible. Like "the journey" or "the search" or whatever.

But it just seems way too farfeched imo to presume that level of cruelty from Frontier , on purpose , toward their own community.

What would they have to gain? Making a handful of players in a long forum thread waste time or be miserable? Nah . Makes zero sense imo. Because of simple fact that we've only uncovered supposedly barely approaching 0.10% of what they've coded.

i've read a significant amount of this entire thread, but sorry i haven't read all 1700+ pages , so would you happen to have the page link for that exact reference?

Again i'm sorry for being sorta new around here and re-treading old topics , but exactly which "missions" are you referring?
Click to expand...
The missions we were discussing are those outlined on page 1. The very first in game mechanic linked to Raxxla introduced prior to the Codex.

As outlined on page 1 of this thread, it was updated some time ago.

Upon the concept surrounding devs creative practices I concur it does sound counterintuitive. But it does happen.

I too know someone in the game industry and they confirmed, narrative arcs do get dropped all the time, lots of money, lots of investment, down the drain. Sometimes it’s a compromise sometimes not, sometimes poor decisions, sometimes it’s intentional, you see this where a game gets cut up into DLC…

It’s probably not actually that strange a concept to consider because ‘we’ conflate it, FD has expended no energy prompting this mystery.

In fact I was reading old news articles the other day through the initial stages of the game and it reminded me how FD essentially never brought up this mystery… so that feeds into another possibility that this mystery is actually only a ‘sub-narrative’ that originally might have been an elaborate Easter egg.

There is circumstantial evidence to propose this, through posts made by Drew on Discord by the way…
Last edited: Jun 18, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian