Louis Calvert
Jun 18, 2024
#34,252
It is, and always has been, speculation that any mission/story was/is related to Raxxla at all.

It is, and always has been, speculation that there is/was a 'scripted' discovery path to Raxxla.

The famous removed DW missions certainly contained mysterious hints at mysterious things, but there were many mysterious things in the game at launch - including Thargoids and Guardians (then unknown but clearly planned heavily to be major reveals that unfolded over years). The DW missions could have simply been mysterious text intended to seem mysterious - and they were removed because Fdev felt that was misleading.

Some people here always assume a nefarious or mean reason for removing the missions, but it's more likely they were removed because they didn't serve a purpose or were misleading.

As I've said before, and detailed in my post revealing Raxxla, no-one at Fdev knew how the playerbase would respond to the myth of Raxxla. It's literally just a small lore-based easter-egg for the die-hard fans, a myth of the universe that's a nice thing to hunt down, a thing to give the explorers something to look out for, etc.

Many people that post on this thread regularly have built Raxxla up to be something all-encompassing and enormous beyond the feasible scope of the game itself, and it's very, very common for Raxxla Hunters to imagine that every 'odd' thing in the game is intrinsically wrapped into Raxxla in complex ways. There are popular theories being discussed here regularly which contain lots of misinformation which just gets propagated around and around, and well-meaning people with some amazing ideas that seem to blur the line between 'fact' (something that appears in-game verifiably) with headcanonn or wishful thinking, or with stuff from other works of fiction or other games.

This thread has long been more about the conspiracy theory of Raxxla and the inventive minds of those that like to think about it than it is about the 'quest' for Raxxla.

The fact is that everyone can come up with great ideas about Raxxla. Everyone here can spend weeks discussing some cool stuff that Raxxla might be (or thousands of posts over a decade...).

Unfortunately in order to find the Raxxla at some point you've got to stop making things up you want to be true, stop hypothesising about what you think would be cool, or endlessly complaining about how Fdev dropped the ball or cancelled plans for some epic storylines etc. and look at what's actually there in-game.
Reactions:
Han_Zen, Ataxia, Darrack and 2 others