Suhurrat
S
Yesterday at 10:45 AM
#35,769
Since year coming to an end. I just want to add something here. I didn't post since summer. So:

You do not need an elite rank. Problem is permit locked by fdev. You want to get more answers, look at the stations in game. They have been numbered from the beta days, check up numbers. It's a puzzle. When you solve it, you will be
SPOILER: NOPE
, because you will need permit to enter system.

Honestly, I'm kind of disappointed. 2014 - 2024. 10 long years from beta to now. I'm burned out and tired. Maybe now that the war with the targoids is over, they'll take up the continuation of the lore.

So I won't go long and post what I have:

My theory about audio, codes, thargoids, that everything connected from the start - confirmed by myself. All stations in the game are numbered (Only orbital one, right above or around entrance to the dock there are numbers.). But not every station in the game, was hand numbered.
You need to seek nato phonetic alphabet characters, because fdev use them as markers. Thargoid crash sites, formidine rift, static signal sources, listening posts that was involved in old events.

In old games there was space between destination A and B, when you jumping. In Elite, thanks to modern tech and servers, there is none. But the funniest thing was, when Thargoid motherships started arrive closer to the sol, they are litteraly was flying between A and B points. Of course, it's just a trick from fved. And i say thank you to them, since i spend months on that crap.

But...when seven years ago, goids start intercept players, you always spawn in "deep space" sector, without star or planets nearby. From technical perspective, game spawning you just in empty space with goid ship. But.....systems without stars are labeled as deep space too. And when i speak without stars, i meaning no jumping star, that will be point B on your's route.

There is a lot of technical systems like that, labeled as deep space, without star. Most closer to us, 10-16000 ly from above or bellow main plain of galaxy. Fdev use them obviosly for testing reasons.

But...phonetic alphabet heavily used on such systems. So...if you get all info what you need...you can get there.



But the funniest thing over here, that there is a lot of other numbers and letters leading how do you think where? Huh? PERMITED SYSTEMS.

Numbers mason numbers! (meme insert, i am lazy.)

So, if you want to find our beloved raxxla. You need think about it one thing now. Or it's a planet in deep space sector used by fdev. Or in permited systems with nato phonetic alphabet. Good luck with that. But now i am more than, I'm 1,000% sure. That raxxla is in the game, but hidden from the players, because it will be somekind of long term event in future.
Reactions:
Hanerib