Neestar
Yesterday at 4:58 PM
#35,774
Suhurrat said:
You do not need an elite rank. Problem is permit locked by fdev.
hmm , then how come, as discussed above ^^ , players like me with only ONE 'Elite' rank can't see the exact same system 'LGM-1' on GalMap ingame panel-1 but other players WITH 'Elite' rank x 3 can see that same system ?
Zimous said:
It showing to me, in case it's relevant. I'm triple Elite.
Thanks for the intel, CMDR!
mach10 said:
I have reached the 3rd location, PSR J1959+2048. This is a Black Widow Pulsar, the radiation emanating from the pulsar destroys its companion. These are a new subclass of pulsars and are very rare. I believe there have been only 2 or 3 discovered before Elite's release. In-game I have been able to only locate one such system.

The Black Widow Pulsar is an eclipsing binary millisecond pulsar discovered in the late 20th century. It was presumed to orbit with a brown dwarf companion so tightly that the gravitational pull and heavy radiation of the neutron star created a bow shock of material, thus eventually destroying the companion brown dwarf. As of 3303 AD the brown dwarf seems to have been destroyed already since the system only holds a couple of gas giants.


Also, the pulsar was estimated to move across the galactic plane at a speed of approximately twenty times that of Sol. Subsequent pulsars were eventually found with similar features, hence forming their own 'class' of Black Widow Pulsars eventually.

So we have:
the Mother of Galaxies -Burnell
the jewel on her brow -Burnell's pulsar discovery
the whisperer in witchspace, siren of the deepest void -Crab Pulsar with 33 timing matching the Raxxla logo, its millisecond pulsar within a nebula devoid of other stars.
the parent's grief, the lovers woe -Black Widow Pulsar

Here is a NASA video describing a Black Widow Pulsar:



This is where I have leave it for today, more holiday stuff. o7
Click to expand...
Thankyou for posting for Community's sake and the sanity of this nearly 2000 page search thread. And i really hope your journey leads to a RAXXLA "ending" ( with screenshots/video as official proof , if possible ) . Godspeed CMDR! o7
p.s. Can you please answer the question a couple of us have already tried asking you earlier, about whether or not you have 'ELITE' rank x 3 on your panel-1 boxes?