Han_Zen
Feb 14, 2020
#15,223
Crimson Echo said:
A few random thoughts:
Greek Mythos seems to be very important/prominent in the elite universe.
Thargoid interceptor names are greek in origin. Many of the systems & ships in MB's Legacy have greek names (Artemis, Demeter etc). Delphi and Omphalos are also both greek references. It would perhaps warrant a second look.

What might delphi be the center of? The distances to both the Witch head nebula and California nebula are relatively similar.

Compiling a list of systems,bodies etc that have been player/pmf renamed vs those fdev have changed, or intentionally named from the start would likely be very helpful in eliminating naming coincidences etc.

DW mentioned on one of his streams recently about Tianve again so that might be worth thinking about as well. He also made a point of pointing out the old worlds near lave (within ~7 LY) are all in very nearly in the same plane as they were shown in the old 1984 star map.
Click to expand...
The Greek mythos is important in ED. Not just to finding Raxxla, but as a link to distant galactic history. All the ancient myths and religions tells basically the same stories. I have a suspicion that these stories, in the context of ED, were told to humans by extra terrestrial visitors in the distant past. These stories had locations and characters that were not relatable to humans, so they were changed into mythological characters(gods, monsters and other creatures).

Thargoids may represent the monsters of the myths. The wild and untamed forces, that gods and heroes have to defeat. Thargoids mostly hang out in the southern sky, thus having a connection to the mythological underworld.

Guardians may represent the Titans in the Greek pantheon. The early rulers that were defeated by their own children, the Contructs(AI).

According to the Orphic myth, Zeus destroyed the Titans with his thunderbolts(nuclear strike), because the Titans had murdered and devoured his son Zagreus (Dionysus). From the smouldering ashes, mankind were created(modification of human genome with partly guardian DNA).

It's probably not exactly like this, but something in that direction feels plausible.
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, Six6VI, simulacrae and 3 others