Crimson Dawn
C
Feb 10, 2019
#5,864
Sorry hole thing didn't copy, and it continues...
The trade and military union ended when Dark Wheel entered the forbidden Raxxlan territory with a generation ship. This broke the deal that was made between humans and reptiles. Raxxlans arranged clan wars to declare owners of the systems.

Ben Ryder wanted to get his own deals with Raxxlans and built his own gateway in 3125. This was the only known way to find Raxxla without deeper involvement with the Dark Wheel.

The only way to get to Raxxla was to use Ben Ryder's gateway which was located near Lave and Tionisla system. The only way to find the gateway was to visit Lave Station, ask for permission from Ben Ryder and fly around clockwise around Lave system to Tionisla. The trip had to be not less than 7 to 9 jumps before entering the secret system from Tionisla to the hidden system with the gateway.

The gateway itself was located near the last ringed planet where a battle took place against Allied Police force which was trying to get the ring to their use. The gateway has been lost since Dark Wheel hid it in 3126 due a war against Raxxlans.

Technically Raxxlans had a transport system to transfer the planet from system to other systems. The system looked like 5 large towers at both poles of the planet. Therefore it is extremely plausible that Raxxlan planet has been relocated and can be basically found anywhere. Therefore the current location of the planet is unknown.

Micro Bit Computer Magazine 1990.

The reason why I know this. My last game save in 1991 is Raxxla.

Ben Ryder went through his own gateway and disappeared. He was declared dead soon after that. Allied Police force did all their best to find the gateways that were used in the "illegal trade "with Raxxlans. Jason Ryder was assasinated because he was about to expose the Dark Wheels trading system which his actions. The Elites who had retired to Soontil did not want any other power to enter the territory. - Due fact Raxxlans did not want more humans into their galaxy either.

After Dark Wheel broke the agreements, the war against Raxxla began. - To be honest. I was expecting to fight this war in Elite Frontier, but to my surprise, the game continued in Milkyway like nothing in Galaxy 9 happened. Raxxla and all the events around it basically got lost and became these weird legends that echo around. - To be honest... Not many seen the place...

The Thargoid ship on Lave planet was the only hit that something happened. We just have to remember the gateway to Raxxla was actually built from Thargoid Technology. - Thargoids and Raxxlans are in stalemate, they have a solid border between their territories. Thargoidia was in west galaxy while Raxxlans had the East of the Galaxy. Soonjji was located in the "no man's zone"."

Just for fun, i decide to follow the exact steps described. And I suppose THIS was the gateway.... Personally i don't really look for Raxxla itself anymore. When out in the black, i look for mysterious ships, or even better, Jason Ryder's "evidence".