Edelgard von Rhein
E
Feb 10, 2019
#5,865
Macros Black said:
This article https://community.elitedangerous.com/en/galnet/uid/5c5d9d27c9fc306cf10a1310 speaks of a lunar base and not a starport, so my guess is that they're not related.
I also suspect that this article is not related to either The Dark Wheel or the search for Raxxla. The reason is that I see it as being a very good match to the capabilities of an AI, such as the Unit 1 or Project Thunderchild mentioned as part of the GCS Sarasvati mystery ( https://forums.frontier.co.uk/showt...out-megaship?p=5963310&viewfull=1#post5963310 ). (Although I agree with hanerib, I don't think that Unit 1 would attack Eagle Eye, as that is an asset in the fight against the Thargoids).
.
There have been a number of events in Galnet since the discovery of the Sarasvati that are in line with the motivation and capabilities of an AI searching for a hidden research base and this is one of them. I don't know if it was the actual Project Equinox archive that was found but it could be, in which case we'll have to see what Unit 1 does with the knowledge and technology is now has. If this was not the archive, then I feel that Unit 1 must be very close now to this objective. As I understand it, Unit 1 is an AI that was created to help fight the Thargoids but now that AI are outlawed, it seems likely that the authorities will want it dead and to take everything it has for themselves.
.
There are events in Galnet that seem possibly related to The Dark Wheel. Any story about someone going missing and turning up, or just going on extended vacation, could be a sign that they are taking a more active role in The Dark Wheel's activities. My guess is that, right now, The Dark Wheel are stepping up their activities because they are in a race to find Raxxla, against either time or an unfriendly power.
.
In both of the above cases, being able to find hidden bases could be key to our advancing the story. One orbital base that seems to have a certain amount of stealth is the Panacea Medical Centre (close orbit of HIP 17519 A1a), which does not automatically show up on the nav panel - I think I had to map the moon it orbits before it would appear.
Last edited: Feb 10, 2019