Rochester
Mar 9, 2024
#33,550
The Pavilion of Chaos

Re-reading Paradise Lost and recalling how Chaos ruled over his realm of confusion on the edges of Hell, not the centre of chaos, and it slipped my mind Milton had given them a physical domain.

Chaos is described to ruling, like an umpire with his silent consort Night, and a troop of unsound courtiers including: Chance, Rumour, Tumult and Discord; from a Pavilion, which was surrounded and assaulted by tumultuous waters and seas.

A pavilion is technically a small outbuilding, a decorative shelter or even a temporary tent, in Latin ‘papilio’ meaning butterfly or tent. Rather fitting considering.

Given this reference within Paradise Lost, Milton place’s Chaos’s Pavilion upon the edges of Hell, it logically would be somewhere within the lower hemisphere of this zone of chaos!

I’d long imagined the initial path of Jacques out of the underworld, was a reflection on the journey of Satan; which I now propose given its alignment with an axis with Erebus and Sol, is likely correct. Then logically if it’s not solely a singular metaphor, could the author (in game) intended us to follow this Miltonian path. Not to Colonia but upwards through the gates of Hell and upwards.

Could the Pavilion of Chaos exist in game, at most directly as a certain named system/s or indirectly by associated named systems. If so would this help with our orientation. Could it further assist in our interpretation and guide us upwards; better align the hypothetical axis, or simply further affirm this hypothesis?

I presume that part of this boundary zone of chaos is actually outlined initially by Erebus, described in Paradise Lost as the lowest area of chaos. Not too far from this area is the system Nyx, the personification of night, a consort of Chaos!

Could there be other such named systems out there, I’m doubtful it would be so obvious as for instance ‘Pheme / Ossa / Fama’ the personified spirit of Rumour is not in game, and likewise neither is ‘Loke / Proioxis’ the personification of Tumult, or at least not ‘recorded’ at least where Spansh is concerned.

Tyche or Fortuna could be the personifications of Chance, but in game these are too far removed.

However, Eris the personification of Discord is in game, and very close in fact to Nyx, albeit it’s not a system but a body, in the system Minerva. I ought to note that I’ve seen such ‘selective’ inclusion throughout my investigations, this is either of course equally likely an example of pattern bias on my part, or possibly intentional obfuscation on the author’s part!

Satan at the Abode of Chaos and Old Night. 1792-95. James Barry RA (1741 - 1806).
Last edited: Mar 12, 2024
Reactions:
Shadowsnog, selbie, Bushido Brown and 2 others