Rochester
Mar 12, 2024
#33,557
I’m currently leaning towards finding correlations which can indicate a western and eastern alignment. The East holds a very important aspect within Paradise Lost as does the West.

There is a very odd orientational theology, where ‘god’ is the centre, and East and West are associated with hands etc (I’m no theologian) and I believe the concept is that these directions are seen as being in ‘front’, like hands, not necessarily at the sides, because technically everything is in Gods field of view, there is nothing behind them (?). Again it’s an odd situational orientation.

This is a concept some have identified within Paradise Lost, because Milton uses direction heavily in the text to orientate the viewer and establish scale but also a directional architecture to establish his cosmology in the reality of astronomy whilst attempting to marry it with biblical descriptions.

I think the absence of any direct references in game to East and West in the systems I have identified, is intentional. There are numerous examples certainly of systems classically associated with the East not just the West - true, but to date I cant seem able to clearly correlate them.

Which is highly unusual because the North and South aspects of the Greek compass I’ve found do systematically align with many mythological aspects across different beliefs, advocating an upper and lower hemisphere.

I’m seeing a vague correlation of an East and West within the cosmological model two such prominent examples are:

The Morrigans, which given their historical context with the Tuatha Dé Danann etc were attributed to an ‘Otherworld’ that was situated to the West.

The there is Michel and Sopedu which are situated beneath the underworld and the Lost Realms, Sopedu is associated as the guardian of the Eastern gates, and likewise Michel is short for Michael or St. Michael, likewise a guardian of a gate in Paradise Lost, which I suspect could identify the East.

This concept of the east and west being ‘gods’ hands and being in front of them might relate, although I understand contextually there is some argument in relation to Milton about which is which.

As my understanding stands the right hand symbolises favour, where as the left is scorn?

I believe this may relate the compass points of this cosmology. Logically Hell then ought not be directly due South, but possibly South East, logically Paradise ought to be towards the North West.

Either way I feel I’ve established a South / North alignment, possibly with an axis, if we follow the text of Milton correctly then the golden chain is either connected to heaven’s walls on the Western side, as to if that is replicated in game is open to debate.
Last edited: Mar 14, 2024
Reactions:
El Saico