Rochester
Mar 12, 2024
#33,553
The various systems named after deities (or Miltonian archangels) to construct this cosmological model always brings me back to Brookes initial description of his own books storyline - The Space In between. Again I think he has been literal in some respects, in using these fallen angels and older gods (in game) to literally form the architecture for his cosmological model.

The Space Inbetween
A blog exploring Paradise Lost by John Milton and applying AI generated art to a digitised version. Books, reading, understanding, and some historical
paradiselostaiedition.blogspot.com

*The story's premise was to accept both Milton's and Lovecraft's worlds at face value and then explore that reality. And so we have the story of creation, God creates the physical universe we know and mankind falls from grace and despite that evolves to become masters of the stars.

Unbeknownst to almost every living being (except God and a few with special insight) God created the universe from the wreckage of a much older universe. That universe was the domain of the pantheon Lovecraft described in his mythos and the gods of humanity destroyed them in a war that saw nearly every diety also annihilated.

The multiverse is a battleground of competing entities, some powerful enough to create universes of their own, but others use different methods. Our universe was then formed from the bones of the original creators, their followers and the upstart gods lost in the battle. It is their remains that formed the matter and energy we see around us. More than that it also forms the fabric of the universe, the essence of spacetime and the vast voids inside the atomic building blocks.

The intensity of the Big Bang and the continual transformation of matter and energy erased any memory of the dead gods and elder beings - except those fragments in the void. At the height of humanity's worldly power, it develops technology capable of tearing the fabric of space and stirring the reformation of those once sundered. The memories of beings long lost filter into reality and so starts a war of cosmic scale for the possession of creation.*
Last edited: Mar 12, 2024