Rochester
Mar 11, 2024
#33,552
selbie said:
Yes the pavilion was an intriguing aspect to Milton's cosmos that I was trying to match up in the station gardens, but it was hard to make a clear distinction other than the circle in the largest garden - 2 seats = Chaos and night, 4 trees = the four courtiers. However the fact it was not located "near the edges of Hell" weakened that comparison a bit.
Again this is only my ‘academic’ interpretation.

If this area of investigation has any validity, we have to consider artistic license, as I can imagine Brookes chose to omit certain aspects intentionally, so as not to be so obvious.

But who knows; the existence of such names in game will naturally have several historical relationship links - all correct, and their uses although possibly intentional, may not have utilised any commonality; so it’s as equally possible we are not observing the correct context or inflating miscellaneous data that may not have any real context; this could simply be an effect of our own academic pareidolia.

This is why I’m testing this data. I like my hypothesis for the Path of Jacques, but additional corroborating spacial evidence is needed; I feel it’s likely true, but that doesn’t rule out the possibility it’s not utter twaddle.

The gardens observed in game, I certainly believe likewise are a clue, and the Miltonian model certainly is present in game, there are too many correlations for it not to be. Yet Chaos’s Pavilion may just be one of those features which aren’t, or possibly Brookes hasn’t referenced this directly, but utilised this location to correctly place certain named systems, we can’t know for certain.

Again if this is an accurate account, irrelevant of the discovery of Raxxla this model universe still identifies an enormous unsung triumph, which all things considered, might just identify something ‘bigger’ and if true, I hazard the guess that in comparison Raxxla cannot simply be a plain old rock.

Might this ‘construct’ itself, be Raxxla, or at least some part of it?
Last edited: Mar 12, 2024