octred
O
Mar 6, 2024
#33,546
Rochester said:
Oh I noticed, I just choose at that time to disregard it, because I was focused upon another aspect at that time and was conscious I would likely get distracted

My intention was to reference your post but I must have forgot - now edited 07.

Like everything I will look for various relationship links, and here specifically I was looking for other historical links for influencers upon Milton - and this popped up ‘again’.

The ‘chain’ motif - I was not too interested in, nor the alchemical aspect - as there was too much focus upon Sol based bodies; which to me could have pulled my attention elsewhere, however the representation of Dragons was enough to grab my attention - given their respective use throughout the game, with this fresh perspective, I am using this now as a method of critical analysis to reassess the question (again).

Because I think Brookes had been rather inventive and achieved an enormous undertaking in utilising game aspects to bring various theology together.

Your post in this thread I recalled; I had essentially got there myself- via a different route, my confidence in the area was because of the additional context identified via a different direction of investigation, which gives weight to our similar conclusions.

So with this celestial axis, which I am certain is intentionally represented in game, I ask myself - what else is there in this area? Are there any dragons?

In my minds eye, I feel these are abstract zones; of the underworld; of Chaos; and of heaven - all built in game. And that as in Paradise Lost, paradise aka Raxxla exists upon the outer rim of Chaos and Heaven.

The prevailing theme of an axis and associations with the golden chain is drawing my attention to that location in game, and I’m asking what other factors could there be in this area which either further focus our attention, or confirms it?
Click to expand...

In the SOL system, there is currently a rather strange bug (if indeed it is a bug). Near the sun, there's an asteroid field that cannot be accessed. This field is centrally located "inside the sun" itself. Reflecting on the golden chain of Homer and the quintessences:

From the sky it comes, To the sky it rises, and down to Earth it must come again, eternally changing.

And considering the (supposedly humorous) statement by Will Flanagan during a stream to a player, that searching for Raxxla in the asteroid field is a good direction, one could draw a rather wild theory that the asteroid field might be accessible on specific days/hours... This thought crossed my mind once while reading about the golden chain of Homer. I think it is worth to check this out in free time....
Reactions:
Shadowsnog, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and D7