MrShinyTorterra
M
May 28, 2021
#23,489
Oke, so. I think we need a new perspective on this whole Raxxla-situation. First of all, we need to discard all previous assumptions and stick to what we officially know or stuff that is in the books (you never know).

What do we know officialy about Raxxla?
1) The Codex
2) The statement from Drew.

I can't seem to find any other official or reliable source about Raxxla, besides the books but we can't be sure if Frontier sees them as lore for Elite Dangerous.

Something I am also not able to find is a direct statement from Frontier developments, saying "yes, Raxxla exists". If you have any be sure to reply to this.

Assumptions with a pritty solid base:
1) The Codex entry on Raxxla came with the Chapter Four 3.3 Patch note. In that patch note, FD released the new feature to scan planets with the discovery scanner. It is possible that Raxxla is on a landable planet, that can be scanned, and in that way find Raxxla. Or it is atleast a bit safe to assume Raxxla has something to do with that update.

2) The Omphalos Rift.
This is the first time we hear about the Omphalos Rift being on Raxxla. Before this it was always just Raxxla. Is it safe to assume Raxxla was added in the game with that update? Before that artifact there were always stories of Raxxla being in the game, even tho it was NOT in any previous games. So maybe we can assume here that The Omphalos Rift is the first actual clue to where Raxxla is in Elite Dangerous?

3) Drew Wagars books.
Now as far as the books go, we can't be sure Frontier Developments had any thoughts about making those books lore. Now, let's assume they do. I have not read all the books. In almost all sources I have encoutered on my trip to find Raxxla I have not once found a source that told me exactly how to find Raxxla. Except from one: Mutabilis. (You can read the book online for free) In that book they tell us almost exactly how to pinpoint the location of Raxxla. I suggest to read the whole book yourself as I don't want to either spoil anything or fully explain it as I don't understand it fully yet. It comes down to Raxxla being connected to revolutionairy technological inventions. In the book they state 'I’ve triangulated the technology trace locations you gave me, and matched up with reported gravitational anomalies. Here, here and here! There are loads of gaps, but you can get a track of some of it.' Maybe by looking for systems where they, according to the lore, invented new technology and doing something with that will reveal a planet or a system or something?

Something to consider:
1) IF Raxxla is in the game FD have had to code it, make a model of it and put it in the game. Keep in mind if you have a theory on Raxxla that involves you to do something that possibly can't be in the game, it is unlikely. Raxxla has not been found in 5 years, it's maybe safe to say they wouldn't code a whole new thing only for Raxxla.

2) I have never found official proof of Raxxla being in game, being reachable and can be found. Frontier officialy nor confirmed nor denied the existance of Raxxla. It might be that it is NOT in the game and that they just want to keep the mystery up. (Dear Frontier if that would be the case, my rage would be massive. Not only would they send us on a wild gooschase with no actual goos, but they would straight up lie to us, making us waste our time and work)

That being said: On the side note I would like to say that I am not an expert in Raxxla. I only picked it up a few weeks ago. There are people who have been searching for 5-6 years now who know faaaaar more than I know.

If I missed something PLEASE tell me.
Reactions:
Crimson Echo and Exekrator