Vetinari
V
Jul 30, 2020
#18,182
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JORKI!

Dev Diaries - I did watch them all, all the vids on fdev YT channel. Little bits here and there but nothing specific. Then you find out theres a a video of a conference that DB attended where he says something about it or something else and theyre not on the fdev YT channel! So I kinda gave up.

Suotaka - havent been to the system you mention so dunno. But wouldnt it imply either that the author asked fdev for a name of a system in game they could use or vice versa fdev put the system in to match the authors version, like they did with other authors? Reading the spoilers definitely implies the latter, hand crafted by fdev to match the book doesnt it? Good luck though, its always fun to chase these mysteries down.

Mattius101 said:
My thoughts on Raxxla is that, sadly I doubt it is accessable in the game. And tbh with the game in its current state I am happy with this. Here's why....

Im 50/50 on the subject, doubt its inaccessible if it is there though, whats the point of that? inaccessible meaning no gameplay can or will grant access.

Mattius101 said:
Remember
Raxxla has been sought after since 2014 and not a single discovery has been made.

So was the Zuara and that had a virtual arrow pointing to it in a region of space and there were more brute force attempts on that one region than any search for Raxxla. You have to understand how mind bogglingly big space really is. Looking really hard just isnt making a dent in reality. Im headingoff to the Zuara very soon and recently heard as I often hear that the route there will be well explored and go 1500KL up or down to get new systems. I dont believe that for a second knowing we as a playerbase still havent even visited 1 in 100 systems. At the current rate it will take 30,000 years to explore every system, expecting something to happen by next Tuesday or it cant be there and we must be being lied to is a bit extreme when you do the simple math. On average we will find it in 15,000 years, fdev know this full well. Theres no need to put it in a system we cant gain access to. Just stick it in the middle of nowhere, add a backstory that a faint transmission was heard in Tau Ceti and there you go, theres many ways to move its location.....and at least one way to keep its location moving.
Reactions:
Fiera, [PS4] Filthymick420, PeteACarter and 2 others