bluecrash
Aug 4, 2019
#10,239
Jaiotu said:
Ryder's home world

Book: Elite: And Here The Wheel 'So is Soontill. The Dark Wheel has been around for centuries, always led by a Ryder, always hunting for Raxxla; until we learned of the legend of Soontill.

'At that stage [1][Alex Ryder] had two sons: Neptune and Oberon. Oberon believed he could find Soontill. Neptune considered anything other than Raxxla to be irrelevant. Arguments ensued and we split from the Dark Wheel. We followed Oberon and formed the Circle of Independent Elite Pilots with the goal of using Soontill's power to protect humanity.'


Jaiotu said:
Robert Garry is actually a decedent of Alex Ryder

• Book: Elite: And Here The Wheel
'Gunn-Britt Grotenfelt,' she said finally.

'I'm glad to make your acquaintance, Gunn. I am Robert Garry, the-'

'-leader of the Garry pirate clan, a collaboration of scum that operates in the Eastern Systems, preying on the weak, stealing from the poor and killing the innocent,' she said.

--------------------
• Book: Elite: And Here The Wheel
The voice caught him off guard. It was young, high pitched and laced with reverence. He found it, a girl of eight or so, barely a toddler. She pointed up at the statue and he knew the credit coin had dropped. He craned his neck back, following her extended arm. The mutterings became whispers. The crowd gestured toward him.

His gaze reached the top of the statue and there was Robert Garry in all his bronzed glory, mounted atop a pyramid of chiselled rock, attired in a ripped Federation uniform, one foot on a piece of wreckage, one hand reaching for the sky. A plaque was fastened below his foot. Twenty three embossed words. Not harsh or nasty words, but words that would nevertheless haunt him for the rest of his life:

'We were dead in the water. Defeated. Gone. But I heard the screams and we came running. What else could we have done?' - Robert Garry, Commander, August 31st, 3293

There is no mention of Ontiat , as it does not exist yet in the current game.
Reactions:
CMDR Josky, PeteACarter, Scytale and 1 other person