Jorki Rasalas
Apr 21, 2023
#30,073
simulacrae said:
Assuming there is no childrens book and all we have is the Title to see the cunningly concealed facts - assuming we have the eyes for it….

“These details however, were later shown to bear a striking resemblance to children's story Princess Astrophel and Spiralling Stars, and soon lost credibility.”

Bear a Striking - Ursa Major Minor myth
Princess- Callisto is listed as Daughter of king Lyacon
Astrophel - King Lyacon is King of Arcadia (Phillip Sydney work)
Spiralling Stars - a reference to the polar stars.

Aratus and saying that Kynosura is bettor for sailors as north star…. Both were the nursemaids of zeus….kynosura is polaris/ursa minor Helike/ ursa major.

Helice/Helike
Kynosura/Cynosura

Remember when the winking cat made a space station at the true north? Maybe we need to spend more time looking up

Not perfect but it answers most of the clues- ties in princess astrophel to the spirling stars and music of the spheres along with the omphalos … and points us back to the obvious pole star
Click to expand...
I like the “spiralling stars” implication of “polar”

Omphalos-just found this: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omphalos_(book)

But also
I’ve already pointed out many times that a New York Times readers competition named Saturn’s polar hexagonal storm as “Omphalos”

However Uranus was “Father Sky”, not Saturn, and Jupiter was a sky god.
Striking the bear would be Orion the hunter, shown as carrying a club...

Point of all this ramble?
I dont know, the dawn chorus disturbed the dog and then the cat joined in to wake me up far too early. Breakfast coffee has not yet kicked in!


Edit:
Wheel of fate might imply Fortuna, in-game system and goddess, linked to Trinkets of Hidden Fortune, which contain knick knacks & statuettes (&something of value?). AHTW uses a statuette of a god from Grandmort as an important clue...are the statuettes indicative of the treasure within?

Odd that previous searches on Omphaols didnt turn up Bream’s book, but then they didnt turn up the book linked above either. If Bream’s was issued during the kickstarter then it might have impacted the thought processes re Raxxla and its location/nature/disguise....may be worth a read!

Dont think MB’s unpublished Space Between book would be relevant, but Sun Dragon might be-apparently it’s about a trip to Mars.....perhaps shedding some light on the alien artefact? Just bought a copy but not had chance to start reading it.

Edit2: just read the overview of Bream’s book. Clearly we need to get a fringe-matrix-capacitor...anyone got a spare Delorean?
but it revolves around (bad pun intended, I’m tired & grumpy! and off cats!!) the disappearance of Stella......
Last edited: Apr 21, 2023
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, simulacrae, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person