Rochester
Apr 21, 2023
#30,072
Leeloo Catfish said:
I posted the book the other day , it predates the release of the codex by a month , after reading it , I'm very certain Raxxla near or in sol. or Its the start point.
If you look to linclon station , and watch very closely you will see a moving star. in sorounding systems you can see orbiting stars. You need to time lapse capture it . I think its a bug , but would have been cool. I never got a final response after messaging a few Fdev crew. I also emailed the author , but never got a response.
ps sorry for the no embed on the video
Astrophel - The first extraterrestrial dialogue — Stephen Beam
you can get it on kindal for a few dollars . thematically it also fits with the toast



Click to expand...
A nice idea but the book unfortunately predates the codex by some considerable time.

Also I would presume if ‘Princess Astrophel’ was a real book the author would either be Michael Brookes (is it his unpublished The Space In-between or the un-named children’s story referenced in Elite Legacy by Brookes) or even Allen Stroud or at a stretch some reference to Holdstock?

Additionally the wife of the protagonist is named Stella, which follows the Philip Sidney interpretation. ‘Princess Astrophel’ is a female, literally translated as ‘Princess Starlover’.

I still believe the book does not physically exist but is a rather metaphor for some place in game which is acting as a landmark, which when combined with other clues in the Codex, points somewhere, either below the ‘Underworld’ sector or towards Delphi - or even above to heavens gate!

I still feel Brookes unpublished book would be a good fit. It’s a tall order logistically as FD would have had to give some fiscal insensitive to hold back publication indefinitely, this I feel is believable considering his own publishing history and style; although this is pure speculation and from what I can ascertain there are more realistic reasons (don’t wish to speculate out of respect of privacy) why it was never penned. Nether the less such a hypothesis resolves around Raxxla being ultimately narrative.

Considering the construction of the Codex, I’m more inclined to believe it’s a metaphorical clue.
Last edited: Apr 21, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Jorki Rasalas