Rochester
Apr 21, 2023
#30,075
Again with my tin-foil hat on, in regards to Raxxla somehow being linked to a galactic north, I think it’s still a good fit.

Polaris is an obvious outcome, but ultimately in my opinion if true reduces the quest to nothing more than a narrative gate. It being shut off indefinitely by FD who confirmed there was no accessible permit yet available.

A galactic north would fit in with the back tattoo of M Brookes (RIP), as the end chapter looks to be a heavenly gate, and those who know their Milton understand said gate is in the upper celestial hemisphere.

Brookes narrative in my opinion, looks to marry his own description, describing the discovery or awakening of the older gods, an obvious link to Thargoids I would presume, hence Thargod cult. Then the Guardians are presumably angels, with the gate being the end objective ironically guarded by St. Michael, another Catholic reference to Lucifer fighting Michael…?

This heavenly gate, is if given Brookes interest in John Milton is true and accurate, is likely tied to the model universe described by Milton in Paradise Lost.

Now the entrance to Miltons Heavens gate existed upon the outer rim of the celestial spheres…remember, these were references previously utilised in the now removed DW missions!

Now we have to be aware regards Milton this is not true polar north, as Eden was the centre not our North Pole, and hung from Heaven, so technically Milton north could be anyplace in the upper celestial sphere. I’ve not yet been able to establish where that might be. That’s of course if Brookes was following Milton exactly?

Although Milton was very clear about this model universes dimensions he never pin-pointed exact locations, only the distance between heavens gate and Hells gate is known, being that of three semi-diameters of this great sphere.

‘As far removed from god and light of heaven as far from the centre three times to the utmost pole’ JM

So logically if you know what represents Hells gate in game you should easily find Heavens gate!

However it’s all rather abstract. I’ve tried to utilise these to identify a heavens gate in game, but there are too many ways to interpret these dimensions in my opinion, and I suspect Brookes mixed his source material intentionally, Norse Mythology and H P Lovecraft, so if Brookes had utilised this mechanism it literally could be anywhere, upon the upper celestial sphere.

However in my opinion, when you apply this logic there are some very unusual relationships which do occur, that link back to the Yggdrasil systems. But nothing is definitive.

Thread 'The John Milton conundrum'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-john-milton-conundrum.607684/

In my opinion a lot of the Codex references denote a journey to the underworld, which fits the general narrative of Paradise Lost.

Lucifer first falls from Heaven to Hell, he then mooches around Pandemonium before going to Hells Gate to travel along ‘Sin & Deaths’ Viaduct…a great bridge which traverses the outer sphere. He essentially travels outside the bubble along it’s great circumference.



Lucifer then lands someplace close to the Lymbo of Vanity (Limbo) no location is indicated but it’s suspected to be within the upper celestial hemisphere, could even be on the equator as it’s also indicated he wanders for some time, before seeing Heavens gate upon the distant horizon, burning like a jewel!

‘Satan alights upon the bare Convex of this Worlds outermost Orb; wherewandring he first finds a place since call'd The Lymbo of Vanity’ JM

There is a ‘Limbo’ and ‘Paradiso’ in 17 Draconis, although this location has no clear relation to subjects previously investigated by me, and Paradiso is linked to ‘Dante’ not Milton, although both authors utilised the same descriptive terms of the Silent Spheres, both were very different.

Sadly 17 Draconis is however, in alignment with the path of Jaques. I find this very worrying as its too close to Polaris, which is known to be locked and currently inaccessible by FD who confirmed there is no permit for this system to date, so very likely if this was true it sadly potentially identifies a narrative gate.

The problem with narrative gates, are that we can’t unlock them nor discover anything, and have to wait for FD to turn that page, upon when that did happen, it’s as likely half the galaxy will make the discovery in a matter of seconds. One possible consolation is the controlling faction in 17 Draconis are a player faction, so in my opinion that drives that theory into the dirt. Hopefully we can disregard it.

So ignoring the above horrific thought; ultimately my current hypothesis is we go down, find Hells gate, then something directs us up along some path to the upper hemisphere?

Source: https://youtu.be/P6I6yr7WDeg
Last edited: Jul 8, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Han_Zen