Rochester
Apr 20, 2023
#30,066
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Raxxla was worth fighting for to the point that like Mars Artifact/Duval Relic that conflicts follow anyone or anything that gets close. The rumors started more than a millennium ago. We are told it is controlled by a cabal. Why exactly is there so much blind trust in those narrating the story? What if those telling the story are fundamentally untrustworthy? The writers of history after all are the victors.

Trust but verify does wonders for detection of false or misleading narratives. Also, do you understand how much of the story might be propaganda? There is such a thing as doubting the narrator but believing the story (at least partly).
Except we have information from FD to state (at that time) it was not textual, that it had substance and could be found by anyone, many times.

Now conceptually it’s as equally likely all of the statements by FD could be about a narrative element. It’s just a question of semantics.

Example: DB initial statement to Drew ‘could’ have been about future content. As DB has used this language in another instance, during pre-alpha to describe content not in game at that time. We only have Drew’s interpretation of events. Again DB ‘silly’ statement can be interpreted differently, some think he’s addressing us, some think he was addressing his employee. Contextually all of MB and AT statements could equally be interpreted as narrative - ’nothing to say at this time’ -‘the pay off ought to be huge’…semantics.

But there exists counterintuitive information to the contrary, to confirm it’s accessibility. Some of which is suspiciously difficult to locate, dubious origin, or has been intentionally erased.

Combine this with the very public statement in the form of the existence of the Codex, and their own denial when questioned directly to affirm if the codex is just ‘flavour’, especially their public facing support team, then there is an assumption more towards something certainly being out there, at most you have information which has a reliability of 50/50.

One has to believe that Raxxla is in game and is currently accessible, for your own personal journey.

“Seaward ho! Hang the treasure! It's the glory of the sea that has turned my head”


*We need Roscoe’s outfit from Ice Pirates as an ED purchasable Cmdr skin (space-capes).
Last edited: Apr 20, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian