CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 21, 2023
#30,076
Leeloo Catfish said:
I posted the book the other day , it predates the release of the codex by a month , after reading it , I'm very certain Raxxla near or in sol. or Its the start point.
If you look to linclon station , and watch very closely you will see a moving star. in sorounding systems you can see orbiting stars. You need to time lapse capture it . I think its a bug , but would have been cool. I never got a final response after messaging a few Fdev crew. I also emailed the author , but never got a response.
ps sorry for the no embed on the video
Astrophel - The first extraterrestrial dialogue — Stephen Beam
you can get it on kindal for a few dollars . thematically it also fits with the toast



Click to expand...
Somewhat related: There is another book on Kindle that I swear must be related to Elite Dangerous that seems to be connected to Daedalus station in Sol and Trueman's Rest in Pi Mensae. The book is called "The Bizarre Journey of Gray Trueman".

I hadn't mentioned it because the author identity is hidden and the book itself seems to have hidden message(s) buried within. I just haven't had time to complete going through it. That and y'all still think I was foolish for attempting to reunify the lore. This isn't the first book I swear was purpose written and possibly even directly commissioned for Elite Dangerous. It is about the only thing that makes sense.

Additionally, you all need to read the lore of Sacra Oculus squadron on INARA at https://inara.cz/elite/squadron-about/9966/ then play Deliver Us the Moon and Deliver Us Mars. I believe the reason the community managers were pushing it hard to the Elite Dangerous community is it essentially expanded lore to Elite (timelines even match).

Here's the book I believe may be linked, his other book (again looks potentially commissioned), and the weird description of the author. These at least used to be available for Kindle.

The Bizarre Journey of Gray Trueman https://a.co/d/7YSYAGp

Everyone wants us dead, but None dared to try." -Gray Trueman

There is something I wish to highlight before you read the Description: The book contains puzzles, codes and hidden messages from cover to cover. If you wish to ignore them and enjoy the story, well... it’s up to you; however, if you choose to solve them, you will decipher the black pages, and if you’re sharp enough, you'll unfold information about some of the characters, future events in the series and real life, other things too. It all depends on you. Here are some hints to help:

1- The symbols on the front cover and black pages are simply Digits

2- The number on Page 11 is Gray Trueman showing how polite he can be

3- The bars on the bottom of the pages are crosswords guideline

4- Some Page Numbers are sitting on One, the rest are sitting on None (not in a dirty way)

Betrayed by the sun's apricity, the infamous Icarus lost his waxen wings, plummeting from the high heavens towards a certain death, however; the injured man was rescued from the trembling bites of the sea by a masked man with a tense, dark aura, Gray Trueman, Gray allowed the Mingan (one who hunts dark creatures) a sanctuary inside his house "The Library of Pamat;" an uncharted place with many bizarre things and beings. But because of Gray's vague and sadistic character, and Icarus' curious and belligerent one, it was hard for the two to get along at first. Eventually, they reached an agreement to join forces against the gods of Olympus, and that was the beginning of the Bizarre adventure of master and apprentice.

----
Amphigory: Arrows of Cupid https://a.co/d/iHU5xyq

What better way to tell an empyrean romance other than a ‘Poem.’
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
This is a quick read for the poetics. A collection of singsong poems telling the most famous Romances in Greek Mythology. For lovers... for broken hearts... for incomplete souls seeking the other half
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
"A Nereid of lilac stood out; like a violet purl inside many others of white; her meraki dance swayed a right... mind to insanity" __ From the tale of Poseidon & Amphitrite
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
"A belle Phoenician princess was announced To the high lord of the mountain; a god with a human fetish, Her father blessed her with a dress; embroidered by The nymphs; it sparkled when landing on her skin, beamish," __ From the tale of Zeus & Europa

---

Then there's the bio for MF Aidoudi.. (copied from Amazon)

Hello,

I always felt it to be strange seeing authors writing their bio as a second person, therefore, I'll write mine as a first person.

First, I have a long name that many may find it difficult to pronounce so you can call me M;

Writing is one of many passions I have, but I'm confident it's on the top of my list.

I started reading in an early age, then writing when I was 12 (give or take) even the books I recently published, I had them buried with many other for a long time. Thanks to the crisis of Covid, I found the time to rewrite and publish these works, and I will do my best to write and publish the others as well.

As an author, my humble attempt is to offer the book community something new and refreshing in terms of writing style, storyline and structure of books. You will know what I mean when you read my first book. I prefer telling my stories my way, not as a copycat, and I hope all authors do the same. I do believe originality is a risk, giving that most readers prefer a safe and familiar read, but we really need diversity in order for this craft to evolve.

Now, about my personal information. I have a simple philosophy: The less you know about a person, the more you know about his character

This is why I never ask or care for names, ages or professions...

But since you came here and read all this way down, I'll tell you two things about me in the form of two riddles, ready?

1-Day of birth: (Inisde the Orcal's crystal, you can see the first two digits inside a jewel.)

2- My first name: (If you ask a mathematician about my name, he will guess it right the first time.)

Don't hesitate to ask me anything or Email me on: notgraytruman@gmail.com

Thank you for your time, and have a lovely life
Last edited: Apr 21, 2023
Reactions:
Leeloo Catfish and Planewalker