Han_Zen
May 3, 2024
#33,955
Rochester said:
The following is an excerpt from the parallel prose edition of Paradise Lost that Michael Brookes held up as one of his preferred interpretations of the text via his blog. I think if you’re going to split hairs, best first look to one of the potential sources and assess from this, what FD might have made of it?

I believe it’s pretty straightforward, the parallel prose version is spot on in my opinion in this instance, if Brookes were to look for any simpler explanation, I don’t think it gets any clearer:

‘I know you, stranger: You are that great leading angel who not long ago made war against the king of heaven, though now cast down. I saw and heard, for such a mighty host could not flee in silence through my frightened depths, Ruin followed ruin, rout succeeded rout, and confusion itself was confounded.

The victorious armies poured out by the millions from heaven's gate in hot pursuit. But this is my place; I shall hold it if I can, defending what little is left after the encroachments of your civil wars, which compromised the scepter of old Night.

First hell your dungeon was stretched out wide, down below. And now lately the heavens and the earth, another world, . If that is where your journey leads, you have not far to go.’

‘





PARADISE LOST by JOHN Milton
Parallel Prose Edition - Dennis Danielson.

So our pendant world, from the text is literally hanging from a chain from the wall of heaven (most likely the East wall), it is described from Satans vantage point as in to the enormity of Empyrean, a distant star.

When Satan eventually alights upon the exterior surface of that globe, it’s a featureless expanse; eventually he finds the stairs that lead upwards to the gate of heaven.

This was at the apex of the globe, he stands upon that first step and looks down through an expansive opening and sees all the stars and constellations deep within, a pendant universe, bigger on the inside.

It is not by the moon, nor as small as the moon nor our Sun nor system, it is a metaphor for a very distant but huge object, that contains the entire universe, but it is tiny in comparison to the Empyrean.

If the Empyrean is replicated in game, as a large body of systems, then surely paradise / Raxxla is likewise held within a singular system albeit separate and just below it and above Chaos?

Click to expand...
The vantage point is the important factor. Satan is on the opposite side of the gateway, just below the gate to heaven and above the 'north pole' of the universe.
The center of the universe should be earth. It is the center of the Ptolomaic model and of the observable universe.

If we are able to locate the direction to the gate of heaven, then Raxxla should be on that line. It should also be within practical distance from earth, for those who built the portal there.
If portal-travel was the builders only method of hyperspacing, Raxxla would have to be within the Sol system to be practical.
If the builders had similar hypespace ranges we have, Raxxla could be further away, but that would push the distance to the other side of the portal out. You don't build a jump gate 100 ly from your target, if you are jumping 500 ly. If you are jumping to Beagle point or Andromeda, 100 ly is't really a problem.

If what Satan sees from the other side is not earth or Sol the next object that will appear as a dot, is the Milky way. There is nothing between Sol and the entire galaxy that will look like a star, when zooming out from earth.
Reactions:
Rochester