Rochester
May 4, 2024
#33,959
selbie said:
As has been established here extensively, MB used Milton's Pendent World idea as a framework for ED's lore. Milton skilfully gives the reader an opportunity to comprehend the unfathomable vastness of the void between Heaven and Hell by combining a visual frame of reference and the very relatable emotional drive of Satan to reach his goal. This also fits nicely with Fernweh - Satan's burning far-pain for a place that he had not seen - at the cosmological 'time' of Milton's quote in the Brookes Tour.

The Brookes Tour Final Destination
If MB wanted the puzzle structure for Raxxla to encapsulate this thematic framework for the vastness of the game's galaxy then, to me, the Brookes Tour beacon text is an overt Raxxla clue with a chunky Miltonesque border around it.

















Earlier in Milton's Book 2, Chaos speaks to Satan, saying:



Side Note: The mention of "Frontieres" sparked the thought that this mythology also potentially connects Braben's earlier inspirations and ideas for Elite. The Elite logo's origins have direct parallels to Milton's symbolism, which I detail at the end.


With all of this established, we can then assess the codex for clues through this allegorical lens. For example, the Omphalos Rift is described as an "alien artefact" to access "parallel universes". For the sake of this argument, if we strip away the sci-fi interpretations of what this might be then it exposes the allegorical clue telling us what to look for.

- it is a central, pivotal connection point between two "worlds". Just like the Pythia oracle divined prophecies (ie. future narrative) through the vapours emanating from a chasm in the rock (aka Rift) from the deceased dragon at the centre of the Earth. An Omphalos was even literally used to [[substitute]] for Rhea's new-born son to save him from being devoured by Cronus.

- Here the author may be pointing outside the narrative world of ED, or outside the in-fiction 'reality' the lore inhabits such as to a narrative device, or something described within a story. For example, a narrative device of Paradise Lost is the reader being shown the cosmos from the perspective of Satan. We are also told about Julia's sole posession being a book - the story of which references an alien dragon.

- an alternate setting to reveal a common truth. Mythology is the timeless example of that. The actions of deities being the cause of something we perceive in our reality.


A common theme in both the Dark Wheel and Raxxla codex entries is a sense of double meaning, competing theories, resemblances, differing versions, and beliefs based on kernels of truth - ie. legend and allegory.
The codexes also share connections to lore, such as the events of Elite Legacy (Julia, her book, the direct reference to Raxxla, and her father's suspicious murder by shady conspiratorial characters), and the reference to Tau Ceti - Cetus being the mythical name of sea monsters. (Edit: If Tau is 300, could there be a "300 monsters" connection somewhere? or the 19th monster?)

Lyta Crane as a 'people's journalist' - means she was likely acting as a citizen journalist who attempted to fact check the various fragments of information about the Dark Wheel. This could be the author's way of saying she is independent of influence from the major powers and thus establishing her knowledge as slightly more authentic. This is further reinforced by the notion of her accusers claiming she's faking evidence for content revenue - indicating she is self-funded.







Milton's Book II references 3 classical journeys of courage and skill - 1. the Argonautica; 2. the journey of Io as a cow crossing the Bosporus Strait; and 3. Odysseus threading the needle between Charybdis and "th' other whirlpool" - which we now know as Scylla.


Related to this Milton compares Sin's appearance in PL to that of the monster Scylla - human torso and body of serpent with hounds lashing out from her waist.


Also from Book II, we learn that Sin and Death are tasked with following Satan to make a path for lost souls:


As an aside, knowing the above Sin/Death figures as guardians of Hells Gate, there is something to consider:
Jaques is an effectively immortal cyberized human and former black ops agent who had participated in the Battle of Hell's Gate - just as Satan encounters Sin / Scylla at Hell's Gate. He then paved a path across the galaxy to allow pilots to travel more freely through his dangerous FSD leap across the void, in a sense paving the way following the path that the PF had laid down (FSD tech, his military cyborg parts etc). Could he represent a hybrid of Sin and Death? A character that had a forced 'sinful' life of killing in the military, and turned into a ghastly hybrid. Some images even portray him with a human upper torso and single support frame below just like Sin is described. Perhaps he is a fallen angel of Satan who has taken a path to redemption.

If the naming of TDW is symbolic of Rota Fortunae, then the clandestine nature of the organisation, along with their supposed power and influence, would mean they attempt to control the fate of humanity - either for altruistic or selfish intentions. The medieval symbolism of Rota Fortunae showed the goddess Fortuna turning the wheel to which kings and other powerful figures are attached. So perhaps this is how TDW see themselves holding true influence over powerful figures within the Pilots Federation and the major powers. It also fits with the idea of Satan's goal to infiltrate humanity and manipulate God's creation.


I believe that Princess Astrophel is a likely parallel to Julia's children's book - the only known childrens book in lore and, as part of the Legacy novel, likely a direct clue by MB. If the description of the story can be extended, the princess was likely imprisoned by said dragon, so then the imagery of 'spiralling stars' could be alluding to the Princesses perspective looking out from her prison cell seeing the stars wheeling around. A rotating station in orbit around a body would create such a cycloid path. Dragons are commonly portrayed as aggressive and hoard their secrets and wealth, ruthlessly guarding it from outsiders - so the character of TDW organisation keeping a person of importance confined within a prison (either physical or ideological) certainly fits this allegory.

: Here I can see a connection to the two TDW Codex avenues stated above. You have the character of the , and you have the princess being . The alien dragon element to this being an external entity such as Fate, or the shady Satanic figures that control Fate, invading her World and removing free agency.

Julia's only possession was her book, meaning that it probably had a profound value to her. Perhaps she felt she had something in common with the princess being trapped in Freeholm - also a political prison - yearning for far away places but burdened with the cards that were dealt to her. Her father Darik, if he was somehow involved with the Dark Wheel enclave, may have gone to great lengths to conceal his involvement from her. Perhaps leading to him being silenced by 'the dragon'.


Darik's father Rex is also the head of an assassin family:


Darik obtained Julia's book via the black market, which implies it was seen as 'dangerous' by authorities. If this is the same book the codex is referring to, then naturally the powers within the Dark Wheel would attempt to erase this alleged source of Raxxla clues.


Going back to the alien dragon device MB has employed, this is where it might connect some related dots to Braben's ideas for Elite / Raxxla.

It has been verified that the winged creature of Elite and thus the PF's logo was a hybrid idea between Braben and the artist Philip Castle.
As Braben states in the early AMA:

It is unknown whether the choice of Griffin was derived from Braben or only Castle, or exactly the inspiration for choosing such a creature. However, given the context of Brookes' narrative framework, it is easy to see where the seed of this idea germinated from, either via Brookes, Braben's, or Castle's own understanding of mythology.

In Paradise Lost, Satan is specifically compared to a Griffin:

Book 2

The Armaspians were a mythical one-eyed race who, like dwarves, possessed a wealth of gold and so were in a constant tug of war with the griffins.
From Karen L. Edwards: - (pp. 105-107) she talks about how Milton uses the griffin simile to portray a being who fundamentally removes the value of things through its obsessive nature.



To me these appear to form a strong analogy for many aspects of Elite. The griffin as the symbol of fiercely guarded political and material power, thus reducing it to a meaningless stewardship just like the Pilots Federation is often politically portrayed. The griffin / Satan / dragon symbolism between the codex, tour, and official lore (ie. Julia's book). The alien dragon (griffin) seeking to control a powerful figure, just as the Dark Wheel allegedly seeks to control the fate of human civilisation. Even potentially the Thargoids as fallen angels, or as souls traversing the bridge between worlds (witchspace) tempting and punishing mortals, and the Guardians who fell from grace, failing in their attempts at "wakeful custody" - their primal hunter nature making them fundamentally unfit to be guardians.
Click to expand...

I think the reference to Princess Astrophel is an allusion towards Brookes Legacy, I believe you’re correct about her lineage, I’d likewise long suspected her farther’s family may have had a link to the DW.

The grandfather- Rex means ‘king’ and Julia is a ‘royal’ name. I like your analogy of the spiralling stars as the view from Freeholm where she was imprisoned. And there are a lot of references to Demeter and Hecate in the book, including her aunt ‘Seline’…

FD references in the Brookes Tours I do believe is asking us to revisit Brookes Legacy, and the DW indications certainly could align too, its all interpretational but it could be the key.

Here is an old map of the systems named in the book, I’m re-reading it and already found two more I’d previously missed.

Last edited: May 4, 2024
Reactions:
selbie