Rochester
May 1, 2024
#33,949
Jorki Rasalas said:
I did investigate a possible Starship One link, but arrived at the conclusion that it, Gan Romero and Halsey's visions are all part of a different storyline - the Guardians Reveal, which I think is quite separate from the Raxxla storyline (though I strongly suspect Raxxla's a Guardian object/ship). The Caretakers might be Guardians (or rather Guardians evolved into plasma lifeforms -MB's pet theory...read Sun Dragon); and I still suspect those pesky fireflies from the barnacles/Thargoids sensors!, but the potential overlap could just be obfuscation, or as you say could be another highlight to the general area...perhaps we'll eventually get to see the Alien Lore manual etc and see the reality.. I also suspect the early E/F missions were originally supposed to lead us to the Guardians (use of data crystals as the thematic base, & the myth they referred to would be the mythical alien beings from the discovery of the Mars Alien Artefact), but they were bugged and cropped up all over the place & also FD saw how rapidly players were exploring the Milky Way and realised to keep any semblance of realism they had to bring forward the Guardian reveal, so rather than just fixing the bugged missions they deleted them and set up Starship One etc as a quick solution. I still remember the furore when FD locked Col90 sector etc and people couldn't revisit places they'd already been (I'd been out that way myself, following the 2Mass star chain on my first long distance exploration trip).

At first I was looking for a system hanging from the Empyrean down towards Sol, but couldn't find anything suitable. Though I did conclude Gateway (alternate was Wolf 294 IIRC) is most likely candidate for Heaven's Gate since it matches the usual graphic for PL cosmology (though Milton's text actually puts that to the East side of the Empyrean). Did you or someone else say after the Fall of Man God moved Paradise up into the Empyrean? Couldn't find that in PL. IIRC the Garden of Eden was originally set on Earth, in The East. When they were expelled Adam & Eve were led by Gabriel down the East cliff face to roam the world.


Then I had the brainfart/wave about the anagram match and it all fell into place, apart from actually getting Raxxla to reveal itself!
Click to expand...

I can’t recall myself, it’s a little murky…

The whole moving of Paradise up into heaven was inferred I suspect, simply as part of Gods grand scheme. Remember ‘paradise’ is the garden in the end, not the universe, that was creation, and initially they were one and the same. Last I recall it’s indicated that was ‘the plan’ for the whole of creation to be lifted aloft, I can’t recall if the garden was physically described through an ‘occurrence’ of being moved or just locked away…

I believe it was just locked off, because God sent Michael and gods flaming sword and Cherubim’s to cast Adam and Eve out into the world, and guard it’s East gate so no one could re-enter.

The universe aka the actual pendant globe stays hanging from its chain, after the fall it’s fixed in place due to Satans viaduct, which created a quick path to hell. Milton also mixes his temporal metaphors, because in Paradise Lost, ‘time’ doesn’t start until the 2nd fall, but initially Milton describing Satans journey prior to that, on the outer sphere of the universe, and describes the Paradise of Fools (Limbo) and likewise the golden stairs etc and contextualises them as locations or pathways for souls to traverse; so the ‘globe’ is a fixed location under the Empyrean.

I agree with your overarching concept for the narrative, but I am inclined to disagree on the point of Starship One. I don’t think it was intended primarily as narrative marker especially for Raxxla, but rather used simply, as a mechanism to seed the environmental story about the existence of the Empyrean, of a heavenly Otherworld, and it’s existence in that particular area, maybe FD hoped Cmdrs would stumble over Raxxla albeit indirectly, personally I suspect FD has done this on numerous occasions?
Last edited: May 3, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Jorki Rasalas