Rochester
May 2, 2024
#33,954
The following is an excerpt from the parallel prose edition of Paradise Lost that Michael Brookes held up as one of his preferred interpretations of the text via his blog. I think if we’re going to split hairs, best first look to one of the potential sources and assess from this, what FD might have made of it?

I believe it’s pretty straightforward, the parallel prose version is spot on in my opinion in this instance, if Brookes were to look for any simpler explanation, I don’t think it gets any clearer:

‘I know you, stranger: You are that great leading angel who not long ago made war against the king of heaven, though now cast down. I saw and heard, for such a mighty host could not flee in silence through my frightened depths, Ruin followed ruin, rout succeeded rout, and confusion itself was confounded.

The victorious armies poured out by the millions from heaven's gate in hot pursuit. But this is my place; I shall hold it if I can, defending what little is left after the encroachments of your civil wars, which compromised the scepter of old Night.

First hell your dungeon was stretched out wide, down below. And now lately the heavens and the earth, another world, have been hung above my realm, attached by a golden chain to the side of heaven from whence your legions fell. If that is where your journey leads, you have not far to go.’

‘Thus Satan skimmed easily acros the calmer waves, and like a weather-beaten vessel he made for the harbour, with shrouds and tackle torn. Or in the emptier spaces not unlike air, he extended unflapping wings, hovering, and cast a leisurely gaze far off at heaven, the home of God and once his native land, stretched out at such a distance that no one could tell if its walls were straight or curved, though adorned with opal towers and battlements studded with living sapphires.

And there nearby, hanging from a golden chain, appeared this pendant world, as big as a star that seems a point beside the moon.

That is where the cursed Fiend was headed at that cursed hour, fully freighted with malice and revenge.’

PARADISE LOST by JOHN Milton
Parallel Prose Edition - Dennis Danielson.

So our pendant world, from the text is literally hanging from a chain from the wall of heaven (most likely the East wall), it is described from Satans vantage point as in comparison to the enormity of Empyrean, as if like a distant star.

When Satan eventually alights upon the exterior surface of that globe, it’s a featureless expanse; eventually he finds the stairs that lead upwards to the gate of heaven.

This was at the apex of the globe, he stands upon that first step and looks down through an expansive opening and sees all the stars and constellations deep within, a pendant universe, bigger on the inside.

It is not by the moon, nor as small as the moon nor our Sun nor system, it is a metaphor for a very distant but huge object, that contains the entire universe, but it is tiny in comparison to the Empyrean.

If the Empyrean is replicated in game, as a large body of systems, then surely paradise / Raxxla is likewise held within a singular system albeit separate and just below it and above Chaos?

Source: https://youtu.be/pvnKXOGYKM8?si=L-k91P1rkdHK8Vh1
Last edited: May 3, 2024
Reactions:
Han_Zen, simulacrae and Jorki Rasalas