selbie
May 3, 2024
#33,958
As has been established here extensively, MB used Milton's Pendent World idea as a framework for ED's lore. Milton skilfully gives the reader an opportunity to comprehend the unfathomable vastness of the void between Heaven and Hell by combining a visual frame of reference and the very relatable emotional drive of Satan to reach his goal. This also fits nicely with Fernweh - Satan's burning far-pain for a place that he had not seen - at the cosmological 'time' of Milton's quote in the Brookes Tour.

The Brookes Tour Final Destination
If MB wanted the puzzle structure for Raxxla to encapsulate this thematic framework for the vastness of the game's galaxy then, to me, the Brookes Tour beacon text is an overt Raxxla clue with a chunky Miltonesque border around it.

Detail #1 - The name of Tourist Spot 0749 - Surrounded by Wonder.
Michael's wonder. The wonder of this pendent world (universe). The fernweh we feel being stuck on Earth while surrounded by the wondrous far away places portrayed in science fiction. Elite is a game that attempts to satisfy that yearning.

Detail #2 - Where Michael rests is a matter of rumour.
Key word 'rumour'. The idea of uncertainty - something interpreted rather than objectively known. Most riddles require sorting through various interpretations to find the right puzzle pieces. So it is telling us to make interpretations of this clue to construct our "eyes to see".

Detail #3 - The restless spirit.
The idea of never being truly satisfied, always driven to seek something. You could apply the Miltonian Satan-perspective framing to this. We may see Michael's world through a similar lens.

Detail #4 - There was also a new experience to pursue. The next frontier to discover.
Definitely overt but also multi-layered.
At the surface level it's simply an in-fiction way to reference Michael's work at FDev.
Then there are the wordings... "was a [singular] new experience to pursue", "Frontier" and "Discover". The past-tense 'was' aspect could mean something to do with Frontier's updated Discovery Scanners from 2018.
Finally, if we refocus back on Brookes' narrative driving force, I recall Milton's powerful line - “Space may produce new Worlds”. Meaning that the Elite galaxy shall 'produce' this new Raxxla experience we are pursuing.

Detail #5 - Discussions of Michael's Legacy.
At first glance most people would interpret this to be the legacy of his work he left behind. However, we can't ignore the Elite Legacy novel he wrote as the official companion story. He wrote himself into a cameo role as the mythological Norse-inspired Hammer character. Brookes even sneaks in a direct message to the reader in the codex - "the story's author had cunningly concealed facts about the mysterious locale in his book".

Detail #6 - A mythological something, stirring wonder, this undefined muth remains elusive.
The word 'mythological' in this case is directing us to "a thing that is of mythology" such as Paradise Lost.
Stirring wonder is a repeat reference to Wonder described in #1.
The word Muth appears to be an old word for mouth or opening - so it is easy to see this clue is referencing a mythological place that stirs wonder with an 'mouth' of entry - an entrypoint which was unknown to Satan at the time of his journey across the void of Chaos.

Detail #7 - The one who knows the way.
If Satan's journey through Chaos is how #6 is framed then, like Satan forging a path to reach the Pendent World, Brookes has forged the path to Raxxla. This is also literally telling us that Brookes' work is a fundamental anchor point for this mystery.

Detail #8 - This Pendent World.
The crux of the clue, and the objective of Satan's "mischievous revenge". The text that follows after this quote in the Tour is key:
Thither full fraught with mischievous revenge,
Accurst, and in a cursed hour he hies (hies = go quickly).

Earlier in Milton's Book 2, Chaos speaks to Satan, saying:
I upon my Frontieres here Keep residence; if all I can will serve, that little which is left so to defend
Encroacht on still through our intestine broiles weakning the Scepter of old Night:
first Hell, your dungeon stretching far and wide beneath; now lately Heaven and Earth, another World Hung over my Realm, link'd in a golden Chain, to that side Heav'n from whence your Legions fell: If that way be your walk, you have not farr; so much the neerer danger; go and speed; havock and spoil and ruin are my gain.

Side Note: The mention of "Frontieres" sparked the thought that this mythology also potentially connects Braben's earlier inspirations and ideas for Elite. The Elite logo's origins have direct parallels to Milton's symbolism, which I detail at the end.

The Codex Clues
With all of this established, we can then assess the codex for clues through this allegorical lens. For example, the Omphalos Rift is described as an "alien artefact" to access "parallel universes". For the sake of this argument, if we strip away the sci-fi interpretations of what this might be then it exposes the allegorical clue telling us what to look for.

Omphalos Rift - it is a central, pivotal connection point between two "worlds". Just like the Pythia oracle divined prophecies (ie. future narrative) through the vapours emanating from a chasm in the rock (aka Rift) from the deceased dragon at the centre of the Earth. An Omphalos was even literally used to [[substitute]] for Rhea's new-born son to save him from being devoured by Cronus.

Alien artefact - Here the author may be pointing outside the narrative world of ED, or outside the in-fiction 'reality' the lore inhabits such as to a narrative device, or something described within a story. For example, a narrative device of Paradise Lost is the reader being shown the cosmos from the perspective of Satan. We are also told about Julia's sole posession being a book - the story of which references an alien dragon.

Parallel universes - an alternate setting to reveal a common truth. Mythology is the timeless example of that. The actions of deities that help explain the cause of something we perceive in our reality.

Edit: Continuing some further assessments...
Tau Ceti - A now 'ancient' human colony formed by people who were portrayed as monsters due to the extinction of the native life. - Cetus being the mythical name of sea monsters, so you could say the colonists 'consumed' the local life. If Tau is the greek number 300, could this mean "300 monsters" ie. colonists?? or perhaps Tau Ceti was the 300th monster (ship) that left Sol? or if the 19th greek letter - the 19th ship to leave Sol?
There is also symbolism for the early colonies spawning revolts against an established power attempting to exert influence over them from afar. Another link to Elite Legacy.

Cora's wild stories - Evokes the imagery of the mythical sea voyages in search of a symbolic treasure. The relationship of Art and Cora is also an "omphalos" connecting Darik and Julia. Art Tornqvist is a character who possesses a ship. Cora seeks it for her treasure-seeking journey, but must ask permission for it. So Art is thus a gatekeeper to that journey, just as Darik was the gatekeeper to Julia's adventures.
Art's name as I had interpreted in the past, is akin to a "Bad" (Art) "Thorned / Troublesome" (þorn) "Room" (Qvist / Kvist) - A PRISON.
It is therefore a strong allegory for Freeholm - a place of confinement, as well as Darik's custodianship of Julia, both sheltering and containing her actions, and connecting the in-fiction allegory of Princess Astrophel's imprisonment.

Ancient myths of Atlantis etc - As established in Detail #2, this is a clue of finding correct interpretation. The common theme being they are all mythical, far away, paradise-like locations, just like the Pendent World is from Satan's perspective.

Unremarkable Moon to a state of cosmic enlightenment - This 'unremarkable' moon being the same symbol Milton uses as a frame of reference for how small and faint the Pendent World appears to Satan after speaking to Chaos. The latter 'cosmic enlightenment' speaking of both the nature of Paradise, and the result of reaching his goal - literally an enlightenment of Satan's understanding of the structure of the cosmos outside his realm.

Students of Raxxla lore - At first this seems like another example of the Satan-perspective framing, however, it may also be referring to Milton's Paradise of Fools where their entire life of "fond hopes of Glorie or fame" is wasted exploring the wrong path. Similarly Milton also uses the moon in this context to dismiss a theory of his time that the moon was the somehow the location of Limbo - ie a vain effort by Ariosto.

The Dark Wheel Turns
A common theme in both the Dark Wheel and Raxxla codex entries is a sense of double meaning, competing theories, resemblances, differing versions, and beliefs based on kernels of truth - ie. legend and allegory.
The codexes also share connections to lore, such as the events of Elite Legacy (Julia, her book, the direct reference to Raxxla, and her father's suspicious murder by shady conspiratorial characters), and the reference to Tau Ceti

Lyta Crane as a 'people's journalist' - means she was likely acting as a citizen journalist who attempted to fact check the various fragments of information about the Dark Wheel. This could be the author's way of saying she is independent of influence from the major powers and thus establishing her knowledge as slightly more authentic. This is further reinforced by the notion of her accusers claiming she's faking evidence for content revenue - indicating she is self-funded.

Some of the more factual elements of the codex are presented to us:
1. TDW station exists at the 8th moon of an 'unnamed' gas giant.
2. It is a toroid station (likely an Orbis starport type (Auline Enterprise example)).
3. It is 'dark' or invisible to our perception (for the same reason Dark Matter / Energy is named) - which implies it cannot be discovered passively. In terms of ED gameplay, this means a honk will not suffice. It will need an FSS scan or even DSS. This is assuming it can be directly navigated to without passing the prerequisite initiation testing.
4. It allegedly contains the 'record and artefacts' which validate the authenticity of the group.

There are allegedly two avenues to access the group:
Avenue 1: The Meritous Hero - bravery and competence.
TDW initiates a discreet test of courage and skill to pilots. Likely indicating a need for Elite ranking and exceeding certain statistical thresholds - ie. x number of kills, discoveries, trades etc. The 'discreet' wording may mean it is given in a cryptic form, not directly saying what the task is about.
Avenue 2: The Burdensome Lineage - family heritage (akin to royalty / aristocracy).
Members secretly train their offspring until they are ready to have it revealed to them. Others seek to hide it from their family to shield them from its paranoid and insular members.

Milton's Book II references 3 classical journeys of courage and skill - 1. the Argonautica; 2. the journey of Io as a cow crossing the Bosporus Strait; and 3. Odysseus threading the needle between Charybdis and "th' other whirlpool" - which we now know as Scylla.
He ceas'd; and Satan staid not to reply, But glad that now his Sea should find a shore, With fresh alacritie and force renew'd, Springs upward like a Pyramid of fire Into the wilde expanse, and through the shock Of fighting Elements, on all sides round Environ'd wins his way; harder beset And more endanger'd, then when Argo pass'd, Through Bosporus betwixt the justling Rocks: Or when Ulysses on the Larbord shunnd Charybdis, and by th' other whirlpool steard. So he with difficulty and labour hard Mov'd on, with difficulty and labour hee;

Related to this Milton compares Sin's appearance in PL to that of the monster Scylla - human torso and body of serpent with hounds lashing out from her waist.
Before the Gates there sat on either side a formidable shape;
The one seem'd Woman to the waste, and fair, but ended foul in many a scaly fould
Voluminous and vast, a serpent arm'd with mortal sting:
about her middle round a cry of Hell Hounds never ceasing bark'd
With wide Cerberian mouths full loud, and rung a hideous Peal:
yet, when they list, would creep, if aught disturb'd thir noyse, into her woomb, and kennel there, yet there still bark'd and howl'd within unseen.
Farr less abhorrd than these Vex'd Scylla bathing in the Sea that parts Calabria from the hoarse Trinacrian shore:
Nor uglier follow the Night-Hag, when call'd in secret, riding through the Air she comes lur'd with the smell of infant blood, to dance
With Lapland Witches, while the labouring Moon eclipses at thir charms.
Click to expand...

Also from Book II, we learn that Sin and Death are tasked with following Satan to make a path for lost souls:
But hee once past, soon after when man fell, Strange alteration!
Sin and Death amain [ie. pursuing] following his track, such was the will of Heav'n,
Pav'd after him a broad and beat'n way over the dark Abyss, whose boiling Gulf Tamely endur'd a Bridge of wondrous length
From Hell continu'd reaching th' utmost Orbe Of this frail World (our Universe); by which the Spirits perverse With easie intercourse pass to and fro to tempt or punish mortals, except whom God and good Angels guard by special grace.

As an aside, knowing the above Sin/Death figures as guardians of Hells Gate, there is something to consider:
Jaques is an effectively immortal cyberized human and former black ops agent who had participated in the Battle of Hell's Gate - just as Satan encounters Sin / Scylla at Hell's Gate. He then paved a path across the galaxy to allow pilots to travel more freely through his dangerous FSD leap across the void, in a sense paving the way following the path that the PF had laid down (FSD tech, his military cyborg parts etc). Could he represent a hybrid of Sin and Death? A character that had a forced 'sinful' life of killing in the military, and turned into a ghastly hybrid. Some images even portray him with a human upper torso and single support frame below just like Sin is described. Perhaps he is a fallen angel of Satan who has taken a path to redemption.

If the naming of TDW is symbolic of Rota Fortunae, then the clandestine nature of the organisation, along with their supposed power and influence, would mean they attempt to control the fate of humanity - either for altruistic or selfish intentions. The medieval symbolism of Rota Fortunae showed the goddess Fortuna turning the wheel to which kings and other powerful figures are attached. So perhaps this is how TDW see themselves holding true influence over powerful figures within the Pilots Federation and the major powers. It also fits with the idea of Satan's goal to infiltrate humanity and manipulate God's creation.

A Window to Raxxla
I believe that Princess Astrophel is a likely parallel to Julia's children's book - the only known childrens book in lore and, as part of the Legacy novel, likely a direct clue by MB. If the description of the story can be extended, the princess was likely imprisoned by said dragon, so then the imagery of 'spiralling stars' could be alluding to the Princesses perspective looking out from her prison cell seeing the stars wheeling around. A rotating station in orbit around a body would create such a cycloid path. Dragons are commonly portrayed as aggressive and hoard their secrets and wealth, ruthlessly guarding it from outsiders - so the character of TDW organisation keeping a person of importance confined within a prison (either physical or ideological) certainly fits this allegory.

EDIT: Here I can see a connection to the two TDW Codex avenues stated above. You have the character of the heroic protagonist with his bravery and skill making a choice to pursue the princess, and you have the princess being burdened with the responsibilities of her royal lineage by symbolically confining her to an alien prison. The alien dragon element to this being an external entity such as Fate, or the shady Satanic figures that control Fate, invading her World and removing free agency.

Julia's only possession was her book, meaning that it probably had a profound value to her. Perhaps she felt she had something in common with the princess being trapped in Freeholm - also a political prison - yearning for far away places but burdened with the cards that were dealt to her. Her father Darik, if he was somehow involved with the Dark Wheel enclave, may have gone to great lengths to conceal his involvement from her. Perhaps leading to him being silenced by 'the dragon'.

"As senior pilot, Julia was present. Darik had been resistant to her joining Freeholm’s modest defence force at first. She loved flying as much as he did and her skills couldn’t be ignored so he’d eventually given in. In truth he’d cultivated her skill at flying at a young age, so he only had himself to blame."
Darik's father Rex is also the head of an assassin family:
"That was true. He had instructed his children to not speak to the son (Darik) who’d left some twenty years ago now. By the code they lived by, the expected decision would have been to kill Darik. It would probably have been a sensible decision as well. For the first time in his life, Rex had balked at issuing the kill order. So soon after the death of his wife, he lacked the resolve to kill his son as well."

Darik obtained Julia's book via the black market, which implies it was seen as 'dangerous' by authorities. Any oppressive power will attempt to stifle opportunities for free agency and thought. If this is the same book the codex is referring to, then naturally the powers within the Dark Wheel would attempt to erase this alleged source of Raxxla clues.

The Griffin Guardian
Going back to the alien dragon device MB has employed, this is where it might connect some related dots to Braben's ideas for Elite / Raxxla.

It has been verified that the winged creature of Elite and thus the PF's logo was a hybrid idea between Braben and the artist Philip Castle. https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/what-is-the-elite-logo.5724/
As Braben states in the early AMA:
"The Elite logo took a while to get right. The inspiration was a mix of pilot's wings and logo. The Griffin thing was Philip Castle's idea."

It is unknown whether the choice of Griffin was derived from Braben or only Castle, or exactly the inspiration for choosing such a creature. However, given the context of Brookes' narrative framework, it is easy to see where the seed of this idea germinated from, either via Brookes, Braben's, or Castle's own understanding of mythology.

Once again in Paradise Lost Book 2, Satan is specifically compared to a Griffin:
"At last his sail-broad vannes (wings) he spreads for flight, and in the surging smoak
Uplifted spurns the ground, thence many a league as in a cloudy chair ascending rides audacious, but that seat soon failing, meets a vast vacuitie:
all unawares fluttring his pennons (feathers / wings) vain plumb down he drops ten thousand fathom deep as when a Gryfon through the wilderness with winged course ore Hill or moarie dale, pursues the Arimaspian, who by stelth had from his wakeful custody purloind the guarded gold:
So eagerly the fiend ore bog or steep, through strait, rough, dense, or rare, with head, hands, wings, or feet pursues his way, and swims or sinks, or wades, or creeps, or flyes..."
The Armaspians were a mythical one-eyed race who, like dwarves, possessed a wealth of gold and so were in a constant tug of war with the griffins.
EDIT: There is also the description of the wanderings of Io in Prometheus Unbound, noting that she is "not to pass through the north, among the Arimaspi and griffins, but southward." Could this give a directionality to a potential investigation? Something leading in the direction of Galactic South?
From Karen L. Edwards: Milton and the Natural World: Science and Poetry in Paradise Lost - (pp. 105-107) she talks about how Milton uses the griffin simile to portray a being who fundamentally removes the value of things through its obsessive nature.

"Omitted from Raphael's list of animals brought into being at the Creation, the griffin belongs wholly to Chaos; it "exists" only in the realm of the uncreated, a mass of fragments stuck uncouthly together. By equating the composite with that which is without true form, the simile effectively exposes the griffin as materially or bodily non-existent. In other words, the very proof of the griffin's fictiveness — its monstrous and hence unreal confusion of parts — is the basis of the simile."

"...the symbolic use to which Milton puts the griffin signals his political disagreement with the conservative Browne. What Browne views with complacency — that the griffin, "borne in the Coat-armes of many noble Families of Europe...doth well make out the properties of a Guardian, or any person entrusted" — Milton regards with grim irony. What is called "guardianship" may be instead the rapacious guarding of material self-interest. (In the case of noble families, such material is all too often walled up in mighty palaces, "builded strong and steepe / On a high Rock, [the] better [their] thefts to keepe.") As the griffin pursues his gold, Satan pursues his way, gold and way having been lost through a notable failure of "wakeful custody," for neither the griffin nor Satan knows what is truly worth guarding. Griffin and fiend are audacious and fierce, but only in guarding their own good, which is to misconstrue the good. They are greedy guardians, an oxymoron in the economy of the spirit, where avarice is loss."

"...There is a more apposite reference to the griffin in History of Britain. Milton writes there of a human griffin, "Griffin Prince of South Wales," who, guilty of "frequent inrodes and robberies" and proficient at seizing "much booty" and "great spoils," is a rapacious thief whom "no bonds of faith could restrain."

Ancient symbol of devotion to other gods, the gold hoarded by the griffin has no absolute value, the simile implies. Value is culturally produced or manufactured. Hence gold in the passage is implicitly reduced to its unrefined, un-formed, original state, "ore." The sound is repeated insistently in the passage: in course and moarie, in the two contractions of over, and in the reiterated conjunction or in lines 948—50. Value derives, the simile implies, from imposing shape on the unformed and fragmented material of the world, and that which can be shaped can be reshaped. Milton thus turns the skepticism of the new philosophy to new political uses. With its re-thinking of what had been held to be scientific truth, experimentalism had begun to demonstrate that even the "natural" world is a product of human construing. So too, then, the political world: that which is construed can be reconstrued. The principle is suggested even more pointedly in the comparison of Satan to a leviathan in book I, where the superstitious fictions of natural history are equated with the political fictions of the state, and the value that is construed is claimed to be natural."
Click to expand...

To me these appear to form a strong analogy for many aspects of Elite. The griffin as the symbol of fiercely guarded political and material power, thus reducing it to a meaningless stewardship just like the Pilots Federation is often politically portrayed. The griffin / Satan / dragon symbolism between the codex, tour, and official lore (ie. Julia's book). The alien dragon (griffin) seeking to control a powerful figure, just as the Dark Wheel allegedly seeks to control the fate of human civilisation. Even potentially the Thargoids as fallen angels, or as souls traversing the bridge between worlds (witchspace) tempting and punishing mortals, and the Guardians who fell from grace, failing in their attempts at "wakeful custody" - their primal hunter nature making them fundamentally unfit to be guardians.

Just as the heroes in mythology threaded a treacherous path to reach their destination, it is apparent our challenge is to symbolically traverse a Dangerous path to reach this "wondrous undefined muth".
Last edited: May 5, 2024
Reactions:
Han_Zen, The Phat Waffle, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 2 others