Tigorath
Jul 27, 2019
#9,864
Here is something to consider. The clues. This first one started me off... "To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!" This is the easy one. The mother of galaxies is Cassiopeia, mother of Andromeda. As we know Andromeda in itself is a galaxy. Cassiopeia is a November constellation of five primary Stars. Segin, Ruchbah, Navi Shedar and Caph.

These stars actually do have different designations in the Elite Galaxy so a little homework is required to find them which I did. Quite fun to catch up on Mythology.

Anyway, these primary stars form a W above the Constellation of Andromeda which in and directly above the actual galaxy. Maybe the brow.

So the jewel pointed me to Navi which at first was not easy to find in the Galaxy serch engine ingame. However it is 27 Gamma Cassiopeiae. 27 Cass is the central star in the W shape that occured to me looked like a brow above Andromeda.
27 Cass has one main star. A B ( Blue White ) class that is very impressive and burns very brightly indeed. Perhapse the 'Jewel'.

Then there are the further clues. To the Whisperer in Witch-Space. This could all be peotic prose. Think of Witch Space and we think of a hyperspace jump. The Parent's grief, the lovers woe? This could point to the more interesting neighbours in 27 Cass. A Neutron Star and a Black Hole.

Now this is where it get's interesting. We have a system with an extremely large, bright and scoopable main star. Then we have a neutron star as we all know can enhance our warp drive range. And then the Black Hole. Perhapse this is what they meant of the Siren of the deepest void.

Maybe they are not pointing out a locations but what to do when you get there. Me. I'm there... at the Black Hole. It's very very impressive. Close up the entire Milky Way vaneshes. Maybe if I supercharge my drive with it's deadly brother and return something might happen.

Unfortunately I cannot test this as I am stuck away from my keyboard. But it is an different way of reading the clues.
Reactions:
Scytale, sam23694 and [PS4] Filthymick420