Thatchinho
Apr 13, 2023
#29,926
R3aktor said:
so some weeks ago I have been told that all the old lore from the old books and old elite games have no meaning for elite dangerous. then in this forum I read about people referring to hints about the search of raxxla related to the old lore.
for me as a new participant in this forum ,it would make things much easier if there would be finally a consensus about what's lore and what's not.
if it's really the fact, that the old elite lore hasn't any meaning to ED than I can easily skip this chapter.
sometimes I wonder if people who still point on raxxla related stuff in old books and games (despite the fact that old lore has been retconned, if this is even a fact) are doing this, because they want to believe this...please ask yourself if you are just doing this to keep up an self created illusion.
Welcome to the forums.

I think the key to this all is to realise that what you want (in terms of a consensus on what’s lore and what’s not) is in antithesis to the principles of the game.

Put simply as a random independent pilot, you should not have what in the context would be preternatural or god level knowledge.

IMHO a key part of the game is trying to work out or discover what you can.

On the previous games, Elite is set in an alternate reality to ED. So it cannot be lore for ED, at least in the sense of it being taken as accurate history of the ED universe. That is not to say however that the two realities are not in many ways parallel - they absolutely are. This comes back to what @Han_Zen said - it’s only lore for ED if it’s actually lore for ED (paraphrasing).

It’s been said many many times over the years, but the best way to treat The Dark Wheel novella is as myths and legends in ED.

Having said that, much has obviously come through to ED from the previous games, but a full statement on what specifically has and hasn’t is never going to be given, as it’d mean giving everyone god level knowledge which they shouldn’t be party to in the game universe.

Generally I think it’s useful to put yourself in the shoes of the developers and think how you would handle stuff like that.

Another good example is to consider there being two alternative and mutually exclusive endings for a previous game. If player 1 goes down route A and player 2 goes down route B, and both are mutually exclusive in the history of the game universe, then which one actually happened? Did any? Did an alternate version of events happen to remove the exclusiveness so that both could have actually happened in the ED universe, putting it into an alternate reality compared to the previous game?
Reactions:
Han_Zen, R3aktor and Rochester