simulacrae
Apr 14, 2023
#29,934
Rochester said:
The dragon of Delphi is not a dolphin, it’s was a female dragon; Apollo used the form of a Dolphin to trick some sailors and invade and take over her power base, typical.

And M Brookes wrote a book about Sun Dragons, and his reference in ED Legacy identifies a children’s story that was about Space Dragons as well?

Im a sucker for mythology so i have been chewing on this for a while.

At the base (literally) of alot of the creation myths is some sort of Snake creature in Water which is tied to the cosmic center/axis And is killed by a God/Hero. It is the basis for the Hero fighting the Monster myths. And later evolved into things like the Knight saving the Princess from the Dragon.

Fontenrose wrote a nice little tome called "Python, A study of Delphic Myth and its Origins" you might enjoy.

There is this image of The Dark Wheel from The Alien World

The Dark Wheel of Alien World is very different than that from Elite - however the emphasis on myths and storytelling seem to resonate

And ya there is the mention of "a young man's quest to save a princess from an alien dragon" in MBs book Elite Legacy. Which I do feel was worked in as some sort of hint.

I have been looking for a "Hero fighting a Monster" story that could be construed in some way to mean a Princess Star Lover and Spiraling Stars.... for a while now
And ya spiraling stars could be a reference to the Celestial Wheel... Rota Fortuna.....

When I look at the Ships and their Manufacturers - Especially the Old ones.... Snakes and Birds.... Faulcon DeLacy makes Ships named after Snakes .... Core Dyanamics (Core... with a symbol rather Omphalos like) makes ships named after Birds....

Birds at the Top of the Axis/Tree with Snakes at the Bottom... Ive also tried doing some large scale alignments but they always come out like a mess (so far).

And of course the Cobra Engine.... Makes me think that Raxxla might not just some game asset but is somehow tied directly into the Galaxy itself with Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars possibly referring to Dr Ross' video on Creating a Galaxy...

But ya Im still just going round and round.
Reactions:
Macros Black, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Han_Zen and 1 other person