Han_Zen
Apr 14, 2023
#29,935
R3aktor said:
For clarification.. What do you mean about what I want?

I know some people might think that chosen individuals shouldn't have like God level knowledge. I guess it's up to higher forces to decide who is chosen to have and who isn't.

I don't believe in alternate realities, cause I believe in existence of one reality.
That's like the questions If time travels are possible. Even if traveling in time backwards the time traveler would move forward in time.

Edit: I accept the fact the perception is creating relative reality, but this is more worthy being debated in a philosophical debate and I doubt this is an important matter when it's about the search for Raxxla.

I am still working my way into the lore. The answers I got here were helpful to me to know how I can handle the lore in future.
The important things to know for me at this moment is if
a) is the lore relevant?
b) which of the lore is probably especially relevant for the search
c) does FD already have setted up everything to be explored or is FD using player theories to build the lore.
In that case that could mean even every nonsense theory could become lore.


But I understand what you mean.
Click to expand...
a) is the lore relevant?

It could be. It at least gives an insight into the material the ED creators had to work with.

b) which of the lore is probably especially relevant for the search

We don't know. We do know that the licenced ED authors had no info on Raxxla at all. FD could still incorporate aspects from their books, into the Raxxla narrative.
It would also surplice me a bit, if there aren't anything useful in The Dark Wheel.

c) does FD already have setted up everything to be explored or is FD using player theories to build the lore.

Anything that is undiscovered can be changed at any time, without breaking the continuity of the game. In the actual game, Raxxla is still a myth. We know it exists because we have been told, outside the game.
Any nonsense theory could become lore, if FD chose to implement it in the game and someone discovers it. Until then, it's just nonsense.
Reactions:
yelboc and R3aktor