Jorki Rasalas
Sep 5, 2020
#18,644
Vetinari said:
So Im not the first to link it with a bridge of tinfoil. Well thats my ego shattered lol

Ill have to find that video, see what led other people to it as a possibility.

Hasnt Lovecraft come into Raxxla or DW before somewhere? I know anything can be linked with enough imagination but may be foolish to ignore things we can ascertain to be new or even unique to the game with sources as opposed to something from a 3000 year old religion thats universal like star names and constellations.

I still dont really know how Jacques got there, as in:

Did players really dump enough UA and fdev just responded or was it fdev plan all along to misjump it? At what point did they discuss and implement the misjump scenario, did they think about it beforehand and there was a 'bucket' to fill to trigger it or was it suddenly imagined after they saw UAs being dumped?
Why no call from Jacques for Meta-Alloys when they must have known players were dumping it? Did Jacques really not know in lore until the actual jump, or was this all part of the plan?
Considering UA causing damage was introd by fdev in the first place, maybe the entire thing was a set up for this one event? There were a couple of stories around it but then meta-alloys and cargo resistance pretty much put an end to it....the only legacy from it is Jacques location.
If so then its there for a reason we dont know about.
DB has commented that he is surprised and pleased at how Colonia has grown, wasnt something he expected. Implies Jacques was going to be all alone initially or would maybe repair and jump again...this all got overtaken by players and the rest is history.
So Jacques may or may not have been 'placed' or 'intended' by fdev to be exactly where it is...if so, could there be something nearby?

Edit: We know there was a whole 'find Jacques' storyline with GalNet clues etc that never got played out because a Cmdr found it. Surely that story and those clues were written well in advance and not made up at the last minute?....If so it implies it may have been 'The' plan all along.
Click to expand...

Michael Brookes is a keen Lovecraft fan. See earlier posts in this thread about his tattoo. It was supposedly for an as-yet unpublished book combining Lovecraft and Milton-like themes. We had much discussion over the meaning of that tattoo and possible relationship to ED.

I suspect you’re overthinking things. Of course Jaques was intentionally placed, and FD only had publish in Galnet that Jaques was going to undertake a long distance jump for some players to jump on the possibility of UA bombing him, either from roleplay reasons or sheer bloody mindedness. Some livestreamer let slip on one of the Canonn threads (now closed & archived but still accessible, though not sure if that post wasn’t removed) back around 2015 that FD’s 10 year plan involved a major Thargoid invasion pushing humanity out of the bubble (also the storyline of the Dynasty plot and bases) & the need to fight a guerrilla war to reclaim it. Clearly to do that humanity needs a base well outside the bubble to fight from...

I think there are a couple of Guardian sites not too far from Colonia, so perhaps there’s a storyline link to them at a future point. Certainly necessary to top up AX weaponry for anti-goid guerrilla ops.
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, Hanerib, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person