CMDR UDentalFloss
Sep 5, 2020
#18,641
Phoenix13 said:
Before taking a break from the game, I connected that sonnet/poem, or at least the stanzas people were looking at with the Muse (i think it mentioned muse) of love and poetry: Erato.
I came back to the game the other day and put on my tinfoil hat again:
"The jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies."
My interpretation:
Mother of Galaxies: Cassiopeia
Brow: Possibly another word for 'mind'
Burns: Troubles, torments, causes resentment
Jewel: something pretty,beautiful.
So: Something beautiful that troubles (mentally) Cassiopeia.

I then looked up the history of Cassiopeia. She boasted she and her daugher Andromeda were more beautiful than the Nereids. Poseidon was enraged and to appease him, Andromeda was tied to a rock to have Cetus eat her but Perseus saved her. So the jewel could be Andromeda, in which case we need to look at all those star systems in the constellation. I haven't looked too hard into this but i think several people did a year+ ago. It could also be the Nereids, who Cassiopeia claimed to be more beautiful of, possibly resenting them now due to being punished for that claim. Interestingly enough, Erato, as mentioned above, is a Nereid. Maybe it's a coincidence. Typing "Erat" in the galaxy map search comes up with 7 systems. 6 are all very close to Teach other in the bubble-ish area. 1 is Eratothenes, which is in the Orion Nebula. I flew out to it but found nothing except that others have come here too. I have yet to check the 6 other systems that came up in the search, tho none had names with "erat" in it so i'm not sure what caused them to come up. Maybe this isnt the jewel and it's either Poseidon, Nereus or Doris (parents of Nereids), or Andromeda. Thetis is the most beautiful Nereid and captured Poseidon's attention, and is a system in Winter's territory.

Thoughts?
Click to expand...

You're not alone. When they talk about the jewel, I couldn't help but think andromeda, myself.

I've dabbled in history, but I'm no historian, so you went further in depth. I just happen to notice Andromeda, no matter where I am. The distant Galaxy is so bright, it catches my attention, even near the center of our Galaxy where the star field is totally cluttered.

What I'm going to do, and what I should have been doing, is try to study, word for word, anytime FDev mentions Raxxla or TDW. Going to study up on Thargoids. And finally, FINALLY get around to reading the books. I will also study up on any relevant real world things as needed.

There has to be a bigger clue. Either we're missing it ENTIRELY, or just not seeing what's in front of our faces.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420