Suitret
Jun 18, 2019
#9,046
DrewCarnegie said:
Regarding getting there without getting bored:

Do stuff on the way (it appears that you are, which is great) because jumping alone for long distances is soul destroying even for those who love exploration. Scan stuff, take pictures, land on (low g) planets (with your shields up) and drive around shooting rocks. Just break up the monotony every 20 jumps or so, and you'll be fine.

It's the trip home that's always the killer, anyway

Good luck and have fun o7
Click to expand...
This is a really sound advice, for every explorer. Gotta land, scan stuff, jump around in an SRV or do some loops in a SLF. A couple months ago I went, to the Heart and Soul nebulae, and went further past the formidine rift settlements, and into the edge of that part of the galaxy. It is time consuming, and I felt like a zombie just jumping and scanning, rinse and repeat and refuel. On my way back, i did as quoted above. I visited the Crab Nebula, but didn't go exhaustively mapping that place, just a quick photo and off we go. So I wish you guys good luck there.

On the other hand I am now heading to Colonia, and I just passed through the Eagle Nebula, didn't scan more than a couple of systems but... there are a bunch of lined up stars there, an aglomerate of F type stars that are all lined up in a funny way. Anyone looked at it? I know that this is old stuff but something tells me that place, those stars seem like they want to tell something but I couldn't figure it out. Maybe it was just my eyes, I counted them, (tried some crazy hexa codes and vigeneres and what not but 0)rotated them on the galaxy map but, nothing came out of it lol.

After some time in Colonia building reps and engineering some stuff, I'm off to beagle point, and God help me on the way back, lord have mercy, it is going to be loooooong and yawwwwwwning. (I'm already starting to taste the tears of regret and sorrow )
Last edited: Jun 18, 2019
Reactions:
Midian Cabal and Count dEstard