Edelgard von Rhein
E
Jun 18, 2019
#9,044
PeteACarter said:
Right....I've been thinking....if I was in charge of recruitment for an elitist group of explorers, and my brief was to "pick only a handful in each generation", what would make me stop and say..."oooh, what about this guy?"

It cant be gaining Elite explorer, because far more than a handful in each generation are elite explorers.

What about if somebody turned up in my station and sold me exploration data from every single galactic region? That might make me stop and think.

Does anybody know of anybody trying this?

Please somebody tell me I'm nuts, otherwise I'm going to be really tempted to try it, and that is something I will seriously regret about a month in!
Click to expand...
It's an interesting question of who to pick. Yet more significant is why.

The quote is 'the most talented pilots of their generation' iirc, yet talent is hard to quantify. It depends entirely what you want to recruit for. The Dark Wheel has been looking for Raxxla for a long time, over a thousand years. I doubt it's the only thing they've done in that time. As has been mentioned, they have many levels, many organisations under the same banner, which will naturally perform very different functions. They will be constantly doing the same kind of recruitment as any big multi-faceted company, not only looking for people willing to go out into the black in search of Raxxla. They will be looking for people who can bring something unique or valuable to the different organisations.

That ability and willingness to contribute (and be discreet about it) is crucial. You're not going to be the new Supreme Commander or whatever. Like in Premonition, new recruits would start somewhere on the outermost hub and might not even be aware of it. There could be people running missions for a Dark Wheel-owned minor faction without ever realising. They would probably only approach you directly if there's something they need you to do that none of their other members can do.

Maybe the best way to get an invite is just to try and be the best you can be at whatever it is you enjoy doing. Make yourself the go-to person for that. If The Dark Wheel need a task like that done, then maybe they'll get in touch.
Reactions:
Midian Cabal, Count dEstard, [Diplomacy] Carnegie and 2 others