CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Aug 10, 2023
#31,213
simulacrae said:
This could be pointing at an Axis between Achenar and Orion…. Or maybe we need King rank to access a secret imperial base on the moon by flying in at a particular azimuth…... Or is there a system unlock at king rank we need to look at?
Facece unlocks at Earl. If you haven't read the official novel Nemorensis do so - it is important and reinforces this concept to a degree. Though, with Rex Nemorensis from Rome someone has to overthrow the current King/High Priest of the Grove.*

* - Or stop the process from recurring.

Empire/Ranks
There are 14 ranks in the Imperial Navy Auxiliary, which can be joined by any independent pilot. As pilots rise through the ranks, they are rewarded with access to exclusive Imperial ships, missions, and restricted system permits. For players to be promoted through the Empire's ranks, they must...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com

Federation/Ranks
There are 14 ranks in the Federal Navy Auxiliary, which can be joined by any independent pilot. As pilots rise through the ranks, they are rewarded with access to exclusive Federal ships, missions, and restricted system permits. For players to be promoted through the Federation's ranks, they...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com

With the Imperials the highest rank you earn anything is 11/Earl and that is access to Facece. With the Feds, it is 12/Rear Admiral and that grants access to Federal Corvette. The maximum rank for Feds is 14/Admiral. Similarly, with the Imperials the max earnable is at 12/Duke and is the Imperial Cutter. Though, the top Imperial rank is 14/King.

Info on Nemorensis:
Rex Nemorensis - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

Diana Nemorensis - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

Lake Nemi - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

Potential Spoilers:
SPOILER: NEMORENSIS AND RAXXLA/FUTURE SPOILERS

For the record: I think the above spoiler is only part of the bigger picture. This likely isn't Raxxla but may connect to
SPOILER: {REDACTED} RUMORED ORGANIZATION
.

The concept of
SPOILER: CONCEPT FROM {REDACTED} REPEATED IN {REDACTED}



TL;DR: There is a particular cycle that must be stopped at ANY cost. Only then can humanity be free.
Last edited: Aug 10, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae