Rochester
May 5, 2024
#33,963
selbie said:
Well well, speaking of penal mining colonies being liberated by free-thinking vagabonds!!
Thanks for spotting that because the part after it hints at its location.



Frontier world.
Pirate "treasure" in a rich cluster of asteroids.
Literal parallels to Freeholm.
"Deserters" of a captive power.
Independent source of information - thus more trustworthy, like with Lyta Crane.

Something to search for I guess.
Word associations with Beaumont, or a system that was renamed, or at the very least somewhere "far below" Achenar with a belt 2 AU (~500 ls) from a populated planet.
Click to expand...
Yes had noted that, and was interested to see who else picked it up too, especially the potential similarities to the DW text and Lyta Crane.

I do suspect a large part of the Codex is alluding to Brookes book and is interchangeable, it’s rather clever, if intentional.

To date I have only found two systems in the text which don’t correlate to the game. I think this is intentional. The locational information about the ‘Beaumont system’ as it is named, could well be a potential lead, I wonder if it alludes to the area around the Lost Realms zone!

Again if we interpret the names referenced in the book correctly there might be an association with the myth of Persephone; remember that following the line of sight from Demeter to Persephone leads us to the Greek Underworld in game, and that area I call the Lost Realms, which so neatly fits the last segment of the Codex, Atlantis etc.

Does the reference to Beaumont identify a location in game, there ought to be enough information in its description to illicit some perimeters? I believe we have investigated this hypothesis previously, but it was long before my Lost Realms discovery… I think it might have legs…the area of the Lost Realms has a high concentration of systems all named after ‘Otherworlds’, and it’s in the same vicinity of Brookes Tours and a system named after ‘the Guardian of the Eastern Gate’, this area is generally my alternate go-to in opposition to the Miltonian model… I wonder if it still holds some unknown mysteries?

Looking for a system far below Achenar.

A populated system.

A mining base in an asteroid belt ~500ls from a populated planet.

EDSM - Elite Dangerous Star Map
The Galactic Positioning System of Elite: Dangerous at your service.
www.edsm.net

By the way Beaumont is old French for “beautiful mountain”. I have long suspected M Brookes dropped various hints and/or references to ‘mountains’. I had missed this earlier on, this could be the first reference to the ‘mountain’ hypothesis?
Last edited: May 6, 2024
Reactions:
Chorda