selbie
May 5, 2024
#33,961
I've made some further updates to my codex clues. It dawned on me how many strong connections there are now.

The Tau Ceti section of the codex appears to be a direct parallel (omphalos rift) to Legacy.

Art Tornqvist is a figure of authority like Darik who Cora (like Julia) must ask permission to use his ship.
From my earlier research, Art's name can be interpreted as a double meaning for a "bad thorned room" - aka. a prison.
Further extending this metaphor, Art is a SHIPboard mechanic. A ship can be both a floating home and also a place of confinement with no escape - a perfect "narrative vessel" (pun intended!) for the horror stories of the generation ships of Elite.

Tau Ceti was a human colony which had the unfortunate stigma of causing extinction to the local alien life.
Cetus is a monster of the sea, so thus a human "monster" carrying 300 human souls (Tau = 300) arrived to consume the world's life.
Tau Ceti was similarly a symbol of revolt against the established power of Sol.
Achenar was symbolic of this too given how the PF painted them as 'monstrous' as a pretext for attack.

Darik was the hero who sparked the revolt that liberated the colony prison of Freeholm.
Just as the hero of Julia's childrens story would seek to liberate the place of Princess Astrophel's confinement.
Similarly Julia's actions to save Freeholm from the Laphrian Navy's rogue attack.
The frenzy intensified when it was revealed that all of those killed were persons of interest in the investigation about why a rogue Navy operation had attacked Freeholm.
Sounds very familiar to Starship One - another narrative device similarity connecting the game and novel.

Here's some tinfoil icing on the omphalos cake for investigation.
Freeholm wasn't just a political prison, it was a mining colony. I recall the Edifying Will stream where FDev were talking tongue-in-cheek about Raxxla, in the context of deep core mining asteroids.

Timestamped link:
- YouTube
Enjoy the videos and music that you love, upload original content and share it all with friends, family and the world on YouTube.
www.youtube.com

Then you have the Bruce Garrido interview, where he chooses to emphasise the "intriguing idea" that a singular entity is utilising Raxxla.

Source: https://youtu.be/PVnO3WivJR4?si=Pgj7u-B2Xg3vqmFP&t=8705


Could there be a relationship with the early mining colonies? Did one of the early miners unwittingly stumble on a clue about Raxxla which eventually led to the formation of the Dark Wheel?
Edit: aha! another clue connection! - mining colonies just like the mythical one-eyed Arimaspians who possessed gold in the mountains, a treasure which the griffins sought to hoard for themselves.
Last edited: May 5, 2024