selbie
May 5, 2024
#33,962
Rochester said:
OK going over some of the systems mentioned in Legacy, one of them doesn’t seem to exist in game, but oddly it’s given a date.

“Bring up the Beaumont insurrection from 3294”
Well well, speaking of penal mining colonies being liberated by free-thinking vagabonds!!
Thanks for spotting that because the part after it hints at its location.

“The Beaumont system was a frontier world far below Achenar. No official reason or explanation was provided but Federal newsfeeds claimed that a bureaucratic oversight put a pirate clan captured during an Imperial Navy sweep of the area into the same mine where they’d been sent for hard labour. The mining base was positioned in a rich cluster in the asteroid belt around two AUs from the populated planet.”
The parallels with their own position weren’t lost on Julia, or the other pilots.
“Slave revolts in the Empire are rare, however the mine used a higher proportion of penal slaves. They were slaves who had been sentenced rather than bonded. Usually criminals or deserters and in this case pirates. Security at the mine was higher than usual for this type of operation but it backfired. The new prisoners overwhelmed their guards on arrival and were able to release the other slaves.
Most wanted nothing to do with the rebellion, but there were enough who joined them to make use of the hardware available at the station.
“Naturally, . Fortunately for us there was an in the area who filmed most of the recapture operation before he jumped away and sold his story to the newsfeeds.
Click to expand...

Frontier world.
Pirate "treasure" in a rich cluster of asteroids.
Literal parallels to Freeholm.
"Deserters" of a captive power.
Independent source of information - thus more trustworthy, like with Lyta Crane.

Something to search for I guess.
Word associations with Beaumont, or a system that was renamed, or at the very least somewhere "far below" Achenar with a belt 2 AU (~500 ls) from a populated planet.
Last edited: May 5, 2024
Reactions:
Rochester