CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
May 6, 2024
#33,976
Han_Zen said:
I think that is stretch. Tornqvist or Törnqvist / Törnkvist as it is usually written in Swedish is a single word, describing a single object. A twig with thorns.

A kvist is also a structure on a house, like this:
View attachment 392038

Where a one or several vertical windows are placed on a slanted roof and merged in with it's own roof and walls. This increases the usable are of the room under the roof and improves light conditions.

If you where in that part of the house you could say you are in the kvist, but technically the kvist is not the room. It's the structure.
Click to expand...
Don't forget there is a possible relative that works at Imperial Herald: Colm Tornquist (it's an alternate spelling). It is relatively well established phenomenon that family names can change when people move to a new area.

Galactic News: Empire to retake Facece
Galnet News | Elite Dangerous Community Site
community.elitedangerous.com

Colm Tornquist of the Imperial Herald seemed to encapsulate the views of many when he asked: "What is Chancellor Blaine waiting for? Every day that passes is another day in which the people of Facece labour under the dictatorial rule of the Allied Facece Order. Action must be taken!" Almost as soon as this complaint was aired, Clearly Chancellor Blaine announced plans to retake the Facece system:

"I apologise for what some have perceived as a lack of alacrity. I know the Imperial people are eager to see these opportunists removed from Imperial space, but it was essential that we plan our operation carefully to minimise the danger to the people of Facece. Now the planning is over, and order will soon be restored. I implore the people of Facece to remain calm. And to the Allied Facece Order I say this: your days are numbered."

Colm Tornquist
Colm Tornquist is a reporter for the Imperial Herald. In February 3302, he reported on Chancellor Anders Blaine's plans to retake the Facece system. 04 FEB 3302 A little over two weeks ago, the Facece system was occupied by an independent faction known as the Allied Facece Order. The news sent...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com

Colm has connections to royalty.

Colm - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

Isn't Art a potentially shortened version of Arthur as in King Arthur?

King Arthur - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

Last edited: May 6, 2024
Reactions:
selbie, Han_Zen, Rochester and 1 other person