CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 7, 2023
#28,806
cmdr milesred said:
the first time the white stations were mentioned here(recent months) I had only heard a bit about them.

the info that was just put in here about the palms seems kind of relevant.
I did not know of them or why the stations were relevant in any way.
not counting the wiki's, because they get filled in as time goes by and things get found
where did that info come from?
the entire story of the white and why, not just the palms, or is that the actual reason behind the value of those stations?

I wonder if any have been fed to any thargoids yet.
part my fault for ignoring rares as much as I have.

so many items in this game, so many ways to test things.
Click to expand...
It is kind of something I have been piecing together for a long while (and I still don't know all their locations). They are highly correlated to systems in the Frontier gazetteer but there are others, too. It started with Black Mausoleum which is the first confirmed abandoned station (built by Empire but later forgotten over the superpower conflict). The story is covered in Wanted. Palm trees are also a symbol of victory and unification/peace. There is evidence I am looking into that the Feds and Empire made peace in 3008 and this is in the Codex in Elite Dangerous related to Hengist Duval, Federation, Empire, and the beacon Tyrell Biggs' Election in Sol:

Beacon Tyrell Biggs' Election
System: Sol
Distance to Sol: 0.00 ly
Distance to Arrival: 751 ls
Situated: Orbital
Body: Mars
Group: Beacon
Beacon Type: Tourist Beacon
Tourist Spot: 0193

The election of Tyrell Biggs from Mars to the office of President in 3008, saw another change in approach. Biggs had been a Congressman for Mars for a long time, and made extensive use of his diplomatic connections throughout his tenure. During his election, he talked a great deal about the use of diplomacy rather than force.

In 3008 during a lull in the fighting in Alioth, Federal diplomats secretly approached the Imperial court with a proposition that Achenar and its subsidiary systems join the Federation as full members.

This had been attempted before, and had been met with Imperial derision. The proposition included clauses and amendments that would have allowed the Imperial system to qualify for membership despite the differences between Federal and Imperial law on several matters. However, the leak of the documents by Federal spies to other Imperial systems caused widespread unrest, which might have been Biggs' intention all along. For the next decade, this cooled Imperial/Federal relations and caused distrust on both sides.
Click to expand...

I actually found this thread after the fact and have been using it as guide but there are others such as Vonarburg Co-operative in Wyrd and Brooks Estate in Pi-Fang. Link to thread on the white stations as they were called at the time:
White Stations - Have you seen one?

This is my list of suspected and confirmed stations (may not be current) but ones I have listed are definitely palm stations:
White/Palm Tree Stations and Frontiers gazettes
docs.google.com
Last edited: Jan 7, 2023