Jorki Rasalas
Jan 8, 2023
#28,812
Rochester said:
I can confirm Support response was that there were no spelling errors it was intentional (from memory this was circa 2020) sadly the original post is no longer in my Support inbox, I would expect these expire after a certain time. Unless it was in the issue tracker / can’t recall.

<snipped>

I like the idea of a hidden mechanism but, if it were so I would propose FD would just use a different faction name, and not utilise a mis-spelling, as to do so further obfuscated the process to the point of it being counterintuitive?
I take entirely the opposite view!

If Michael Brookes, as the Executive Producer for game creation and early development (alsoan author & therefore presumably keenly aware of correct spelling & continuity) set up a storyline leading/relating to Raxxla and created the Dark Wheel as an essential part of that storyline, and then created a TB saying DW was a faction of PF, then I think the different PF spellings could be a key clue to that storyline. He was the one who said it’s a “personal journey”, and getting to elite rank to receive the SD permit is then a first step along that journey. Those PF TB are only in SD. So to me it is all very suggestive of a Raxxla storyline.

However I have one big caveat. IIRC MB was the only one in the know who mentioned such “a personal journey”; I think any later mention has come from Community Managers who I think have been kept in the dark on Raxxla. I don’t think DB has ever mentioned that phrase & apparently views existing/participating in the ED universe as its own narrative, so I can envisage when MB left FD then that storyline might have been removed and we are just seeing remnants. The correction of the TB spellings might be symptomatic of that, OR it might be symptomatic of the majority of FD not being in the know about Raxxla/storyline and inadvertently correcting a valid clue. Who knows? Probably only DB and MB, and neither are saying anything on this topic. That’s why I think we need further evidence. But at that point I get stuck....

I don't understand the background sim anywhere near enough to consider/comment on that.

@John [Panzertard] Stoutbeard : After 2 years I’m still wearing a thumb brace every night...at least I no longer have to wear it 24/7! This game is definitely dangerous!

I can imagine PilotsFederation as the superpower (& Guardian AI driven/originated????) being the provider of Thargoid combat bonds. However not sure why they would have ranking as well as you getting combat bonds from a local faction (if I understand your journal entries), and presumably therefore also having a ranking increase?? Is there a local PF as well as the superpower PF in every system?? As I say regarding the sim details...

I know nothing, NOTHING!
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and Rochester