John Stoutbeard
Jan 8, 2023
#28,813
Rochester said:
if it were so I would propose FD would just use a different faction name, and not utilise a mis-spelling
Jorki Rasalas said:
I don't understand the background sim anywhere near enough to consider/comment on that.
Jorki Rasalas said:
getting to elite rank to receive the SD permit is then a first step along that journey. Those PF TB are only in SD

That's the topic : "Have MB/DB have put in place conditions to allow commander discovery of Raxxla?"
No need to understand the BGS, it is a different thing.

Misspelling in public articles has no bearing on conditional checks. Conditional checks uses a 'PilotsFederation' reference (this is the Named-ID of the faction).
Spelling errors in Tourist Beacons (which are pieces of story IMHO) most likely use text that was typed by staff.
Spelling errors in ID (such as a faction ID) would be critical.
Spelling errors in the Localisation (or displayname of the faction, displayed on your screen) is irrelevant, unless MB intended to confuse us.

I'll humor you with another Rhetorical question - this is just an example
If I was MB, would I have put conditions in front of the Raxxla discovery? Absolutely.
What conditions would I have used?
Game progress condition; Elite Pilot/Trade/explorer rank.
Discovered some clues; Must have visited "Place ABC" + "Found Beacon 1, 2 and 3".
Superpower reputation: Alliance (ally)
Faction TDW : Ally
Faction XYZ: Enemy
A timed condition? Perhaps a 30 day one? Inbox notification of XYZ? Expires after 30 days.
Travel trought certain systems System CYZ+System ABC+System GHI?
Must have found a certain Key, Software Decryption Key? From scanning a Beacon/Outpost/Encoded USS ... ? (I read all my inbox scanning messages, it's Tinfoil deluxe).

Back to real-John now.
Do I believe PF and TDW reputation is part of a condition to access Raxxla?
Most likely, I'm in the 75% ballpark convinced it is. Which rank for each of them then? Hostile, cordial, ally - I don't know.

For any other conditions, except the 'Elite' requirement, I don't know.
This is what I try to learn to try/fail loops while I'm playing.
I try to keep my Inbox busy with discoveries & notifications and using my knowledge from the Codex & general state of the Storylines to match up whats important.
Last edited: Jan 8, 2023