Ian Doncaster
Saturday at 4:02 PM
#35,679
Zimous said:
Consoles on Odyssey rings a bell? They outright lied about that, amongst many other things, many more if you include Braben's statements during the crowd funding.
Being wrong or over-optimistic and having to revise things later isn't a lie.

(They said a lot of really inadvisable things during the Kickstarter about their future plans, but it's fairly clear that they believed at the time that they could do them)

Zimous said:
Do you really believe that the reason noone found Raxxla in 10 years is because of lack of trying?
Lack of trying the right thing, yes. People can spend ten years on a completely wrong theory and no matter how much time they spend it's not going to work. For example the people currently putting massive effort into Sol to start a conflict between Mother Gaia and Sol Worker's Party are going to fail to find Raxxla ... because Sol has a capital-class BGS lock which makes starting conflicts impossible. Trying harder isn't going to help them.

If you look at the in-game puzzles which were eventually solved - even the moderately simple ones which were intended to be solved quickly and only took a few days - the number of people who were trying something on the right lines was completely dwarfed by the number of people trying something completely wrong (and usually on the over-complex than over-simple side)

Raxxla, because the baseline clues are so opaque (pre-Codex, almost non-existent), attracts an even higher number of wrong ideas.

(This is nevertheless helpful, I think, at this stage: any correct theory now has to include an explanation for why no-one has just happened to stumble across it yet; some theories have a harder time of this than others)

Zimous said:
But don't let this keep you from searching, just make sure you keep your expectations at bay.
Well, I don't think anyone is searching with the expectation that they'll be the one to actually find it.
Reactions:
Cmdr Walt71 and Planewalker