Jorki Rasalas
Jun 12, 2023
#30,641
Allen Stroud said:
Define it however you choose. I wouldn't describe the relationship that way though. "flavourful entertainment" sounds a bit too much like "fluff" for me.

Every major SF franchise has a different relationship between texts. Star Trek is particularly interesting with many of the earlier novels completely caveated out of the continuity, but providing more stories about characters, etc.

Elite Dangerous is not like that. There have been many critical readings of the books looking for clues to Raxxla. I am sure (the late Michael Brookes aside) every writer would love their book to be the pathway to Raxxla. But ultimately, these are writers who have a finite story to tell in the pages of their novel or other official text. The limitations on each story during the approval process were, in part, to prevent engineering debt in the game design. For example, I have an old Krait and old Vipers in my story, the latter are described as 'coffin rockets' which gives an indication as to why they were decomissioned. These elements were accepted because they added to the general story and didn't require Frontier to create these ships. The new versions (in game) weren't announced when my book was finalised.

By all means, investigate the books for clues. But, if those clues lead to Raxxla, it is because someone at Frontier made a decision to connect the narrative of the game to the narrative of one of the books, not because the author (writer of the book) encoded it there.

With regards to Michael. He wrote two SF novels during that period. His preferred one was the non Elite novel,. The approval process for occurred some time after the rest of the books (I'm pretty sure he and David Braben dealt with that). It doesn't really contain what many of us believed he was going to write - the actual sequel to .
Ah, I wasn’t implying I think the novels are “fluff” (i.e. trivial or superficial) but instead meant they are stories with a theme/angle (their own “flavour”/storyline) set in the ED universe but not impacting on the game’s storyline. So they are using aspects of the game universe to provide a context for their stories, but are not setting requirements on the game...a game->novel unidirectional flow of context. Clearly FD helped the authors by contributing effort to include some in-game factors which help define that context for the novels (stations, planets etc).

No, I no longer look for any hint to the pathway to Raxxla, or extra lore for the game, in the novels. I’ve read them all with that aim but found nothing. I reread MB’s Elite Legacy quite recently looking for clues (logically any clues to Raxxla would be in a book written by him) & posted my thoughts in the thread.

MB himself said in response to a forum question on a TDW successor “FD did look at a story involving Raxxla, but felt that was a story that should be played out in game rather than as a novel”. What puzzles us is the apparent lack of that story; the in-game codex, logo, toast etc aren’t what I’d say is a story (I’m an Agatha Christie/Dorothy L Sayers fan!), there seem to be some possible hints therein but no plot linking them. Maybe FD dropped that story when MB moved on. But no matter, we’ll still keep questing for Raxxla.

I did get around to reading Sun Dragon last week, but I’m afraid I didn’t enjoy it, too clinical for my taste. However it was interesting to see where his thoughts (expressed IIRC years ago in the old Canonn UA thread ) on plasma-based life were leading.
Reactions:
Rochester, simulacrae and Darrack