CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jun 12, 2023
#30,647
Jorki Rasalas said:
Still questing!
A major part of my current hypothesis is that “Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars” is an anagram of the clue to Raxxla’s whereabouts. Also, that it is hidden in a planetary ring.
Current anagram Possibilities:

Alien at Dahan three ring

at Dahan three ring i/ii

at Dahan c ring three

Alien ship at Io/Callisto/Dione/Rhea/Ariel

At Rhea/Arial in Sol

At Rhea ring in Sol

Alien ship at Rhea ring Sol

At Lassel ring in Sol - Neptune’sbroadest ring

At Pallene ring arc in Sol,Saturn

At Anthe ring arc in Sol,Saturn

At D/C/A/Ering in Sol, Saturn

At alpha/eta/delta ring in Sol, Uranus

At three A ring in Shinrarta

Dahan 2 & 3 rings.

Grandmort? (No “m” in the anagram!)

The latter from the description of Trinkets of Hidden Fortune mentioning statuettes, which we know are produced there.

Currently in Dahan. This is interesting because it’s the only one of the 8 systems in the game beta bubble (Asellus Primus, Eranin, Dahan, LP98-132, Aulin, LHS 3006, Styx, i Bootis) that has planetary rings and fits the anagram idea. DB said to Drew Wagar at the time of the Beta that Raxxla was in-game, so the beta bubble is a possibility!
Dahan is also of interest from the toast because planet 2 is Hathor. In Stargate scifi series Hathor possessed stealth technology, allowing her to become completely invisible. Also for the ancient Egyptians Hathor was the mother/consort to Horus the Sky, i.e. mother of galaxies? Dahan 2e is named “wanderer”-vagabond! Dahan 2a is named Coltan, an ore of tantalum which is used in fsd drives-whisperer in witchspace?

I still prefer Sol as the location of Raxxla, and think it is at either Saturn or Neptune. Think the logo is pointing to Saturn-the first planet with a hexagonal storm (named “Omphalos”) at the time. Jupiter and Neptune also have hexagonal storm systems but Jupiter’s wasn't known on game release, it was observed by the Juno probe circa 2019. But Dahan has merit !
On this note, the story Faust from Further Tales of Life on Frontier may relate here (there's a lot more of a system description scattered throughout the story). Admittedly, I read this because of Michael Brookes passing (especially as he wrote a book entitled Faust 2.0). I was seeing if some of these ideas may have informed Raxxla. Anyway, does anyone know if a white dwarf system with planets: Sin, Contrition, Atonement?

Our current course will take us close to a planetary body in orbit around this system's sun. The body in question has two satellites and is of sufficient size and density to sustain exploitable mineral resources. Do you wish to survey this body?"

"Yes, I think that would be a good idea. At least I stand to get something out of this little detour. Besides which, I've always wanted to name a planet. We'll call these three ... Sin, Contrition ... and Atonement."

There a ship with a robot from as far back as before the first emperor onboard that knows about the mission to establish peace with Thargoids. Some of these missions may not have been well-intentioned, however:

"The Emperor proposed an alliance with the Thargoids with a view to defeating the Federation. Captured Federation and independent star systems would be divided equally between the Empire and the Thargoids."

"You ... were proposing ... to make an alliance ... with the Enemy? To give half the human race into slavery under alien rulers? How could you even think of doing such a thing? How could you participate in such an act?"

"Not my race." said the robot simply. "The affairs of organic life-forms are not my concern."

"Oh, wonderful. That's a very responsible attitude. Do you have any sense of loyalty?"

"I have been designed to obey explicitly the directives that I am issued." said the robot.

"That's not what I asked." She shook her head. "I might have known. It shouldn't surprise me to learn that the Empire was willing to sell half of humanity down the river."

"Not the Empire alone."

"What?"

"Similar missions were also dispatched by the Federation. And by several independent corporations. All had similar objectives. The formation of an alliance with the aliens, with a view to attaining a decisive superiority in their conflicts with pre-existing human enemies."

The ship is set to crash eventually into white dwarf. It was course corrected by the human who stumbled upon a derelict Imperial ship. I think Raxxla is the ship.

Story is here:
Fuast: a short story by S.L.A.M. | Dream-Ware
Further Stories of Life oh the Frontier: Faust. A short story by S.L.A.M. - Dream-Ware
www.dream-ware.co.uk
Last edited: Jun 13, 2023