Jorki Rasalas
Jun 13, 2023
#30,655
Jorki Rasalas said:
Still questing!
A major part of my current hypothesis is that “Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars” is an anagram of the clue to Raxxla’s whereabouts. Also, that it is hidden in a planetary ring.
Current anagram Possibilities:

Alien at Dahan three ring

at Dahan three ring i/ii

at Dahan c ring three

Alien ship at Io/Callisto/Dione/Rhea/Ariel

At Rhea/Arial in Sol

At Rhea ring in Sol

Alien ship at Rhea ring Sol

At Lassel ring in Sol - Neptune’sbroadest ring

At Pallene ring arc in Sol,Saturn

At Anthe ring arc in Sol,Saturn

At D/C/A/Ering in Sol, Saturn

At alpha/eta/delta ring in Sol, Uranus

At three A ring in Shinrarta

Dahan 2 & 3 rings.

Grandmort? (No “m” in the anagram!)

The latter from the description of Trinkets of Hidden Fortune mentioning statuettes, which we know are produced there.

Currently in Dahan. This is interesting because it’s the only one of the 8 systems in the game beta bubble (Asellus Primus, Eranin, Dahan, LP98-132, Aulin, LHS 3006, Styx, i Bootis) that has planetary rings and fits the anagram idea. DB said to Drew Wagar at the time of the Beta that Raxxla was in-game, so the beta bubble is a possibility!
Dahan is also of interest from the toast because planet 2 is Hathor. In Stargate scifi series Hathor possessed stealth technology, allowing her to become completely invisible. Also for the ancient Egyptians Hathor was the mother/consort to Horus the Sky, i.e. mother of galaxies? Dahan 2e is named “wanderer”-vagabond! Dahan 2a is named Coltan, an ore of tantalum which is used in fsd drives-whisperer in witchspace?

Edit
Egyptian mythology often has Hathor wearing a crown of a sun between two horns, hence the jewel could be the star. The toast could therefore be said by someone who could simultaneously see Dahan star, Hathor planet and Wanderer moon....possibly in Hathor’s rings, possibly elsewhere in the system.


I still prefer Sol as the location of Raxxla, and think it is at either Saturn or Neptune. Think the logo is pointing to Saturn-the first planet with a hexagonal storm (named “Omphalos”) at the time. Jupiter and Neptune also have hexagonal storm systems but Jupiter’s wasn't known on game release, it was observed by the Juno probe circa 2019. But Dahan has merit !
Oh, just remembered another reason for investigating Dahan. There was an interesting news item a while ago: Dahan-Smithy’s Claim galnet reference 5 September 3300 (i.e. 2014), puzzled FSD mechanics “These cores are normally good for 1000 light years, and yet nearly 1 in 20 of my customers has needed a complete drive overhaul, where have these Commanders been flying?”

I did investigate that a while ago but couldnt find anything, but suspect it was a hint...
Dahan Gateway orbits moon Smithy’s Claim.... Gateway???
Reactions:
Rochester, simulacrae and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian