Thatchinho
Apr 5, 2019
#7,291
On a slightly different topic.

@Han_Zen , I hope this post didn’t come across as a urine extraction out of the Gallia idea.
Thatchinho said:
And the Raxxla symbol is an asterix.

And at the Guardian sites we find obelisks.



Clearly the next step is to do with dogmatism!!

Click to expand...
If, so my apologies. It was just a bit of taking the (solid) core concept and doing a bit of fun real law of fives riffing on the subject.

Edit - just for clarity, it’s general comments after this point rather than saying stuff directly to you HZ. I know you’re all over this kind of stuff.

The actual topic’s a very good one, and worth a lot of extra consideration IMHO.

There’s a solid in-game precedent with the naming of the Thargoids.

For anyone who doesn’t know where the name comes from (in-game), one of the few videos to be captured of an early incursion into core space by unknown ships captured a closeup of one of the ships. Some people thought they could see the letters T H A R G on the ship. Others disagreed and said that it was just meaningless marks, but the idea stuck and people nicknamed the aliens ‘Thargoids’.

(As an aside, my pet conspiracy theory on that one was that it was actual letters, and was the middle of a set of words - Earth Argos or something like that. )

Guardians is just a nickname given by Ram Tah. Similar principle for Mudlarks, one would expect.

Anyway, point being that it’s a very real and credible possibility that the word Raxxla is just what something looked like, or even that it’s a romanisation of a sound.

A writing system based on a square or rectangle with diagonals would be able to display something which could be read as Raxxla very easily for example.
_
R = |

a = |\

x = X

l = | or |_

ll could even be both sides of a single square.

Romanisation’s an interesting topic in the context too. Particularly when considering anything which might originate with another species, as their natural mechanism for vocalisation/audio communication might be hugely different to ours and there’s no default reasons to think they would be the same as ours (well no default reason that doesn’t involve TV & Film SFX budgets & tech, anyway! )
Last edited: Apr 5, 2019