simulacrae
Apr 19, 2021
#22,959
Darth Ender said:
There will be no clues is exactly a statement that there will never be clues. It's the mouth piece of Fdev with directive from his higher ups on what he can and cannot say about raxxla telling the public that there will be no clues.

That means that the existence of the codex requires it to not be a clue. Or you dont believe what Fdev has stated about raxxla. End of story. there is no cherry picking there. Just language and facts.

I'm not sure what is confusing there. Either you dont trust what Fdev has stated and thus anything is possible, or you do and have to conclude that the codex and everything in the game that might mention raxxla is not a clue/hint/puzzle that will point you in the direction of raxxla's whereabouts.


I mean, it's not like he said "i'm not going to tell you any clues". He stated that there would be no clues. Now of course, fdev has retconned their own stuff in the past and could always decide to reverse course here. But until someone gets an alternative statement from them, that's what we have to go on. We can only assume that any in-game content mentioning raxxla is not a clue in any way to where it's located. or you've decided you can't trust fdev and then literally anything is possible. Which makes for fun lore writing, and not much else.
Click to expand...
Ya- I get where you are coming from on this. We are all picking and choosing bits because Its very hard to come up with anything that fits the whole. My personal take on that was that he was responding to the direct question and not giving a broad sweeping statement. And "clues" meant just that - out of game "clues" like the filthy tweets they give (anti twitterite here). But I dont consider ingame or in text stuff on raxxla as "clues" in the same sense. They are part of the story in my mind and part of the in game "path" to finding it.... but ya that is my interpretation of it. Like you said earlier I would prefer the more "entertaining" route
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420