Mattius101
Sep 16, 2020
#18,925
Garand1987 said:
I’m sill tootin around in my Lakon AspX thought many times of switching over but she’s been with me so long and far that I can’t bear to part with it now.

Honestly the phantom moves better is tougher and can go further
Garand1987 said:
I think it is in the game personally. I believe DB even said that it is in game and FDEV knows where it is. But like the Zurara which was originally just a mangled Anaconda they kept its location really hard to just stumble across or even actively find until they had it as they wanted it. I do think it’s possible to find it, but until they can put on a real show with it they’re gonna keep it really hard to find or get to.
with atmospherics and whatnot coming and all that I think with the years they’ve had to mull it over and get things right they’re probably near ready to make it a little easier to find. Still really hard I hope, don’t want it handed to us on a platter like they did with the Rift, but something to go on to pull the thread a bit. I think them adding a codex entry for it and all that indicates they’re getting pretty confident in what they have to offer for raxxla near future.

Since you brought up the guardians tho I really can’t help but notice how similar the design features of the ruins are to the raxxla symbol. Could be, perhaps, that Raxxla is the guardian home world that expedition was trying to find and the symbol is the shape of the ruin or civilization there? And why green? Doubt they picked the color just because it looked cool.
Click to expand...
The placeholder thing could well be the case, but having totally new assets to flesh out a mythical world would be a million times better. It stops people from being upset I guess.

The guardian story is quite obviously unfinished, they would be foolish to leave it as it is and I do personally believe that we will be seeing the Guardian AI make an appearance in some way.

Got high Hope's for oddessy anyway. So far what I have seen has been great.
Reactions:
Vetinari and [PS4] Filthymick420