Jorki Rasalas
Sep 17, 2020
#18,940
Vetinari said:
I havent read the books, which one was that? Just curious as Zuara et al & HF & Conflux was placed early / beginning in a 180 degree arc away from the Thargs in the PS, which means it had changed by that time already doesnt it? Retconned between the books and the initial game? Was there time? IF yes it fills in quite a few gaps all over the place and puts a timestamp on the ongoing retcon from 'Elite - FFE' to 'The Novels' to 'ED' (to possibly wherever we are now or may be going back to the original ED but after the Novels if that was the final plan just waiting for the game to catch up to move it forwards)

Ah, googled & it was (https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Project_Dynasty):
“John Harper, author of And Here The Wheel, wrote in a Kickstarter comment:

"You don't know what I've seen. I've sailed beyond the Formidine Rift, seen the fleets of Octagonal ships blocking out the stars. I've stood on lost worlds, sterilised clean by the Thargoids and erased from humanity's maps. I've seen the graves from the Thargoid wars, countless headstones stretching beyond the curvature of the horizon, little spots of reflected light dottering the abandoned continent ..."
“
Just adding the reference to the refsource thread!

I suspect someone at FD realised it would be a bit confusing & poor gameplay design to place both the Dynasty Plot and a Bovomit-based goid threat “across the Formidine Rift” in the same direction and so they locked Col70 etc and moved the goid threat there (but left Bovomit locked for future gameplay-maybe Rogue Guardian AI since it could fit the FRift ELINT intercept message logs of strange heat signatures, feeling of threat etc, though that could also be due to space madness & paranoia since humans had supposedly never been so far from home before). Must have been in 2016 as I started playing around October 2015 & the lockdown happened after that.
Last edited: Sep 17, 2020
Reactions:
Crimson Echo, [PS4] Filthymick420 and Vetinari