Rochester
Nov 10, 2022
#27,805
cmdr milesred said:
carry 8 to 16
go to Delphi
they were so noisy in Delphi I wanted to eject them.
they make tones
many sounds actually
but tones according to what seems to be in front of you.
2 make 2 tones
4 make 4 tones
8 make 8 tones

most of the time it seems quite random
occasionally it is not.

Listen to the sounds of the galaxy through them
it is not the same when you carry trinkets.

I can't help but equate the trinkets with 'Eyes to see", eyes that see

and check out this thread jan 28 2021 where Jorki mentions Falconscreech who also did this and then some.
the Raxxla Hunters.
kudos.

I believe their value to be noticeable when there are more than 4 in your cargo.
8 or 16 being optimal.

Even though the trinkets trail is said to be dead, I think they still have value, or rather a function.
intended or not.
They are still in the game and they are not silent.
Click to expand...
If they perform differently in a particular system than they do elsewhere this would indicate a mechanism, it needs to be tested to verify.

FD stated the Trinkets were linked to the DW mission story, but it was archived, they presently to use their own description are just a ‘curiosity’, they may turn that story back on.

I have that as feedback via Support via Devs, if that’s not been listed previously (presume I did) I can repost.

On its own doesn’t say definitively one thing either way, there is room for speculations as FD may have turned them on when the Codex was dropped. Who knows. But if we are proposing they are active and they make noises now we need to test them.

Entertaining the hypothesis they could be working they have a strong link to the dark Wheel via ‘Fortuna’ / lady fortune and Fortune Wheel. They are crystals too which may correlate to the silent song of the ‘crystalline spheres’ that were attributed to the DW missions.

If they omit a harmonic then it ought to be processed for a visual pattern.
Last edited: Nov 10, 2022
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian