cmdr milesred
Nov 10, 2022
#27,807
if it helps
npc's sometimes do thing that make no sense
that cobra III's seems to be a common carrier for trinkets, but never just 1
npc behavior is fascinating at times.
I have said this more than once
wisdom can be gained by watching sometimes.
following them
mimicking them

fdev has many ships in the game that seem pointless, but are not.
my fav example are the PP cargo haulers that can't dock at outposts, yet that is where they go.
follow one.
trinkets aside, there is much to learn just by watching.

I have learned much from watching
in a cz, what ships are npc.
in a haz res, what ships are npc, what ships are always there
every place needs a question
Thargoid base site, what all is there, why is anything there if it is dead? is it dead?
the list goes on

why is there a krait at the edge of my view almost always...
how do Pirates follow me everywhere and anywhere?
How does the SAR know when I need him?

I learned that waay back then, I could afford the aspX, it is in cz's because it is a rock. an amazing ship.
every ship in a cz is important.
every haz res has identical things, what are they.

haz res taught me, don't shoot all conda's
do shoot all Imperial Freighters(Clipper) some bias here...

some npc's are dumbed down and/or nerfed for us slow humans....
as in some are there to help, to lead, to show off..

beacons, remember the first discussion?
they can't be flipped...everyone said so.
I managed to flip 1, several times in 2015. 3 times.
That one event taught me so much about the game. It really taught me to not believe/trust any tests from anyone else.
it taught me facts are only facts, once they are proven.
Then the BGS did more of the same, trust no test not done yourself.
Sooo much of the existing BGS info was/is wrong.
Areas tested by hundreds of people, probably thousands. yet sooo many got so much wrong.
Learning how to test things is NOT for everyone.
As a programmer, I tend to apply logic along with my scientific approach.
the game is not so shallow that there is no depth to many things, contrary to so many cmdr's belief's.
my fav ex of this, is the beam laser. it is by no means a simple weapon. most of its features are ignored and undesirable by so many.
It is the one reason I really love combat, this is a B5 Weapon.
It has features that are not measured.
Imperial Hammer is another
both are disliked by many, as in the IH is weak(not even, another multi-featured/function weapon)
the Beam, I always thought all the arguments over it was due to the, 'Tell a Lie and it weakens the opposition if they believe you'
because why arm the opposition well? why tell others about the best features of the most versatile weapon.
same goes for the BGS for supporting Anarchy, why tell people where the real riches are, why tell anyone else how to control Anarchy and why they should?
I got some flak for telling many secrets people did NOT want shared. no bounties for anarchies my foot, this is what I do.
enuf
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian