Jorki Rasalas
Apr 26, 2023
#30,140
Rochester said:
Yes I suppose it does feel like that, but it’s evident from FD choice to build and promote the DW and Raxxla Codex’s that whatever was before, something new is now in game.
OR they just removed the old E/F missions because, as said above, the TDW in SD are usurpers, and those missions led nowhere...I think the question that then arises is why hasn't the faction itself actually been deleted?

The Missions disappeared before I got involved in the Quest, but it seems to me that they were indeed obfuscation. Reading the OP info on them they promised much but didn't lead anywhere. It may be that the data crystals that in the SAP8 containers were sought were intended to lead to Guardian sites, but they jumped around the bubble and didn't appear to have a satisfactory outcome. I’ve pointed out that if you examine SAP8 containers they appear to be identical to Trinkets of Hidden Fortune, they have the same serial number. So is that their real purpose? To lead us to investigate Trinkets? Their description is “a very rare commodity that is strictly prohibited in almost every jurisdiction, linked to TDW faction. container appears to hold an assorted collection of low-value trinkets, knick-knacks and statuettes (Grandmort??). Such trinkets are generally used by superstitious pilots to try and win favour with the lady Fortuna. However, these particular knick-knacks have a much more valuable prize hidden within.”

That bit about being ‘linked to TDW faction’ and having a ‘more valuable prize hidden within’ intrigues me. And why are they strictly prohibited everywhere? That doesn't make sense unless they contain some deadly toxin, OR FD is making their importance highly apparent.

Edit
Fortuna is an in-game system, not checked there yet.

I have just bought MB’s Sun Dragon book, but havent got very far into it yet. Not holding out much hope for ED clues though.

In Legacy he did have heroine Julia as a girl “dreamed of being the first pilot to discover Raxxla”. As a girl Julia grew up without toys with a single possession, a book “about a young man’s quest to save a princess from an alien dragon” (ad for his Sun Dragon book, or a clue?? Compare with “Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars” book reference in Codex). Before the events of Legacy unfolded she wanted to leave Freeholm Satation and make her own way in life. She hoped to keep her Eagle as she’d grown accustomed to its idiosyncrasies...”whether it was a suitable ship for travelling all the way to Alliance spacewas another matter”.
So is that a clue that Raxxla lies in Alliance space???
Last edited: Apr 26, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Dox Paradox and Rochester