Rochester
Apr 25, 2023
#30,127
Again should be a link on page 1, but technically there is no official public statement issued regarding them.

If you were to ask FD support about this tomorrow, they very likely will state they still exit, because we’ve discovered through our combined investigations ‘Support’ aren’t actually privy to any internal information without a Devs intervention.

FD only confirmed these particular missions removed, to us, after we here cross-examined them, and they had to admit via a Dev support ticket they were in fact removed (page 1). No ‘reason’ was ever provided.

We can only hypothesis why.

Very likely it could be due to a clash with new code; an existing bug; simply poor implementation; Cmdrs being too good at finding things (before they were meant) etc. etc.

If you can find any related missions do let us know!

But as far as we have found out the Devs have confirmed to us those missions were just removed, anything left in situ regarding that ‘story’ is just a ‘curiosity’ they then indicated it ‘may be’ turned back on?

It’s all in my opinion potentially tied to a now redundant narrative time-line; which would I’m hypothesising, have led us eventually towards the Thargoid and Guardian narratives. Or part of the larger narrative which was just paused.

In my opinion this created a gap and they filled it with a basic filler, I’m presuming their initial narrative was far more detailed and potentially mission driven….or a really cool Holdstock Easter Egg, or it was a pre-cursor of Brookes unwritten book…

The existence of the codex, which was inserted after this fact, is the only reliable information. Many here feel it is the only reliable insight and potentially holds some hidden directions.

It’s possible FD repurposed elements from that narrative and constructed the codex to give us hints and clues, but generally everyone is in the dark.

That is not to say any older information is irrelevant, in fact it’s likely very insightful. It all depends upon if Raxxla’s location hasn’t been altered, did FD change anything? Is it narratively locked?

We don’t know. But the existence of the codex as ‘new information’ is I feel evidence it exists and can be found.

Any new insight is welcome. All ideas are welcome. Good hunting O7.
Last edited: Apr 25, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Macros Black and Dox Paradox