Louis Calvert
Dec 13, 2022
#28,416
Han_Zen said:
We have been messing quite a bit with this interpretation of the Raxxla symbol, in the past. There are several ways it can be viewed.
Personally I have mostly focused on the interpretation with Sol as the centre. This is because of the Sun symbol in the logo.


The idea is then that the the use of the word Omphalos, suggests that Raxxla would lie somewhere on the vertical axis (location 1 -2 on the drawing).
That limits the search to the four locations, that makes up the horizontal plane (location 3-4 and 5-6).

We would still miss the distance though. This could possibly be indicated by other elements in the Raxxla symbol.
Click to expand...
Could well be! I wonder if that vertical axis, in your example here, might be Polaris then? Edit: I just realise Polaris relates to Earth's axis, not Sol.. right?

As you so rightly say, there's a lot of interpretations

While Sol is the most common (and probably most likely) solution in astrology and astronomical symbols, the circumpunct is also used for a few other things. Including just any other solar system (EDDB.io uses it to denote systems, for example). I was interested in the idea of it being a vector point out of the plane, which would give us another axis, so to speak, but I'm too dumb that really understand how that works.

Did you see this I posted a while back too?



It might just represent the Omphalos itself too..

Rochester said:
The toast as a map would make sense if viewed from Raxxla, the 6 points being landmarks visible from that location.

It’s the first concept I developed, but never applied due to not having a reliable source for all these 6 points… that’s ‘if’ they represent 6 points; in the same breath the introduction is equally describing just one thing.
Personally I was wondering if the 6 locations (assuming the 6 point axis) were redundancy in the clues. Like, you could probably get the location with the right 2 or 4 pairs of locations, but having all 6 correctly would be 100% accurate?

Also, I've been doing a lot of work on the Toast... I don't think it's what we've been thinking it is. Consider this:

The Toast:
I believe The Toast refers to Raxxla itself, it's not a clue as to how to get there. It contains some information on how to identify Raxxla, but nothing relating to its location. It may represent the information that the Dark Wheel has on Raxxla, or the information they commonly cite.

"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!"

- Alleged toast of the Dark Wheel

Expressed as a standard paragraph, we could read this as:

Raxxla, the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies. It is the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void. Raxxla is the parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts.

Explaining these sentences:

"The jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies"

Raxxla is in the Milky Way - our “mother” galaxy. Describing it as a jewel explains how important and valuable it is. Possibly also relating to its appearance.

"The whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void"

Raxxla may have some influence within Witchspace, it emits sounds that could be whispers (possibly radio transmissions), and (like the Sirens of ancient Greece), when people hear the sound they are compelled to investigate. This could help locate it, if it does have a 'sound' then maybe when we're close (jumping in systems nearby) maybe there's actually a change in the Witchspace sounds to give us a clue as to proximity.

"The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts."

Relating to the sacrifices necessary to the search, how many have gone missing, etc.
Last edited: Dec 13, 2022
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, Edelgard von Rhein, Rochester and 1 other person