Rochester
Nov 21, 2022
#27,985
SongOfTheVoid said:
Thinking the Hexagon can erode at all is merely a lack of knowledge of how they work and a assumption that the Hexagon is some form of generic storm, it is not and it occurs over and over and over again throughout science, in this case of gas giants you are looking at Rossby wave deformations nothing more. The appearance can come and go in natural cycles the same as it does on elsewhere in nature, from the Quantum scale to Gas giants its pretty standard.

"They didn't because it's environmental storytelling. The hexagon - according to present theories - is the result of deep storms (or aliens ). It looks to me like Fdev are showing us "Something happened to Saturn in the last millennia that's altered it's cloud patterns"."
Incorrect, Rossby Wave Deformations, its incredibly basic science if someones ever told you "Teh Alienz" you should block them as an idiot trying to hinder actual progress.
For context I was not presuming the vortex had eroded, I was being sardonic. I was extrapolating an implausible solution, which I assumed was to be taken as sarcasm, sorry, it’s the lowest form of wit especially on a Monday.

I don’t refute the science, which as I attempted to interject ( poorly) is likely an example of art imitating life, eg the core reason being the same scientific principle underlying both; but my overarching proposition is its not intentional on FD point.

My emphasis is not intended as confrontation but simply being devils advocate.

I propose the shape viewed is simply an artefact of the Stella forge, not a true representation or a projected representation of the real hexagon of Saturn. I’m siding ultimately to it being omitted either due to ignorance or intentionally, however why it was intentional omitted is open to scrutiny, as it can assist with other investigations, to better understand FD approach.

I hope @Louis Calvert investigations uncover something, as it is a more exciting and interesting a concept than simply - ‘couldn’t be bothered’. Sadly my opinion of FD has lost its lustre over time and their recent communication with Calvert only goes to strengthen my opinion.

However, as I proposed earlier to Calvert, test, test, test and look for more evidence to give back to FD to get a clear answer.

Historical lore does indicate some anomalies to the narrative of Sol, again are these inconsistencies or intentional obfuscation.
Last edited: Nov 21, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and SongOfTheVoid