Suhurrat
S
Nov 22, 2022
#27,999
Hello commanders, your crazy explorer again. In my previous posts, I told how I compared stories with the lore of the elite, and the approximate data fit perfectly on the map of the galaxy of the game. And so. For several days I jumped around the nearest systems checking theories, so far I have not found anything significant except 2 things.

Earlier I told you that data from books and stories can still be superimposed on the game if you swap many things. For example, in the book Alien worlds, mechanoids frightened and then attacked the insectoid race. There is a moment with the projection of the Raxxlans on the planet of the insectoids. It was described as the beholder's eye.


"The Eye Of The Beholder. A Raxxlan projection which appeared above the primitive world Winter D, populated by sentient, but unadvanced insectoids. The Eye became an overwhelming symbol of the evil that stared from the heavens, so disorienting the creatures that the Oisir-Raxxla were able to build their structure and depart without life being lost."

Why did I remember that?

If we reverse the data, and taking into account stargoids, then the most interesting regions in our sleeve will be the Barnard Loop nebula.
However, I'm not flying into the loop itself, but to the Rigel star. From there I will think where to go next.
And while I was flying, I got this image.


As we know, the horse's head, as well as a huge number of sectors of the nebula itself, is closed with permit. However, stargoids were seen for the first time coming from somewhere behind this nebula.

I also advise you to pay attention to this link

And this

My guesses were also confirmed, although the codex indicates that there are many different guardians buildings in the Synuefe region, but I also found enough buildings (ruins) behind this region. In Col 173 and also in the Flya region. By regions, I mean clusters of systems with that name. In previous posts, I only assumed about the availability.

Now I assume that i need to look for something beyond the Bernard nebula, there further into deep space.

So far, my guesses are confirmed by small crumbs. I don't know what the frontiers will arrange with the arrival of the targoids, but it seems to me that a lot is still not open. And so far, an eye from the depths is looking at me.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert