Rochester
Feb 8, 2024
#33,301
There’s the issue that in Paradise Lost Satan travels through Hell first after his fall, it’s a big place. The gates of hell are actually on the outskirts on this realm, at its most southerly aspect. Not above its centre.

There are a number of classical Greek named systems named after established Greek underworld locations, these all look to form a triangle, Pandemonium was the capital in Paradise Lost, but it was not at the centre. It was on a southern aspect.

This gets confusing in game, what I base my orientation upon is the Greek wind compass.

At first glance it doesn’t look logical. But there are numerous other examples in game of theological systems with a north / south element. And when compared against this Greek compass they align. So the axis I feel could well be shifted.

In regards to the Greek underworld systems. Pandemonium is in game upon a southerly aspect. If we accept the path of Jacques as the path of Satan to the gates of hell, it too is upon a southern direction.

My recent assessment about where the base of Chaos might be, was based on interpretations of the text from Paradise Lost which gives the impression the lowest aspect was Erebus.

This system also sits upon a bubble of systems surrounding Sol all named after storm or thunder gods. I presume this denotes the zone of chaos.

If you draw a line between these it aligns with the path of jaques.

The Northernly aspect then upon this hypothetical axis is upon the area populated by Shamash, there are a number of systems in that area all named after deities of the Sun eg the highest aspect ergo north! This alignment also is correct in regards to the Greek compass in game.

In this northern aspect we then have - just off; the Greek Fates, and Norse Norns whose centre I believe align. Again I think this denotes a hotspot just off the hypothetical northern aspect of the zone of chaos, just below the floor of heaven - the Empyrean.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10304929

The image below highlights (circle) the hotspot where the north axis of chaos aligns with the Fates and Norns.

I believe ‘something’ is of importance within this area of space.



This image shows the axis in relation to the path of Jacques and the alignments above etc



What I find conflicting, is how the Codex - in my opinion, takes so much effort to point us towards the Lost Realms zone, why then do so, if such a Miltonian model exists?

One possibility is that the reference to Princess Astrophel etc is some unknown aspect hidden there that redirects our attention, either there is something in the Lost Realms zone (supported by the new presence of Brookes Tours and / or Artemis) or something about it is intended to draw our attention upwards; or it isn’t?

The evidence in the codex, in my opinion tells us to go look at the region below the Lost Realms zone, exactly where the Brookes Tours points.

But the ‘hypothetical’ cosmological construct seems to firmly point elsewhere.

There very likely could be numerous signposts in game pointing to various narrative waypoints. I have this long established opinion that Brookes built an architecture in game to support his narratives, and in it’s entirety, it was harmonious.

It may be that my investigations just highlight all of this, it maybe Raxxla is not the primary focus of the cosmological model, and that Raxxla is in the Lost Realms zone…

Would Frontier care to enlighten us @Paul_Crowther as I believe we’ve uncovered rather an extensive mystery in game !

Last edited: Feb 9, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae and Quaero