Jorki Rasalas
Oct 12, 2021
#24,467
Rochester said:
It is safe to assume we know nothing about anything concerning the Dark Wheel and Raxxla apart from what is within the Codex, and certain confirmations made by various FD employees or their partners.

The Dark Wheel may / may not know anything, logic would dictate they don’t because supposedly Raxxla has not been ‘communicated’ as discovered.

But it’s equally plausible it has been discovered and was hidden from the general public as much as it remains either a total mystery, or maybe some elements of it’s location are known.

It could be that certain organisations are either actively searching for Raxxla, or they are not; we simply don’t know.

All we have as concrete is the Codex, that ‘maybe’ the DW is out there and hold certain information; and the statements by FD that Raxxla ‘it’s out there’ and from DW that the DW in SD is certainly a front.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
Click to expand...
And the Codex contains such ambiguous phrasing (“lacking in corroborative evidence...Opposing theories...self-professed Dark Wheel expert Lyta Crane...Crane believes...contradictory nature of these claims suggests that most of them, if not all, are untrue...Alleged toast of the Dark Wheel”) that there is little if anything that can be said to be solid.

And IIRC it was only one book (John Harper’s AHTW?) where a character said TDW had not found Raxxla. How could he know that? Was he lying? Was it more obfuscation?

I’d like to know why, in his blog, John Harper said (https://panzertard.github.io/elitedangerous-notes/notes/John-Harper): “And there’s Raxxla itself, the mystery, who’s rumours and sightings seem to ebb and flow on a 50 year cycle and we’re approaching that 50-year peak so hearing a lot more sightings and a lot more mystery around Raxxla.” Was this breaking the NDA? Was it an approved hint? Was it more obfuscation???

Trying to solve puzzles in this game is like building a house of cards on a foundation of pink blancmange...tasty but extremely frustrating!

Edit’ chapter 12 of AHTW. The INRA Admiral claims TDW didn’t find Raxxla but found something else... In the first peaceful contact Thargoids had mentioned Soontill, a place that to them held an aura of magic but they (i.e. the Thargoids!) had lost it.
Last edited: Oct 12, 2021
Reactions:
simulacrae and Rochester