CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 12, 2021
#24,472
Emperor said:
Some good theories in there, some/most have been discussed in this thread I believe... good luck with your search! (Jorki is the resident expert on Sol!)

I am intrigued how you got to Achilles for “..and the yearning of our vagabond hearts”, whilst you found a reference to him being called a vagabond, if I remember correctly Achilles' "anger" is connected to being called a vagabond and so he didn't consider himself one?

And how is Achilles related to the "yearning" or "our vagabond hearts"?

When I looked at the mythology angle ( I think you can just as easily make a case for this element of the toast of the Dark Wheel referring to Homer's Odyssey as Odysseus is described in some translations as a “vagabond” or “beggar” when Athene transforms him in order to ensure he is not killed on his way home (BkXIII:416-440 Athene disguises Odysseus).

You can review my thoughts on it being Homer's Odyssey from posts from here (I broke down the toast in a similar way)

And the final thing that doesn't make sense in this part of the toast when referring to Greek Mythology is that the quote is "the yearning of our vagabond hearts" as heart is plural and doesn't belong to someone specifically as that would be "the yearning of our vagabond's heart"..... and the only explanation for the actual quote I can think of is yearning of something with multiple hearts... which I would suggest is either Thargoid related or the player base.... if Thargoids have no home or can't get home then perhaps it's them... however the "our" part sort of indicates the players...?
Click to expand...
Achilles and Helen of Troy is the original star-crossed lovers saga. Achilles is referred to as vagabond in the Illiad itself:


So he pleaded,
lost in his own great innocence . . .
condemned to beg for his own death and brutal doom.
And moved now to his depths, the famous runner cried,
"No, no, my prince, Patroclus, what are you saying?
Prophecies? None that touch me. None I know of.
No doom my noble mother revealed to me from Zeus,
just this terrible pain that wounds me to the quick—
when one man attempts to plunder a man his equal,
to commandeer a prize, exulting so in his own power.
That's the pain that wounds me, suffering such humiliation.
That girl—the sons of Achaea picked her as my prize,
and I'd sacked a walled city, won her with my spear
but right from my grasp he tears her, mighty Agamemnon,
that son of Atreus! Treating me like some vagabond,
some outcast stripped of all my rights . . .
Click to expand...

Technically, I believe the CMDRs could also be vagabonds as we certainly roam ...

Reactions:
simulacrae