Vetinari
V
Sep 4, 2020
#18,625
OK I got a problem. A couple moths ago something clicked in my head from something in game and I started looking for groups with no name. The Nameless in Colonia fit the bill so I just asked on the latest Call To Arms For A Free Colonia thread where the name came from originally, wondering if they had anything 'special' about them. @Ian Doncaster responded with the comment below which from my POV is full of nice shiny tinfoil and adds way more weight to something 'special' about them. 100% influence at start, hidden backers maybe going to the top. I was curious about the access to Fed & Imp ships, was there a relationship there for some reason? Was it a player submitted name and could be ignored or was it an fdev one and maybe significant?

Problem is I cannot remember WHY or HOW I linked a group with no name to the DW or Raxxla. I went to Formidine Rift and just getting back and have completely forgotten what the link was. Dont think it was just the 'Unnamed Gas Giant', think it was a log or a beacon, maybe even something on here, something that wasnt obvious. Can anybody make the link to a group with no name, unnamed or nameless as opposed to just being unknown?

Ian Doncaster said:
The Nameless were added in Carcosa at the same time as a number of Council-sponsored orbital stations were founded in the region, in late June 3303.

The Council sponsored stations - systems like Tir, Sollaro, Coeus, etc. had a basic starting pattern of:
system specific faction, controller, 55% influence
Colonia Council, 27% influence
Core 1 Partner Organisation, 18% influence
The system specific factions were of a variety of government types and ethoses, including many with the Colonia-specific atypical governance arrangements not found in the bubble, and founded here by the CEI factions.

Carcosa had a somewhat different set up:
- Nameless, controller, 100% influence
...which would have set them up for a series of unstoppable expansions had they not had the stunning bad timing [1] to appear at exactly the point the nearby Explorers' Nation faction was expanding from Union.

In the end, the Nameless got their guaranteed initial expansion to Union, and a subsequent (short-lived) one to Edge Fraternity Landing, before EN were able to get enough presence in the system to drop their influence below 75%.

Still, that set up was interesting and suggestive of a faction with powerful non-Council backers [2]. In October 3303 we got more of an answer - despite having been retreated from Union and EFL again, and having lost control of Robardin to EN, they launched a military coup attempt against the Council - rapidly establishing a supply line from their remaining base at Aragon Silo (Amber Dock hadn't been built yet) through Union, EFL, Morpheus and Saraswati to strike at Colonia itself.

They attempted to take control of Colonia Hub ... without first doing the groundwork to establish local support, but EN was putting severe pressure on them at home and their backers presumably wanted results ... and were outnumbered 15:1 in the resulting war. Their supply lines were cut off and they were forced to retreat back to Carcosa again.

EN captured Aragon Silo in January 3304, to try to ensure that they stayed contained ... which they did, until April 3305, when a different bunch of supporters and sympathisers of the late Senator Loren showed up to (successfully, for now) claim that Salome would have wanted the system under Nameless control.

We never did find out who their original backers were - there were hints in the original set up of Robardin Rock that they were well-resourced (its shipyards remain some of the region's best) and of course the access the Nameless have to superpower ship designs might indicate some backers from those areas wishing to suppress Colonia's independence. Or perhaps it goes right to the top, and the Club, embarrassed by how quickly a cyborg with a cobbled-together mobile station and a ragtag bunch of friends managed to assemble a distant settlement far superior to their "Dynasty/Exodus" attempts, wanted to make sure it didn't succeed.

Whether their backers still support them - and LRCV are being used as pawns to destabilise the region prior to a takeover attempt - or whether they've given up on the idea to try other methods while LRCV have given new life and direction to the abandoned remnants ... well, that's something every Commander will have to judge for themselves.



[1] While bad news for the Nameless, this was excellent news for BGS theorists, as it provided incontrovertible proof that expansion destinations were only selected at the time of expansion, as the system hadn't existed as a populated target at any previous time!
[2] They weren't the first Anarchy-Criminal faction in the region by a long way: a bunch of those showed up back in October 3302 as soon as the region was founded. But they didn't have anywhere near the resources of the Nameless, and despite the efforts of Brian's Thugs, as well as later attempts by pro-Anarchist groups during the 3rd regional conflict, they remain extremely weak by comparison.
Click to expand...
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, [PS4] Filthymick420, PeteACarter and 1 other person