Vetinari
V
Sep 4, 2020
#18,628
Jorki Rasalas said:
Sounds more like The Club than TDW who are described as “ elite-ranked treasure hunters from a bygone age” (And Here The Wheel) and “a legendary group of adventurers, explorers, investigators and treasure-hunters“ (Codex). Unless FD are really trying to mislead us I think they’ve retconned the original TDW from Holdstock (“band of twisted evil men”) and The Club have taken over that role.

The way I see it:

The Club are an entity, a loose group of people with certain specific people in powerful positions but more of a loose conglomerate of interested parties.
The DW are a bunch of adventurers, treasure hunters & investigators - notably Salome & Rebecca were much more of the 'expose the evil' investigative type than treasure hunters and this was authorised / influenced in parts by fdev or DB. Neither of them were looking for Raxxla afaik (off limits). I think The DW have infiltrated various levels of the Superpowers and the Club and the PF or at least have some friends in very high places who will offer assistance above or below the radar.
Raxxla is something else, probably both are looking for it.

Some of the Engineers are probably DW, some are probably The Club....at first impression. We dont know what theyre up to as such. Mentioned in Drews books arent they as being up to something or needing to find out what they are doing or something?

The Club is the military industrial complex
The DW are portrayed almost as 'The Resistance' fighting the evil Club because they are the best of the best and know some of the secrets or have the ability to find them.....hinted at by those Elite ranked missions that came and went maybe? Theres an implied set up for a conflict between the Club & DW.

So,

Salome was going to retire to Colonia if she lived. She was going to disappear, her story had ended either way, but that was going to be the lore.
Player group Lorens Reapers decided Salome would want Carcosa in Colonia to be owned by The Nameless - no idea why or where this idea came from. If it turns out in any way it came from Drew or Fdev thats a big red flag to me that it could mean something and may be connected to DW story. If it was purely a player decision or a whim then it can be ignored probably.
An Unnamed Gas Giant could be the property of The Nameless.....That one is owned by Mother Gaia, that one is Nameless / Unnamed - tenuous and stretching but not impossible
Theres no history or lore with The Nameless, nor reason there should be necessarily, but they had influence from the start which was intended by fdev. This meant they should automatically expand but circumstances hindered it a bit. But why was it important that they either expand or the opposite, have a guarantee that they wouldn't lose the system early on. WHY? is the question, why did fdev implement this?.

I'm not sure where Im going with it, it just looks a bit like a bit of a jigsaw that may make a scene if put together, it may not be at all.
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, [PS4] Filthymick420, Emperor and 3 others