EdgeCrusher420
May 29, 2018
#2,516
They know how much time you guys have put into trying to find Raxxla. If they just came out and said that, "sorry, there is no Raxxla planet out there" especially after letting it go on for so long you guys would flip out. So naturally all they can do is ignore you until people eventually move on. Again, I want to believe, truly, but...

If I am to understand it correctly we all don't even know what Raxxla is represented by even if it is in game. Its nearly impossible that it is a unique planet with special textures or a label indicating anything special from orbit. (though there could be a special system map description of something on a random planet) Visually no. Same thing with any crazy portal on a planet somewhere or really cool unique model landing area. Those things we know devs would have never spent that much time and resources to put in and if they did there is absolutely no way they would allow it to go unseen. They would have let the cat out the bag long ago, remember how well they hid Jacques station? Another thing we can just about guarantee will not be included with Raxxla is some unique mission or cool new plot of people trying to stop you from finding and exposing it. We don't even have that in the main game so no, that's not realistic.

So excluding anything like that, I suppose that there could be a station or something land-able somewhere, but I find this still very unlikely for many of the same reasons as above. We would have prob found it long ago if its something "populated". Fdev hasn't hid big things all that well in the past.

For me I don't think there is even this but... if there is a "Raxxla" out there I can imagine it being nothing but a lonely "tourist beacon" sitting off some boring planet with a paragraph or two telling you what a Raxxla is and congrats for finding it. Oh and of course you would get one line in the newsletter with your screenshot next to the beacon saying you found it.

I will admit that I have not followed every little piece of evidence or hint that may have come out that is fueling the hunt still but I can pretty much assume this is what may have happened... People in the past when the writing team was larger and big things were in the works and planned get very excited. Excited to see their vision come to life etc. but as a result they say things that they shouldn't or they may assume this thing will be implemented soon but plans change and "woops.. The design team tells me that putting in a Raxxla sub plot planet like in my books isn't really doable..."

I said before that I would love to be wrong on this. It would be great if FDev has some amazing content just waiting out there for us to explore and they are just so darn good at not letting even the tiniest hint out after all this time and perhaps player frustrations. This kind of treasure hunt and exploration of unique plots is exactly the kind of direction I wish Elite went years ago. I have just lowered my expectations though after playing, exploring, researching etc. The game is great space trucker sim, I'm still here still but I just don't believe anymore that FDev has got content going stale hidden somewhere when we all clamor and beg for more stuff to do in the forums every day.

After all that though, why did I even write this? I don't actually want people to stop looking for it really whatever IT is or not. I guess I just feel bad for some people who actually get so hyped up on this stuff, perhaps after reading the books then coming here and thinking there is another game within a game waiting for them. Oh well, don't think I trying to pick fights or whatever is what I guess I'm trying to say. Even though I'm a pessimist now, I still want to be friends with you all.
Last edited: May 29, 2018