Jaiotu
May 28, 2018
#2,502
Scytale said:
It's just almost the entire point of the FP of this thread (great work again, Macros !). And.. well...just read my sig. If you can sort out any other little bit obvious thing besides the Dark Wheel faction in E: D...
But I repeat the quest may currently be stopped as I said.
The problem though is that any connection between those old Dark Wheel missions and Raxxla is entirely based on assumption. We assume that they are related to Raxxla because we know about The Dark Wheel's quest for Raxxla and we know about this quest principally through Holdstock's Dark Wheel novella. Yes there is a brief mention of Raxxla in Harper's And Here the Wheel but that reference gives very little context as to just what Raxxla is. You're welcome to ignore the novella altogether but for me it is the sole reason why finding Raxxla holds any meaning so I won't be ignoring it as a source.

You put The Dark Wheel and Raxxla in the same sentence and then you say it doesn't suggest any connection between them, Doc ?
And what about ... a certain celestial body. The Myth. ? Soontill ? Cirag ? But not Raxxla ? (Cass A ? )
Like I said above. If you only allow what is inside the current game to inform you regarding Raxxla there really isn't any reason to assume that these missions refer to Raxxla ... unless you allow the vague hint from And Here the Wheel but again even that info can't be gleaned from inside the game itself.

So, as The Dark Wheel exist in ED then Raxxla exists in ED too and they are related. Thank you.
What we know is that Alex Ryder existed in this version of Elite and in The Dark Wheel novella thanks to Harper's And Here the Wheel this is also our source for knowing that Raxxla exists. We also presume that Elyssia Fields existed thanks to Wagar's Premonition. There is plenty of evidence to suggest that the basic underlying narrative from The Dark Wheel should be presumed as having happened even if some of the details have to be altered to fit into a galaxy where intelligent alien life is rare.

Don't forget MB said '..the sequel will be played out in this game'. Which, imho, is quite precious much ...
And also don't forget that Mr. Brooks' novel Elite: Legacy was billed as the official sequel to The Dark Wheel. Given that there is precious little to connect those two stories I don't give a lot of weight to the statement that the sequel will be played out in the game. For that to happen Frontier needs to learn how to build a story and follow through with it. I don't see that happening. Its more likely that Raxxla will simply turn out to be a minor Easter Egg and nothing more.

EdgeCrusher420 said:
I've quietly watched and observed this Raxxla stuff for some time now. It is precisely the type of thing Elite SHOULD be doing. Exploration and uncovering mysterious locations is what this game should excel at and focus on. I want so badly for this search to be what we all want it to be.

But its not. There is no Raxxla. At least not in any way the Raxxla we deserve or the Raxxla that has been built up here in peoples minds. It seems all i do is come here with pessimism about the game and burst peoples bubbles in the forums and i'm sure most of you will think I have no idea what i'm talking about but yeah, Raxxla is a hoax. The most fun you will get out of the search for Raxxla is here in this forum.

Sincerely,
Former naive Raxxla believer

Raxxla is out there. It remains to be seen if finding it is worth all the effort.