CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 14, 2023
#32,002
Ian Doncaster said:
Quite a few things seem to prefer nebulae. Out in Colonia, we have Electricae as well (to answer the question above, yes, they're much wider in reach than just Inner Orion Spur) ... and we also have the Umbrella Molluscs and other NSP lifeforms.

If the underlying explanation is some sort of "higher density of materials" in or near the visible nebulae - and of course supernova remnant nebulae might be particularly good for that - then it's perhaps not a surprise that lots of varied lifeforms show some preference for them. Possibly the meta-alloy processing can only be done efficiently there.

That might well indicate that Regor is the Guardian homeworlds, because they happened to evolve not near a nebula - and then like humans and maybe even Thargoids have placed pretty much all their other settlements near one for convenience - though humans have not yet figured out what to do with nebulae, other than where Thargoids have already established meta-alloy processing to steal from.




There is of course the Doylist consideration that anything Frontier wants to actually be found, if otherwise relatively rare in the galaxy, be that Guardian ruins or some NSP mollusc minding its own business, has a much better chance of being discovered if there's a visible-from-1000s-of-LY beacon encouraging explorers to visit the region.
Adding to this: I wasn't saying the nebulas are bad. But we need to be looking for younger, stable stars. There is a balancing act - not too near supernova and novas which can devastate life, stars which are neither too cold nor too hot, resources need to be plentiful. However, that isn't the whole story. Per "Alien World: A Complete Illustrated Guide" parts were built on airless worlds. There will be hubs based on system types, resouces, and how long the infrastructure has to last. In theory, if this follows Holdstock, the ultimate goal was centered around a globular cluster.

Raxxla is likely big. Consider that we may well have found components. Look at the bigger picture.

Last edited: Nov 14, 2023