Emperor
Nov 14, 2023
#32,014
Emperor said:
"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!
To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void!
The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts.
To Raxxla!
— Alleged toast of the Dark Wheel"

Nebulae?
Carrying on this mad thought of a theme... Where could the next Nebula be?

"To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void!"

So if we assume "whisperer in witchspace, the siren" are Thargoids.....

Do they hang out in Dark Nebulas? (Barnard 68's void is often confused with Bootes void for some reason!)

Dark nebula - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

List of dark nebulae - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

The Thargoids | Canonn Research Group
The Return of the Thargoids Introduction The Thargoid Ship is an alien vessel of confirmed origin. Examples of this alien ship were first encountered on January 5, 3303; Commanders were interdicted by Thargoid Ships while travelling through hyperspace and pulled into deep space with their...
canonn.science

Over recent years Thargoids have re-appeared in several nearby nebulae – first the Pleiades, then California, Witch Head and finally the Coalsack. Non Human Signal Sources can be seen when in supercruise within a range of each nebula (the distance varies between the nebulea, and also changes over time occasionally).

Centres of the nebulae, and current radii:

Pleiades: Maia 65Ly - Reflection nebula
California: California Sector BA-A e6 60Ly - "The California Nebula (NGC 1499/Sh2-220) is an emission nebula located in the constellation Perseus."
Witch Head: Witch Head Sector IR-W c1-8 75Ly - Reflection nebula
Coalsack: Musca Dark Region PJ-P b6-1 55Ly - "The Coalsack Nebula (Southern Coalsack, or simply the Coalsack)[3] is a dark nebula, which is visible to the naked eye as a dark patch obscuring part of the Milky Way east of Acrux (Alpha Crucis) in the constellation of Crux." - YUP!



Just a thought!
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Louis Calvert, Rochester and 1 other person