Ian Doncaster
Nov 14, 2023
#32,005
Louis Calvert said:
Does the above tie in with anything known about WR stars?
Not obviously, quite the opposite - WR stars are incredibly bright, especially in the ultraviolet, and the majority are supergiant stars burning rapidly towards a supernova stage. They shouldn't last anywhere near long enough for life to evolve around them - though Regor probably did exist when the Guardians were about, maybe at a pre-WR supergiant stage of its life.

Louis Calvert said:
Which nebula(s) do you think might have been the one(s) that sparked the Guardian-Thargoid conflict, since there aren't any of significance near the Regor sector?
Tricky one. Elite Dangerous probably ignores long-term relative motion of stars: a civilisation which settled a smallish sphere two million years ago could find its ruins spread across thousands of LY by now, and Regor - and its accompanying semi-gravitationally-bound stars - might have been nowhere near them at the time. Similarly nebulae aren't in reality necessarily all that long-lived - Barnard's Loop itself is thought to be the remnant of a supernova explosion about 2 million years ago - at the time of the Guardians it might either not have existed at all, or been just a compact supernova remnant ... and many of the nebulae around then may have dispersed into the galactic background since.

Ignoring all of that and assuming the galaxy then and now were actually the same, though, one of the battle sites is in the Orion nebula complex which may have been where the conflict took place, and the other is (very vaguely) positioned between the Cone Nebula and Regor - perhaps to aid in interception or monitoring of Thargoids heading for Regor itself.

(The battle sites are of course a bit weird: the Guardian part of the site functions perfectly normally, suggesting that it "won" the battle or was recaptured and repaired afterwards ... but the Guardians apparently never bothered to clean up all the Thargoid wreckage around them. It's quite possible that lots of other Guardian sites were the site of battles with the Thargoids, but were maintained afterwards so it's not obvious nowadays. On that basis it could be any outlying Guardian nebula settlement area...)
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian