Jorki Rasalas
Aug 22, 2019
#11,176
Edelgard von Rhein said:
There is a Vera Rubin Complex in the Colonia region (Garuda A 1 b).

A couple of notes, sometimes mentioned before, as words of caution:
TDW toast is 'alleged'
Lyta Crane might be an 'unreliable narrator'. If you were in TDW or knew of their HQ's whereabouts, would you tell people or give hints to where to find them? Would you even want them to go looking, given that the group membership is 'invitation only'? If you were in The Club, I think the answer to both those is 'yes', since they'd want them (or their HQ) neutralised.

Mmm, wonder why I couldn't find it. I guess such galmap searches are passed back to Stellar Forge? Perhaps the Forge had gone cold when I tried it? or The Club are monitoring & interfering with our searches! (Paranoia is the third stage of Raxxla madness!).

As always you are correct, but we have to start somewhere, else we’ll be brute forcing 400 billion systems, which would not be fun and that’s why we play the game. I reason that making such a bold statement in the Codex (I think now our only source of canon lore since the galnet fluff reveal) then FD are providing clues to offset their retconning. They may be partially misleading (obfuscation) but should not be total lies; otherwise FD will be hit by such a perfect storm of salt it would put the Salomé Event salt mountain to shame. And I think they would consequentially lose a good portion of their player-base.

It might be that TDW station is not orbiitng the 8th moon of a gas giant, but maybe the seventh, or it’s orbiting a submoon of the 8th, or a similar twist. It might be an asteroid base as discussed in a previous post (but I doubt that one). After 5 years We have had no intimation that anyone has received any such TDW invitation, so I think that is fluff and once the station’s found there may be a test to pass before admittance (knowing FD it will probably involve fighting off 100 elite FDL, simultaneously!). I am dubious whether finding TDW station and gaining admittance will lead to Raxxla; in Holdstock’s book (retconned & no longer canon lore) they’d “lost it” so unlikely to know where it is. We can speculate all we want, but we don’t have a solid clue or information on Raxxla other than “it exists”, FD “know where it is”, “it’s in the Milky Way”, parts of it are “a little bit obvious”, and it involves “a journey we all must make” (still think this involves death somehow, so have some sympathy for mythology-based hypotheses, but it may be a physical journey-into a BH, out to Colonia, .....)

Edit: I’m getting a bit jaded of trying to fly into BH. I’ve done about 30 now, or maybe it just seems that many due to the long flight out (300kls is typical) to many of them. Might try a different hypothesis for a while.
Last edited: Aug 22, 2019
Reactions:
Macros Black, PeteACarter, [Diplomacy] Carnegie and 2 others