Louis Calvert
Oct 31, 2022
#27,586
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Raxxla is likely linked in some fashion to one of the older species. By the way, not convinced that Guardians are actually dead. Have you looked at gravity and air pressure of terraformed planets in the Bubble? Those better match with Guardians. Also, in Nemorensis there was a bio-engineered weapon that could take over living things and computers. That happened in Baltah'Sine near the Marlinist territories. I think we had very early encounters with either both species or Thargoids and what was left of the Guardians.

That's cool It's possible, but the ruins of the Guardians sites are at least a million years old (and therefore data pulled from them is too). If anything of the biological Guardians exists now is likely to be about as much Guardian as we are our million-year old ancestors, even less so actually since Guardians were heavy adopters of technology-mind/body interfaces.

We do know from records that the Guardian AI is still probably out there, and incidentally also a human AI that flew off into the black too... They may also relate to Raxxla, but again there's no link other than "something unknown may link to another unknown thing".

I'm not seeing any connection between anything you've mentioned here and Raxxla myself, though it's very interesting There's a lot of weird stuff in the game. There's at least one settlement log where what seems to be a psionic superhuman figure materialises and wipes out the colony for one reason or another!

Raxxla may be a Guardian portal, and there was definitely early excitement because the SAP8 containers held 'crystalline structures' and there was a lot of talk of decoding them - and of course we know Guardians are highly technological and we had to decode their stuff... It's entirely possible that SAP8 was going to lead to Guardians but they shelved it for a while, who knows! Again, not seeing a through-line yet to Raxxla, but I'll look through the Codex again and see if there's anything fun there...

Ironically I'm actually in Guardian space now trying to feed the green relics to Guardian sites
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester