Louis Calvert
Oct 31, 2022
#27,584
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Do yourself a favor and do the Ram Tah and Palin missions. There is lot more in-game about both species beyond what is in the Codex. They are time consuming but absolutely worth the effort. Note: some of these require corrosion resistant racks. Check Canonn Science for details about where to dock to get mission and what you need as far as outfitting requirements.
Thanks I've done them all, I've been playing for many, many years (Kickstarter backer actually). I was out there in the Pleiades examining the first barnacle discovered, and scouring planets by eye for Guardian ruins, I even took part in the search for the Zurara and all the Salome stuff a long time back. I never discovered anything at all myself, but as soon as someone mentioned something I love zooming out there and seeing it for myself!

The issue is that a lot of times discussions get totally lost and bogged down in contests of lore and relevance, and people dig up stuff (like the accursed SAP8 containers that haven't been in-game for years, for example) and try to fit that into something that's happening now, and then it spirals into a fascinating discussion about whether that's actually a thing we should consider but goes nowhere really, and before you know it there's people (me, tbh) dragging out stuff from "back in the olden days when we played FFE or FE2" and then other people add in rumours like the fabled "someone went through the system and honked" - which in itself is a myth from ye-olden days, etc. etc.

This was my attempt at a 'fresh' look using ONLY what's supplied in the Codex, with the assumption that it's the most recent base revision of whatever is going on right now, and now it's a few years old we can track back to that and see what may/may not have come of it. I'm assuming that, since it's so easily accessible and pretty straight-forward, the Codex is intended to serve as a starting place for anyone jumping into the Raxxla mystery. I've been having fun with it but I hit a dead end so I figured I'd share it here to see what the gestalt mind thought

We should assume that if it's intended to be solved (and tbh it may well not actually be 'solvable') that Fdev would want to give new players who don't have years of deep lore knowledge and who maybe don't participate in the forums or reddit a 'way in' to the hunt. Therefore, the Raxxla codex entry should be crafted in a way that teaches players how the game does mystery and 'set them on the path'.

We all know that it's a treasure hunt, that's how it's always been done, but that's not obvious to newer players from other franchises - most games these days give you floating markers above objectives

As for Guardians... I think Guardians really exist only to give us more info about the Thargoids (which they have done now) and possible future threads about their descendants/AI in future storylines! Do you think there's something in there about Raxxla?
Reactions:
Rochester