Rochester
Oct 31, 2022
#27,582
yelboc said:
Just a small note Donar = Thor in old German - a point not well made in some references - So Donar's Oak is really Thor's oak, and the name Yggdrasil apparently means Odin's Gallows. Maybe not get too hung up on that
Oh how true, that’s was my first interpretation, I went all over the place before I settled on Yggdrasil, believe me.

Donars clubs = Hercules clubs; Orion; Friggs distaff, you name it, but it does have a tenuous link to the veneration of a tree cult with its roots in Yggdrasil.

Donars Oak is also called the world tree of the Chatti…

Donar's Oak - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

I’m not presuming it’s a certainty, far from it, only the that it’s a likely correlation, given the massive system of Yggdrasil and Runes named stars in the bubble, but there is a significant distance between them and the location of Delphi which makes me highly suspicious, and that’s why I’m liking Calvert’s hypothesis.

There is an intelligence method called back casting, Calvert’s hypothesis would fit, as the Yggdrasil systems as being retconned.

Donars Oak is also known as Joves Oak - the oak of Jupiter as Thor was sometimes equated with the Roman god Jupiter (Zeus)!

Zeus and Delphi… here we go again!

In regards to Delphi there are at least 3 contradictory mythological sources for it linked to Apollo or Zeus and Gia…take your pick, but logically the inclusion of Zeus would make one think its the one with the eagles!

My ramblings into Yggdrasil are not confirmation of its legitimacy, only an attempt to assess correlations in game, to better understand the context and relevance of the Delphi system because it’s pretty baffling because there are historically correlations everywhere and it just doesn’t point in any particular direction.

I am therefore more and more inclined to suspect the Delphi system is of importance and that the Codex is likely an exercise is reconstructing retconned lore/narrative. But why is Tau Ceti hundreds of light years away important, why does it’s sphere of influence set by the 2296 fit the Yggdrasil systems or fit the John Milton model!

It’s like burying gold under a house, then giving someone a map to go look on the moon!
Last edited: Nov 27, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert