Han_Zen
Jan 5, 2022
#25,064
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
So, to recap where we are:
-2296 is solidly in the pre-hyperspace era of genaration ships.
-Rapid Expansion era doesn't begin until 2300.
-There is only one ship that could have actually made the journey to Achenar in the history of the lore at that necessary point in time (2097-2296).
-No other generation ship observed has exceed 0.25 LY/year and thus all other generation ships could only have only gotten 45.77 LY from their origin by 2296.
-That ship (the Mayflower 97) departed in 2097 from Earth's Moon orbit and was headed by Marlin Duval.
-The path is known reasonably accurately:
Sol -> Tau Ceti -> Achenar

Confidence: High confidence given the ship could at maximum have only gotten 119.4 LY between 2097 and 2296 at 0.6 LY/year).
-Marlin Duval died in 2296. Raxxla was found in 2296. First journal reports surface in Marlin Duval's colony she helped establish enroute to Achenar (Taylor Colony, Tau Ceti).

I am fairly certain I can find it this year and probably by mid-February (but definitely before the one year anniversary that my first edition of the Raxxla theory went live on the forums - April 1st, 2021). I have an exceptionally short list of candidates that meet the necessary criteria. No, the Alleged Toast is not useful for anything beyond start at Sol. However, the legend of Soontill is likely applicable even if it were faked as they needed a believable cover story (but please promise me you won't go looking at Soontill system which is 218.47 LY from Achenar). There is literally no ways anyone had any capacity to get anywhere near that region at that point in time. RAXXLA predates even Soontill and Lave.
Click to expand...
Marlin Duval and her crews would have had access to hyperscpace travel during the migration to Achenar. Hyperspace travel was no publicly available at that time, but the technology had been around for 150 years.

It is not practically possible to reach Achenar in that time, by sub light travel. Sub light vessels don't travel at a set max velocity. They accelerate as long as the engines runs. The Mayflower is traveling at 0.6 light speed in the 3250s, because it has been accelerating slowly for more than 1100 years.

I also doubt that Raxxla was discovered in exactly 2296. If a random spacer mentioned it casually, the name would have been relatively common knowledge.

This does not mean that Raxxla isn't connected to the colonisation of Achenar. The time frame is valid, just like with the discovery of the non human relic.
Achenar did have sentient Mudlarks, at the time of discovery. If Raxxla was used by an advanced space traveling species to oversee or manipulate the development of primitive sentient beings, it may have been moved from Sol to Achenar when 'project humans' was finished.
If so, Raxxla was possibly moved again when the Mudlarks went extinct.
Reactions:
CMDRGURU951 and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian