hhiram
H
Apr 4, 2019
#7,226
For what it's worth, here's how I think the Raxxla mystery will pan out. I think 100% of the mystery follows from the Codex clues, and nothing else.

First, you have to receive a mission invite from the REAL Dark Wheel. This invite comes after performing some otherwise innocuous set of missions in the right system and/or becoming allied with the right faction - this is clearly spelled out in the Codex. The resulting invite mission is rank locked and available only for either Elite or maybe even only Triple Elite players. My guess is the mission invite will be location sensitive - my hunch is in Tau Ceti because it is mentioned in the Codex. Alternatively, maybe Shinrarta Dezra.

Second, this invite mission provides a permit unlock opportunity. Polaris permit gets my vote, but it might be one of the others in or near the bubble.

Third, either the unlocked system (my guess is Polaris) contains the Dark Wheel base itself, or the invite mission makes the Dark Wheel visible/findable in some other already open system. Regardless, there is no way to stumble upon or find the Dark Wheel base (around the 8th moon of a gas giant) without receding the invite mission first.

Fourth, after unlocking the Dark Wheel base you receive other mission opportunities that provide enough information to actually decode the Raxxla clues in the Codex.

Fifth, the only currently decodable Raxxla clue in the Codex is the very first and obvious sentence: the jewel that burns in the brow of the mother of galaxies, which is Zeta Cassiopeia.

Sixth, the rest of the Dark Wheel toast (which only makes sense after you've actually unlocked the real Dark Wheel) contains five more clues: the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deeper void, the parents' grief, the lovers' woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. Each of those is a location, giving 6 locations altogether.

Seventh, these locations correspond to the Raxxla hexagonal logo in the Codex and somehow point to the actual location of Raxxla.

Eighth, Raxxla itself is in one of the permit-locked sectors quite far outside the bubble.

Ninth, Raxxla itself is (or is a system containing) a gateway/wormhole to one or more other galaxies and will remain permit locked until the devs at Frontier are ready to open one or more entire new galaxies in a future season expansion - my guess is Andromeda based on the existing clues. I also gues that Raxxla will turn out to be the resolution to the Guardians storyline, and was created by the Guardian AIs to escape/avoid the thargoid conflict.

My money is on this being pretty close to how the whole mystery pans out.
Last edited: Apr 4, 2019
Reactions:
Naaman Aram, Xaintly, Ararera and 4 others