Rochester
Oct 31, 2023
#31,876
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
My reply was more towards @Rochester which in recent posts had been gravitating towards an Earth-central reference (perhaps unintentionally). Given that, was trying to provide clarification on "pendent world" as Miltonian Cosmogony is solidly Ptolemic but when applied it somewhat breaks the interpretation. That said, I am truthfully not even sure the actual center of human space is anchored at Sol (pretty sure it isn't uniform distance from Sol before hitting unpopulated systems). Sure, Sol is centrally important to humanity because we are from there and it may have where we learn about Raxxla. That said, while important it isn't Raxxla just the (0,0,0) of human coordinate grids. I think the idea is valid but only once you realize Miltonian Cosmogony only works in the modern framework with the center being the observer not a specific planet per se.

There is a general wide misinterpretation of the text, given its age and various cultural attitudes, which granted is difficult to convey without getting very literal and utilising an enormous wall of text.

To paraphrase Milton calls it the pendant world.

Contextually in the text this pendant world is literally the entirety of ‘our’ observable universe. It is encased within a crystalline hard sphere, which itself contains all the other sphere’s, like an inter dimensional tardis.

Going through these spheres are all of the stars and ‘other Edens’. At the centre is Eden, it is not Earth, but this garden exists of earth and in Miltons texts the planet only becomes more consistent later on.

Eden the garden or paradise is then lifted into heaven, becoming the realm for the afterlife.

@selbie is spot on in that this pendant world or model universe is described using a homophonic double meaning, it is both a jewel hanging from heavens wall, but also something new and mutable.

The description of it being like a star next to the moon, is an attempt to convey its brilliance and size in context to that of heaven. Eg it shines as if like a star in the sky if seen next to the brilliance of our moon, if viewed from earth. This is the view Satan witnesses, Milton is attempting to convey the enormity of this vision.

Milton model universe is also not wholly solidly Ptolemic, it is an abstraction of Dante’s vision but Miltons prescription is far more concerned with its context in relation to its position to heaven, chaos and hell, as this helps convey the enormous distances he is attempting to convey.

My interpretation of Miltons heaven is that it is a vast area of pure light, consisting of various abstract notions of rivers and mountains, it’s insubstantial but it’s conveyed the Angels even have rest, eat and have home there, at its centre is gods mountain, his seat or throne. The outskirts are described as living battlements made of jewels, it’s circumference is incredibly high, I would possibly go so far as ‘mountainous’ and has various gates.

Again I am no theologian, I read classics at school but they were dry and dusty times. One of the great things I love about the search for Raxxla, is it has brought me back to these and other text, and encouraged me to contextualise them through the prism of astronomy and fine art.

Much is open to interpretation.
Last edited: Oct 31, 2023
Reactions:
selbie, Shadowsnog, Edelgard von Rhein and 1 other person