CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 31, 2023
#31,864
Rochester said:
What and where is the brow of heaven?

I knew ‘the brow’ had some relevance in Paradise Lost but couldn’t initially place it, until a recent re-read. Within the segment of book VI describing the war in heaven, and the expungement of Satan to hell, this area is described as being upon the brow of heaven.

Remember that later in Paradise Lost, when Satan is traversing back up through Chaos to find Paradise. The character Chaos tells Satan Paradises exact location, in being that same area as from whence his band of fallen angels were first excluded.

“”.

In book VI describing the war in heaven this location is described as being the brow of heaven.

‘

’ -John Milton Paradise Lost book VI.


Later in Paradise Lost our pendant world is described as hanging below the circumference of heavens wall, and a very specific zone, which as various scholars might identify, was a particular side of heaven, or a particular gate of heaven.

So given the various allusions to Miltons Pendant world in game, first by the codex of it as a jewel ‘burning on the brow’, then within the Brookes Tours and a direct Milton quote about this shining pendant world; I can summarise that FD is very likely referencing this same location described from Paradise Lost, theof heavens encircling wall, .

Raxxla therefore is being described I believe as being upon the brow / egdge of some ‘metaphorical’ or wall of some type of a heaven, or as I have already potentially identified, via my Lost Realms discoveries, maybe this is some alternative Robert Holdstock ‘otherworld’?

Has the wall of heaven been transcribed to the boundary of the Lost Realms? Or does it still reside close to the original first fall of Satan, much higher up? If so why all this emphasis on the Lost Realms within the codex? If that is the correct interpretation?

The Milky Way Galaxy across the sky separating the northern celestial sphere from the southern celestial sphere? That is probably the most significant division line in the sky. Even as CMDRs traveling around, the Milky Way Galaxy cuts across the sky if you are near the galactic disk.