selbie
Oct 31, 2023
#31,866
Rochester said:
What and where is the brow of heaven?

I knew ‘the brow’ had some relevance in Paradise Lost but couldn’t initially place it, until a recent re-read. Within the segment of book VI describing the war in heaven, and the expungement of Satan to hell, this area is described as being upon the brow of heaven.

Remember that later in Paradise Lost, when Satan is traversing back up through Chaos to find Paradise. The character Chaos tells Satan Paradises exact location, in being that same area as from whence his band of fallen angels were first excluded.

“”.

In book VI describing the war in heaven this location is described as being the brow of heaven.

‘

’ -John Milton Paradise Lost book VI.


Later in Paradise Lost our pendant world is described as hanging below the circumference of heavens wall, and a very specific zone, which as various scholars might identify, was a particular side of heaven, or a particular gate of heaven.

So given the various allusions to Miltons Pendant world in game, first by the codex of it as a jewel ‘burning on the brow’, then within the Brookes Tours and a direct Milton quote about this shining pendant world; I can summarise that FD is very likely referencing this same location described from Paradise Lost, theof heavens encircling wall, .

Raxxla therefore is being described I believe as being upon the brow / egdge of some ‘metaphorical’ or wall of some type of a heaven, or as I have already potentially identified, via my Lost Realms discoveries, maybe this is some alternative Robert Holdstock ‘otherworld’?

Has the wall of heaven been transcribed to the boundary of the Lost Realms? Or does it still reside close to the original first fall of Satan, much higher up? If so why all this emphasis on the Lost Realms within the codex? If that is the correct interpretation?

If Milton was using the term 'brow' in relation to the top of a hill or, in this case a pass, and heaven is the idea of an alternate utopian reality (ie. a reality or dimension beyond our own), then it would make sense that to reach or traverse such a place would be via a rift [omphalos!] in the metaphorical wall between heaven and our universe. Such a place could have a world or location on the edge or near the precipice of this rift. A realm lost?

Further to this I note that Milton's original spelling 'pend(E)nt world' implies something that is undecided or pending judgement - hence the brilliant homophonic double meaning of a thing being both "suspended" and "held in suspension". I recall that pilots would need to undergo some kind of test or mission to gain access to the Dark Wheel and thus access to Raxxla. It could also mean this world or gateway is therefore suspended above or in orbit around something.
Like a test this is also sounding more like a place of purgatory - a.k.a a realm of lost souls (sinners) needing to pass through.

Then we also have the World's size description as being... "like a star of smallest magnitude close by the moon". Considering the double meanings present, this immediately reminded me of a white dwarf or even a neutron star. A "star of smallest magnitude" could be one that is brightest, or emit a lot of radiation such as during or just before they go supernova. "Close by the moon" could literally mean it is approximately the size of a moon which fits the relatively small size of white dwarfs and neutron stars.

Going even further with the supernovae / white dwarf comparison - this would also link a white dwarf to the siren of the deepest void whose death throes can be a beacon that can be measured or navigated to. They also can have companion stars that feed the white dwarf - a parent (star)'s grief - sacrificing their matter only to lose their child in the resulting explosion. The lover's woe - a binary star losing their companion.
These binary systems also have a glowing disc of material. As the Brooke Tour states "and fast [fastened or held securely] by, hanging by a golden chain" ie. the glowing material being drawn from the companion star to the white dwarf, both being held fast by gravity.

One last comparison - Brooke's Tour mentions the "undefined muth". Is this a misspelling of mouth? or are they deliberately using the Germanic word for mouth?
Some definitions of this word are of a speaker or a 'mouthpiece' uttering common opinion (akin to the Mouth of Sauron in LOTR), also an outlet / aperture, or an opening. This lends credence to it being a siren-like entity "speaking" out to the void - a whisperer in witchspace. Whispers can be barely perceptible, as though 'bleeding' into the realm of witchspace and not quite comprehensible.
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein and Rochester