Han_Zen
Sep 20, 2022
#27,341
Bushido Brown said:
It's not unlike FD to retcon things though. Seems if this is the case they want Mic to be goid related in the current lore.
I feel they were doing a lot of discovery themselves with how to tell stories and what their players would do related to those stories, which adds to the whole mess we have of so many routes to choose from.

But if we take Bill's wrecked ship to be indicative of Mic's fate, are we straying from Raxxla?

Jorki - you mentioned a possible (though you think it unlikely) goid - Raxxla angle? What was that exactly?
In this case, it's not even a retcon. It's just choosing a version of the past.
Mic Turner was always about Thargoid relations. In FFE, Mic goes to the Pleiades to attempt communication with Thargoids. In Pleione, he is attacked by an INRA defence satellite and has to abandon ship. A pilot calles Jo Merion is sent to rescue the escape pod. She does and both of them are then immediately arrested by INRA. Mic Turner dies in custody and Merion is released (She was either an INRA agent or forced to comply).

All this happens as a narrative in the different newspapers. The reports are of course all over the place, between the different papers. The exact nature of what happened to Mic Turner is therefore unknown.

After this the player story starts. The story branches in a few direction, depending on player choice. In ED it seems like FD have elected to go with the version that happens if the player chooses no to partake in the story at all.
This is actually the big retcon that made a lot of waves in the community. The official authors were told in the writers guide, that the Alliance established some form of diplomacy with the Thargoids in the 3250s. This is mentioned in late least one of the official books.
FD changed this (the retcon) to the version we have now, making some sections of the official lore invalid.
In game we weren't told any version of the story yet, so the impact of the retcon was relatively minor.
Reactions:
simulacrae, yelboc and Rochester