Rochester
Apr 8, 2023
#29,810
The DW codex is very clear on this, there is no invite, and if there was you would not know of it nor have any confirmation about it, the only way of knowing you were in the DW (if it still exists) is to find the station.

The text if intentional, effectively is retconning Elite lore (the mythology and the manual) IMPO by wrapping it up in myth and giving new intelligence effectively saying - there is no invite.

However the existence of new information - ergo location descriptions, gives the indication something else is out there.

Because it’s been effectively demystified said content is likely just historical or a dead end Easter egg; something I find more appealing for a large community based game, as ED is not a single player save the Princess game, we’re all just cogs in the machine. It should not matter who finds it.

On pressing FD Support and Devs on this over the years, applying cross examination they continue to refuse to state it’s ‘not’ out there, simply responding ’go out and look for yourself’ - the logic that FD has injected a codex specifically about the DW and Raxxla denotes some semblance of confirmation an asset/s exists.

To presume that neither exists is to establish that FD have been deceiving players. An argument I don’t believe is true considering the evidence.

At most the DW station exists, at a minimum it might be a dead hulk / Easter egg, which either doesn’t do anything or gives some arcane directions to other content. Likewise Raxxla might just be only another dead hulk asset / Easter egg, that either provides some historical context / insight or a new narrative direction!

Both assets can be hidden easily, either via being dark and not appearing on scanners or obfuscated via naming or by being mission or data locked, eg scanning every system near it…

Braben described a very old pre-launch mechanism behind exploration, how dark systems were to be found, eg they were brown dwarf stars not visible on the map, but you flew around mapping sectors - then poof a dark system resolves itself / or you find them visa-versa via miss-jump, FD insinuated the game mysteries were situated in those areas!. It’s logical to assume those locations are now visible, but so boring no one gives them any attention.

That might still be a factor in game (doubtful !) as we also know FD can hide stars from the gal map, there are Dev test systems and there are errors in the catalogs (likely why I presume said exploration mechanics were never implemented, because it’s broken).

Final note, I assume something is out there, we know not what, because to quest is simply to explore. It is not necessarily the goal to find the objective, but to expand our knowledge and map the unknown, even if that proves it wrong.
Last edited: Apr 8, 2023
Reactions:
dysonl, Dox Paradox and Darrack