CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 8, 2023
#29,818
Jorki Rasalas said:
Oberon was Robert’s grandfather; not sure if gender of his child(ren) was made clear in AHTW. Either Jordan was Oberon’s son & had changed his surname to Garry to escape CIEP, or he had married Oberon’s daughter. Long time since I read it, must reread. Seem to remember something about Robert trying to find his mother’s burial location but wasn't where he’d been told...is the implication that she was Oberon’s daughter & grave was actually on Soontill?

But the similarity of AHTW’s Hamer the Fisherman and Legacy’s Hammer (the pirate hunter) is interesting. From AHTW CIEP clearly hated pirates... Two books to reread!
Let's be clear Soontill has always been a dead-end and always will be. Not a soul has been born on or ever set foot on Soontill 1 where the supposed base is located. I mean, seriously, not a soul is going to be born there when the atmosphere is silicates and iron with >9 million atmospheres of pressure and surface hotter than some stars. In a case of rather uncharacteristic generosity, we were absolutely up front with CMDRs this is totally rubbish:

First of all, there was the GalNet involving Jjagged Bbanner (the Dream-Ware band) and their ties to prior alien artifact auctions which were notably fraudulent. See "Soontill Alien Artefacts to be Auctioned at Ngurii" on GalNet.
Secondly, there was the GalNet "Soontill Test Results Queried". There is an expert, Jean Molyneaux, who warns of possibility of a more terrestrial origins of these relics. The CMDR is further warned of "50 years of false hopes".
Thirdly, there is the organization selling the relics at Cheranovsky City, Ngurii - Garry's Reclamations. That should have triggered warnings in people's heads.
Finally, we have the in-game description of the engineer Elvira Martuuk:
Elvira Martuuk is a well known explorer although she is rumoured to have once been a deadly assassin before heading out into black. Some have claimed she needed to 'cool off' after a particularly high profile case, so went exploring, but Elvira denies it. She is fascinated by all things alien, and has become expert at spotting human fakes. Her reputation is such that her base is rarely troubled by freebooters. She believes in being self-sufficient, and her tight-knit group grows all their own food. Develop your relationship with her to discover another engineer.
I don't blame the CMDRs. They were blinded by desire. There were efforts to warn you away from this pathway. You cannot claim ignorance.

For any increase in consciousness, there is a price. It cannot be dodged. You earther learn the lesson and move on or the consequences of ignorance ultimately catch up with you. Sometimes getting exactly what you want has unknown costs. Happiness is not assured.