Rochester
Oct 15, 2021
#24,539
I have no idea, not flagging it as a bug just as a customer enquiry; it’s viable channel of contact under their support page, where their guidance on Permits sits, likely to get ignored or I’ll get a ‘raised as bug’ go here instead, but I have nought better to do today and from experience (in work) customer service requests get attention over complaints, and my enquiry is genuine, although I suspect I already know the answer.

It’s one of many bug-bears I have with the game concerning consistency. It’s one thing to obscure a mystery from being unduly discovered but not when said mystery is intended to be solved with in game mechanisms but those same mechanisms are turned off; due to some narrative event…

There is a general perception the Polaris permit is unobtainable, but I’d just like that suspicion quashed; yes the permit is likely very difficult to obtain but likewise, the inability to assess if something actually works in game is frustrating, doubly so if it’s intentional and not communicated.

If that is the case it ought to be correctly identified, although I understand FD have no such responsibility to do so…

Logically that permit is not unknown, so it is out there.

I know this is petty but I’ve read many instances where Cmdrs simply do not give the Polaris permit credence and move on…Ignoring what may be the singular and most obvious clue in game.

How to actually unlock the permit is an entirely different kettle of fish; but I’ve been here before and given up on certain play styles simply due to a lack of confidence in FD; if we can confirm that certain permits are ‘reliable’ then looking for them will not be in vain and although they may be obscure, logically they ought not be too arbitrary, and we ought to just ‘follow the missions’…

Unless it’s broken, like with the older Dark Wheel missions!

I initially want it confirmed that said kettle is real and the fish really do exist.

Source: https://giphy.com/gifs/firefly-drawing-motivation-UvwI1X7XkbXq0
Last edited: Oct 15, 2021
Reactions:
Exekrator, Jorki Rasalas and simulacrae