Rochester
Oct 15, 2021
#24,536
I’ve recently purchased a second account (discount on PS4 at 77%).

Thread 'Elite Dangerous on sale for £4.59 PS4'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/elite-dangerous-on-sale-for-4-59-ps4.591530/

But unlike my main PC account I won’t be role playing, just tooling about, but I will be endeavouring to ‘follow the missions’ and see where they take me, to play not grind, and avoid falling into complacent human behaviour; at least to approach the game with a fresh perspective…

Because by their own admission they ‘got it wrong’ and mis-understood player behaviour, intending players to follow the missions…

This fresh start has brought back memories of the early days when I first began playing the game, when we didn’t have as many answers and there weren’t many instructions. And this brought me to ‘permits’.

Now part of me still believes that the Polaris permit can be unlocked, and might be the location of the Dark Wheel at least, because last time I looked it said ‘Polaris permit’ not ‘Unknown permit’.

Logically this gives the ‘obvious’ impression, to new players at least, that such permits can be obtained!

Some interpret this similar to an ‘unknown permit’ and isn’t obtainable, but without confirmation, I don’t believe it is.

*edited: FD have confirmed the system is inaccessible - see next post but 2.

Looking at this with a fresh perspective (albeit a little flavoured) by their own instructions FD give the indication to new players at least, that all ‘named’ permits are accessible!

https://customersupport.frontier.co.uk/hc/en-us/articles/4405339245074-Where-can-I-find-Military-Rank-Up-Engineer-Invite-or-Permit-Missions-

Of course FD have not been 100% clear on this, so there is the possibility there exists permits which simply cannot be opened (eg lore etc) or that said requirements are very high or very precise; and no one to date has figured out where this permit is…so maybe it’s not obtainable - I won’t rule that out either.

But it doesn’t confirm its not out there, and if there are ‘other’ types of locks in game, then FD really ought to confirm they’re existence, or at least describe them differently or correctly, such as ‘unknown’; otherwise by their own definition they are misleading players who might seek to unlock them and naively invest their time tilting at windmills.

I appreciate FD don’t want to hold hands and give the game away and I’ve always appreciated that, but still it’s simply poor communication on their part if they are applying unobtainable locks and not describing them accordingly. If we go off their public statements then logically ‘Polaris’ is obtainable, albeit likely the prerequisites are very specific (and not tied to a narrative)…

Under this ‘fresh start’ I’ve since submitted a customer service enquiry, a vain attempt to seek clarification, which I may follow up with another, being as I am in a pedantic mood.

Im aware this post gives my hand away and I’m highly confident it will result in a non-commitment response but you never know…

Last edited: Oct 16, 2021
Reactions:
Macros Black, simulacrae and Jorki Rasalas