PeteACarter
P
Jun 4, 2019
#8,603
Jaiotu said:
I have to agree with the penguin on this. Points 2 and 3 can hardly be taken as a given.

And yet there are plenty of reasons for this thread to exist that go beyond those principles. For one, several regular contributors to this thread (myself included) began other threads related to Raxxla that had a slightly different focus but we all kind of agreed to consolidate the discussion into this one. Not all of us are searching for Raxxla for the same reasons.

I, for one, suspect that Raxxla does exist in the game but that there must be reasons why it simply cannot be found right now. I think it is either permit locked or otherwise obfuscated from the galaxy map. Possibly a system that can only be seen in the Nav panel and doesn't get displayed on the map. Much like the Zurara, which was originally just a derelict Anaconda, Raxxla will be more impressive down the road when the game is more mature. If Raxxla turns out to be an Earth-like world I certainly don't want to find it until I can land on it and explore the surface.

Meanwhile there is still plenty of value in discussing Raxxla. Current speculation regarding what little we do know will likely apply toward actually finding Raxxla later on ... and, of course, I could be 100% wrong about my assumptions. Maybe Raxxla is already out there, fully realized, and just waiting for one of us to finally crack the code and find it. And so we dutifully hop into the thread and post our latest musings.
Click to expand...
I know there is a good chance you are right here....I hope your not!

There is part of me that still thinks it's on New Thebes, which has an atmosphere, and that's why we cant fund it.

I have no problem with different opinions, including we might not be able to get there yet.

My frustration came from the fact that, on this thread, we are all working hard, sharing ideas, having fun, playing with everything from Greek myths to ciphers, and I personally don't believe that "your all wasting your time" style comments would arise from people who are using this thread in the spirit in which it was intended, or had any goals other than spoiling other people's enjoyment
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and Jaiotu