Staarlord
S
Jun 27, 2018
#2,780
Allin said:
It's not Sirius, it's Polaris. Raxxla is in Polaris, however I'm not sure if it is a planet actually.

The stable portal to Witchspace is in Polaris and Sirius is possibly an exit to a one way (or currently one way) wormhole to Polaris. That's why it is a Waypoint. I also thint Sirius Corp "lost" the secret to how to properly open the wormhole and this is what they are really researching...



Check page 3. I think it is quite obvious what Waypoint is in that context. It's a lighthouse.



Supplementary info:

That mention in the books about people already being on Raxxla? That won't back down from hiring assassins to stop the ones on the track?
That's Sirius Corp. As you know Raxxla contains portals to "other dimensions" - that is obviously the stable gateway to Witchspace. The home of you know who and say with me what is the most important "invention" of Sirius Corp (they actually obtained the research data form Alliance and they used it to build a prototype)?
Yeah, Frame Shift Drive. Such coincidence, much mystery.
Another thing - Antares event. The ship "disappeared" when performing the experiment. Remember Event Horizon? It went into the witchspace and exited at the ONLY known stable exit point. Raxxla. Later on we've found its "remains".
Further - Polaris alternative name apart from Alpha Ursae Minoris and North Star is... Star of Arcady. Yes, the mythical Arcadia as people call it.
So, to sum it up - it's Polaris
As David Braben said it is in range of a stock Cobra III:



Jump range total 467LY. Polaris from LHS 3447 - 436.13LY. Remember you are not moving at a straight line.

Or and it's not like Lucifer would be the symbolical leader of the Dark Wheel.

Also, Polaris is a trinary system.






How about this for a thought? If that is exactly how he worded it, it could be alluding to the Jameson Cobra MKIII crash site. Now apparently Michael Brookes, with FDev, has stated, in a forum reply, that players have gone through the system it is in, but have not scanned the bodies there. I think this can help to rule out those seemingly not unlockable permit systems, like Polaris. Now personally I think it's weird, the mentioning of the Cobra MKIII. I tried to get him to confirm, on Twitter, if that was really said, and how exactly it was said, as that makes the biggest difference. There are a lot of ships with the range of an MKIII. The MKIV, for instance. So there is something very specific about the MKIII.
Last edited: Jun 27, 2018