SkyRock
Nov 14, 2019
#13,300
Han_Zen said:
You didn't read that in any official lore. It's not an impossible scenario, but those that wrote it have not idea what Raxxla is or where it is.

There is plenty of fan fiction about Raxxla. Some from the time of the original game and quite a bit from Oolite. Just be careful to check the source what you read.

It's very difficult to determine which sources that may be relevant. Mainly because the codex tells us that hints may be hidden in works of fiction.

If I were to rage them in relevance, it would be something like this:

1: In-game information. Codex, tourist beacons, logs and mission texts.
2: The Dark Wheel novel. Not lore but regarded as a legend that is not only known by players, but also in-game characters.
3: Ancient RL mythology. There are thematical indications that FD has made some connection between alien history in ED and old earth myths. We don't know the connection, but it could be something like, 'the old gods of earth were really descendants of exiled Guardians and actually visited earth at some point'?
4: Elite: Legacy. The only official lore book written by an author with any factual knowledge of Raxxla. Only no. 4 because MB has said he didn't want the Raxxla story to unfold outside the game, but he might still have snuck in something interesting?
5: Steven Eisler's The Alien World. Same author as TDW and actually talks about Oisir-Raxxla. Written well before TDW, so it's most likely that the Robert Holdsock just reused a name from his earlier work.
5. FE:2 and FFE lore. No longer considered full canon although the ED universe builds directly on the universe in these two games. I don't think Raxxla was in focus at all the time those games were made, so they get a low position.
6. Fan fiction and Oolite novels. These could at best have served as an inspiration to FD. None of the writers have any clue.

Edit: All this are my personal assumptions.
Click to expand...
I feel that I have probably read too much and everything has already turned into a mess(
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas, simulacrae, Vasquess and 3 others