Machina Ergo Sum
Apr 27, 2020
#16,190
CmdrMcGreen said:
Greetings Commanders,

possibly an old hoax, but it looks interesting nevertheless. I haven't found this link in the forum, so I post it here. If I'm wrong, sorry and forget this post.
So, has someone checked this picture?: Too good to be true?
Could be manipulated, of course. But for me it doesn't seem so. I've checked the image using Gimp and other tools. And it might be real.
I can't find any strange artifacts in this picture, which would suggest a manipulation.
Please prove me wrong or I'll go crazy.
What do you think? Confirmed hoax? Manipulated image? (If yes, how can you tell that it has been manipulated? (I'm eager to learn .. ))

I'm panning and zooming around the galaxy map to find an angle which could lead to the possible area where the pic was taken. Difficult..
Click to expand...
Lest said:
The name of the target in the blurred panel seems too long
SPOILER: PANEL

Image forensics also returned some blurry artifacts over the target:
SPOILER: TARGET - CROPPED

But the cockpit also got this blurred effect around it:


Not sure what it worth...

Also the user don't have any other pictures posted on imgur and seems to have created this account just for this ones.
Click to expand...
Scarecr0wn said:
Hello Commanders,
just regarding the most likely hoax discussed previously, OP of the picture uploaded 2 pics actually.






and made a "statement":
"i was expecting doubt. i dont mind it. here is a cool fact: raxxla speaks. i wont be giving any clues, or bother with any further proof. "

I never really did photo forensics but I tried, did not really discover anything so maybe one of you could run it and check how much the second pic could be adjusted?

o7
Click to expand...

A simple way is to look at the R. The font is wrong in the picture. iirc when this picture first came out, I checked in game with other R fonts and they were consistent with each other, i.e. the picture has the wrong R font. I might be wrong, you guys can try seeing it in game again.
Last edited: Apr 27, 2020
Reactions:
Deleted member 201405, Jorki Rasalas, Rochester and 3 others