Noobilite
Feb 18, 2019
#6,101
rOmiLaYu said:
Not sure whether or not this angle has been discussed or not yet, but the raxxla logo perfectly matches an overlay of Metatron's Circle. Here's a (very) rough mock up...not sure if it means anything or not.

From those lines I'm willing to bet so is the anaconda's hull.

If not some of the original ships in the original games look just like that. Maybe you are onto something. Do we need to figure out what the original ships were modeled after? That looks very interesting. Maybe some of the geometry from the original game would ultimately lead to clues.

I think the inner circle of the metatron circle should literally be the circle that is in 6 parts in them middle. That would make the center lines directly on the dotted lines and the ends of the black lined hexagon. Or it would just line up on the outside and inside of the hexagon...

That would definitely explain that targeting reticule design in the middle. I wonder if it's intention or the shapes chosen have just been copied from other things over the centuries or more and are just coincidental from functional use. Any idea what it means? I'm woefully short on knowledge in that realm of geometry. If shrunken down just a hair and lined up properly every part of that raxxla pic is lining up with something. Does the name raxxla relate to anything related to the metatron circle? I've tried drawing stuff like this in the past to figure out geometry from geometries perspective and prove lines etc. But I never have the means to go far enough with it to draw it properly and find out.

Found the alliance's image basically. You could probably take curves on the circle going through that circle and get the exact image. Is the game rooted in sacred geometry and similar things in geometry?
SPOILER


Combine some of that with 2d-3d logic



Maybe it makes a map on the galaxy or something odd.

The original game is probably also rooted in this sort of thing. It is highly practical.

This sort of knowledge will also likely combine heavily with astronomy and other things the game is based on. Especially from an historical perspective.

Also, notice the double circle commonly around these sorts of images is the same as around a shieldless vehicle:
SPOILER
Last edited: Feb 18, 2019
Reactions:
Ton618 666 and Han_Zen