Han_Zen
Feb 18, 2019
#6,102
Noobilite said:
From those lines I'm willing to bet so is the anaconda's hull.

If not some of the original ships in the original games look just like that. Maybe you are onto something. Do we need to figure out what the original ships were modeled after? That looks very interesting. Maybe some of the geometry from the original game would ultimately lead to clues.

I think the inner circle of the metatron circle should literally be the circle that is in 6 parts in them middle. That would make the center lines directly on the dotted lines and the ends of the black lined hexagon. Or it would just line up on the outside and inside of the hexagon...

That would definitely explain that targeting reticule design in the middle. I wonder if it's intention or the shapes chosen have just been copied from other things over the centuries or more and are just coincidental from functional use. Any idea what it means? I'm woefully short on knowledge in that realm of geometry. If shrunken down just a hair and lined up properly every part of that raxxla pic is lining up with something. Does the name raxxla relate to anything related to the metatron circle? I've tried drawing stuff like this in the past to figure out geometry from geometries perspective and prove lines etc. But I never have the means to go far enough with it to draw it properly and find out.

Found the alliance's image basically. You could probably take curves on the circle going through that circle and get the exact image. Is the game rooted in sacred geometry and similar things in geometry?

Combine some of that with 2d-3d logic



Maybe it makes a map on the galaxy or something odd.

The original game is probably also rooted in this sort of thing. It is highly practical.

This sort of knowledge will also likely combine heavily with astronomy and other things the game is based on. Especially from an historical perspective.

Also, notice the double circle commonly around these sorts of images is the same as around a shieldless vehicle:
Click to expand...

There are some 3D solids that project as a perfect hexagon.

The Cube, as you have shown.
The regular icosahedron(A2 projection), a twenty side dice:


The Cuboctahedron. The shape of a Coriolis station:


The Cuboctahedron is of course the odd one out, as it's not a Platonic solid. It's made of both triangles and squares.
It could still be said that it's the real 3D equivalent of the hexagon. All edges and vertices to center distances are the same, for both of them.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Icosahedron
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuboctahedron
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Platonic_solid
Reactions:
Rochester