Thatchinho
Jul 18, 2020
#17,968
Might have been ninja'd on a lot of this by now, but...
Emperor said:
It maybe space madness kicking in or the wine or the tinfoil hat may have slipped a little... but I was thinking what are the big mysteries/stories in Elite... Raxxla (of course), Guardians and the Thargs... then I was thinking what do they have in common in the new lore (I’m old skool 8 bit Elite). So humans fought the Thargoids, Guardians fought the Thargoids. We don’t know why the Thargoids got upset with humans first time around and we have no idea why Guardians fought the Thargoids (correct me if I am wrong - always keen to learn more!).
On the Thargoid/Human point the rumour is that a Thargoid delegation was attacked by Human colonists.

On the Thargoid/Guardian point, the story told by Ram Tah, (and thus at most just the Guardians' version of events) is that the Guardians occupied an area which the Thargoids had already seeded with Barnacles, and that the Thargoids attacked.

(And on the latter, can anyone seriously see the Guardians not having been helping themselves to Meta-Alloys?)

Emperor said:
We do know Raxxla was found (well probably!) and we know possibly the Dark Wheel found something out too.
I don't think we actually do know either of these things.

Emperor said:
There’s Soontil Artifacts which are also Alien but not from Guardian/Thargoid/Human sources....
They're from a Thargoid source. The quote is:

"The research team’s results clearly state that no known human technology could have created the relics, yet they do not quite align with known Thargoid materials."

Emphasis is mine. Point being that it doesn't say they're nothing like Thargoid materials. It's just that they're not exactly like known Thargoid materials.

Emperor said:
So do the Thargoids know about Raxxla?
I heard at one point that the Thargoids were aware of the legend of Raxxla, but were more interested in Soontill. That however may well have been a distortion of a statement to the effect that Soontill to the Thargoids held a similar legendary/mythical status as Raxxla does to us.

Emperor said:
Did the Guardians also discover it?
Nothing to indicate so. Some hints that it might be a Guardian creation though. (When I say hints, I don't mean FD statements, I mean things that can be interpreted as indicators.)

Emperor said:
and are the Thargs protecting it?
Nothing to indicate so.

Emperor said:
If so is that a map to Raxxla?
No, it's a diagramatic representation of how to use the Thargoid Devices.

Emperor said:
Just a thought...
Also noticed I may have missed a ringed planet on my simplistic diagram if this one is accurate...

if the bottom is Sag-A (Tharg machines show a spiralling galaxy of some sort when you use the UA, UP and US as in the diagram?) then what is the destination? Home?

The 8 leaved icons = Thargoids? And the - and | in the middle are the coordinations to get there?

There will be no clues, but you have to make it a little bit obvious....

Has anyone taken a UA to Merope and see if it points to a different direction as the diagram would suggest? Does a US point somewhere? And if the UP needs to go to Col 70 Sector FY-N C21-3 we’re a bit screwed!)

And with that brain dump and the end of the glass of wine it’s time for sleep
Click to expand...
See previous point. It's essentially how to find other Thargoid Structures from the one you're at.
Last edited: Jul 18, 2020
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Machina Ergo Sum, Six6VI and 3 others