Rochester
Jan 4, 2024
#32,848
Tuatha Dé Danann

Note: these are not definitive and correlations are based upon open source information; various names might been interchangeable based upon locational origins; much may be fictitious or modern interpretations of verbal/oral history.

Of note many of the entities described below, their locations or their race are also likewise utilised by Robert Holdstock in his ‘The Lost Realms’.

It is my suspicion that Michael Brookes has incorporated this race into the game, not arbitrarily. Their positions I believe follow an existing architecture, where ‘upper’ gods are established within an ‘upper hemisphere’ - which sits ‘above’ a zone of Chaos, and identifies a larger‘Miltonian / Holdstockian Cosmological model.

My initial assumption is that they form the skeletal foundations of this architecture and help denote the zone of the heavens.

The Tuatha Dé Danann are otherwise known generally as ‘the folk of the goddess Danu’ the "mother of the gods" or "mother of all things". The term Danu however is a modern word based upon Danann.

Danann - is also known by the earlier name Tuath Dé or tribe of the gods who lived in the ‘Otherworld’ a realm of realms which exists both outside but also within our reality.

The Danann are associated with the Sídhe or old burial bounds as entrances to the Otherworld.

The Danann included: the Dagda, the Morrigan, Lugh, Nuada, Brigid, Manannán, Dian Cecht, Goibniu, Ogma, Nuada also known as Nodens, Etain, Bodb and Dearg.

Dagda is not in game, but has multiple alternate names, including possible links to Odin and Donn, which is in game.

The Manannán is not in game but his realm Mag Mel is.

Then there were the Fomorians, an opposing population to the Tuatha Dé Danann potential destructive forces of nature, demons, or malevolent spirits, that may have dwelt underwater beneath the earth. However certain Fomorians were directly related to the Tuatha Dé Danann such as Brigit (Brigid).They were fought by various members of the Danann.

Danu is in game (Y+)
Morrigan is in game (Y+)
Dian Cecht is in game (Y+)
Goibniu is in game (Y+)
Ogma is in game (Y+)
Nodens is in game (Y+)
Etain is in game (Y+)
Boann is in game (Y+)
Lugh is in game (Y-)
Brigid is in game (Y-)
Bodb Dearg is in game (Y-)
Fomorians is in game (Y-)

Relationships - these are not definitive and only based upon open source information, these were used to establish any in game visual links which may help correlate patterns.

Dagda and Morrigan were husband and wife.
Ogma was a child of Dagda.
Brigid was a child of Dagda.
Bodb Dearg a child of Dagda.
Dian Cecht a child of Dagda.
Brigid in neo-paganism is worshipped in conjunction with Lugh and/or Cernunnos.
Ogma is linked to Lugh by trial of combat.
Ogma related to Etain.
Lugh lived in a kingdom called Tara.
Lugh may have had a shared family relation to the Tuatha Dé Danann and the Fomorians.
Morrigan, Macha and Badb were sisters. Macha is not in game but it’s possibly a cognate for Danu. Together they may have formed a tripartite goddess.
Nuada (Nodens) was married to Boann.

Contextual
Tara is in game
Mag Mel is in game
Cernunnos is in game.



The image below is as above but includes the Lost Realm of ‘Avalon’.



The next image shows the above, but includes the identified zone of Storms aka the Chaos zone; and the zone of the Underworld.



The next image shows the path of the first stage of Brookes tour (green), and some of those systems mentioned in Brookes Drabbles (white); and far below certain systems linked to various myths linked to Avalon, Lands of Youth / Apples etc…



The image below includes the Norse Norns and Greek fates.



The next image uses the Greek Wind Compass to show my hypothetical true North, and shifts these systems upon that axis.

Last edited: Jan 5, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Edelgard von Rhein, Emperor and 2 others