El Saico
Jan 4, 2024
#32,857
Darrack said:
This is a good point, is it due to the 'precession' cycle thing?

O7
Yes, much like Kochab was the pole star of antiquity (although not close enough for navigational purposes, so nearby Pherkad had to be used in conjunction).

selbie said:
@Louis Calvert I think we are on the right track with the signal. I can now say with more confidence they are fragmented pieces of a larger puzzle.

This evolved from a sudden realisation I had from my earlier post about Zeta Puppis and the idea of Cepheid variables and T Tauri stars.
A while back I had explored the Signal shapes and tried to match it to the Taurus constellation, but in reading more about Puppis I realised this was the real key.

Puppis is one component of the greater Argo Navis constellation - the ship of Jason and the Argonauts. It includes Carina (the hull) and Vela (the sails).
Puppis is latin for the poop deck (from french - la poupe) or the stern (rear) of a ship - typically an elevated section for navigation.

For reference, here are the landscape signal lines traced out:
Left (Red) - the Mountain,
Middle (Blue) - what I call the "Taurus", and
Right (Green) - another line I spotted in the noise.
These seemed to be the most common elements of the signal, aside from one which seems close to the right-hand line of the Mountain image.

While overlaying these shapes over the constellations, I recognised the aft shape of the Puppis constellation. From there it was just a matter of lining things up. The moment I saw it I knew this had to be something.




Here is where it gets a bit tinfoily, but relates to earlier ideas I had.



The codex references Art Tornqvist and Cora. Art is stated as being a . Cora, unknown if his wife or daughter, wants to borrow his ship to find a treasure. Much like Jason and the Argonauts went on a seeking the Golden Fleece.
Related to this, in classical times the Argo constellation appeared to skim along the (a ship is typically referred as feminine)

The name can be broken down to its syllables Art-Torn-Qvist.
A in some languages is the name for a - a room-like projection from a roofed structure. The aft poop deck of a traditional ship has something resembling that:
The term Aft also derives from the Old English . Say 3 times quickly
You could also stretch the meaning of Torn as the nordic Thorn - a thorned, or weaponised, poop deck.

is another name for - daughter of Zeus & Demeter and wife of Hades - sacred to her stood at the of the earth on the - here's one for you Rochester , which itself was called "house of Persephone".
Cora also came home "" or,

Vagabond heart - Sea voyages often resulted in loss of crew / ships - parent's grief, lover's woe. In the mythical tale, as a result of breaking his vow to love Medea forever, Jason lost his favor with Hera and died lonely and unhappy. He was asleep under the stern of the rotting Argo when it fell on him, killing him instantly.
Ships can also be referenced as "the jewel of the ____ sea" etc.
A ship's drive could be said to be the "door and key" to the galaxy. A whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void.

A is a nautical term for the gangway from ship to shore when a ship is lying alongside a quay.
The brightest stars that relate to the hull / keel of the Argo Navis are:

That's all I have for tonight, but this is only scratching the surface of what I'm thinking about. Perhaps this can help someone find at least that will help my other ideas into something more substantial
Click to expand...

The toast being related to Homer's Odyssey was already hypothesized here a while ago, but linking the Landscape Signal to Argo Navis makes it even more intriguing!
(and I say that as the one who threw water at the flames of the expedition on Canonn's Discord...)

One interesting property of those three constellations is that their stars' Bayer designations (i.e. their Greek letter prefixes) were retained even after the breakup; thus only Carina has Alpha and Beta, Vela has Gamma and so on.

Right off the bat I see an issue with the jewels on the brow, however: Gamma Velorum sits as the center of its namesake Regor Sector, from which the Guardian cone/arrow of influence extends, and has always been permit-locked.
Last edited: Jan 4, 2024
Reactions:
Emperor, Adel, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person