selbie
Jan 4, 2024
#32,852
@Louis Calvert I think we are on the right track with the signal. I can now say with more confidence they are fragmented pieces of a larger puzzle.

This evolved from a sudden realisation I had from my earlier post about Zeta Puppis and the idea of Cepheid variables and T Tauri stars.
A while back I had explored the Signal shapes and tried to match it to the Taurus constellation, but in reading more about Puppis I realised this was the real key.

Puppis is one component of the greater Argo Navis constellation - the ship of Jason and the Argonauts. It includes Carina (the hull) and Vela (the sails).
Puppis is latin for the poop deck (from french - la poupe) or the stern (rear) of a ship - typically an elevated section for navigation.

For reference, here are the landscape signal lines traced out:
SPOILER: THE LANDSCAPE SIGNAL LINES
Left (Red) - the Mountain,
Middle (Blue) - what I call the "Taurus", and
Right (Green) - another line I spotted in the noise.
These seemed to be the most common elements of the signal, aside from one which seems close to the right-hand line of the Mountain image.

While overlaying these shapes over the constellations, I recognised the aft shape of the Puppis constellation. From there it was just a matter of lining things up. The moment I saw it I knew this had to be something.
The mountain is not a mountain.... it's Vela the sail with the mast running through it!!!
Edit: version 2 might be closer:

SPOILER: VERSION 1

Here is where it gets a bit tinfoily, but relates to earlier ideas I had.

SHIP METAPHOR

The codex references Art Tornqvist and Cora. Art is stated as being a shipboard mechanic. Cora, unknown if his wife or daughter, wants to borrow his ship to find a treasure. Much like Jason and the Argonauts went on a voyage seeking the Golden Fleece.
Related to this, in classical times the Argo constellation appeared to skim along the river of the Milky Way - mother of galaxies?? (a ship is typically referred as feminine)

The name Art Tornqvist can be broken down to its syllables Art-Torn-Qvist.
A Kvist in some languages is the name for a Dormer - a room-like projection from a roofed structure. The aft poop deck of a traditional ship has something resembling that:
SPOILER: LA POOP
The term Aft also derives from the Old English æftan. Say Æftan Kvist 3 times quickly
You could also stretch the meaning of Torn as the nordic Thorn - a thorned, or weaponised, poop deck.

Cora is another name for Persephone - daughter of Zeus & Demeter and wife of Hades - Groves sacred to her stood at the western extremity of the earth on the frontiers of the lower world - here's one for you Rochester , which itself was called "house of Persephone".
Cora also came home "soused" or, preserved in salty water - a sailor!

Vagabond heart - Sea voyages often resulted in loss of crew / ships - parent's grief, lover's woe. In the mythical tale, as a result of breaking his vow to love Medea forever, Jason lost his favor with Hera and died lonely and unhappy. He was asleep under the stern of the rotting Argo when it fell on him, killing him instantly.
Ships can also be referenced as "the jewel of the ____ sea" etc.
A ship's drive could be said to be the "door and key" to the galaxy. A whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void.

A Brow is a nautical term for the gangway from ship to shore when a ship is lying alongside a quay.
The brightest stars (jewels on the brow) that relate to the hull / keel of the Argo Navis are:
Canopus / Alpha Carinae
Miaplacidus / Beta Carinae
Avior / Epsilon Carinae
Aspidiske / Iota Carinae
Upsilon Carinae
Regor / Gamma Velorum
Naos / Zeta Puppis
Ahadi / Pi Puppis
Tureis / Rho Puppis
Ride on, Commanders!
That's all I have for tonight, but this is only scratching the surface of what I'm thinking about. Perhaps this can help someone find at least something that will help crystallize my other ideas into something more substantial

[Update - added Upsilon Carinae - a well known binary with two Two A I Supergiants]
[Update 2 - added newer constellation image]
Last edited: Jan 5, 2024
Reactions:
Emperor, Adel, Han_Zen and 6 others