Rochester
Jan 4, 2024
#32,847
Edelgard von Rhein said:
Thanks Emperor! I have watched some of Drew's streams and his writing videos before so I knew some of this but certainly not all.

It is fascinating to read that:
SPOILER
That's the kind of thing that could hold back finding the next step in the quest for Raxxla, or Raxxla itself. Maybe the reason FD can say that they know why no one has found it is because they can check whether anyone has done this. If finding Raxxla was down to the methodology of people exploring, it becomes less tangible to know why something has not been found. e.g. if FD were asked why no one found the Voyager probes before they did, they would not be able to say that they know the reason, because it could have been just missed by someone flying 1001 Ls away, or too fast to notice the signal source pop up.

Today I visited Goibniu and Ogma for the first time, these being relevant to the Sidhe mythology, and also Berkanan, which I think (hope), is the last of the tree-runes. In addition, I noticed a system called Ragnorak (quite the Shibboleth!) and visited that for the first time as well (it is well away from interesting areas, being close to the frontier of the Bubble way up in Alliance space on the Colonia-facing side). Another system I visited for the first time was Ovid, which has an Earth-like World called Kenash with a very close-orbiting moon, Paseguru, perhaps another mountain (a preliminary check online for both planet and moon has not yielded any references at all)? Both planet and moon have stations orbiting them but outside the moon's orbit - the one supposed to be orbiting the moon orbits further out than the one orbiting the planet - it does not look like it ought to be gravitationally bound to just the moon, so I suspect this is a hand-crafted location. The Sidhe systems are all over the Bubble and it is hard to see a pattern, though Brigid is close to the Epona, Dana and Idunn triad around Beta Sculptoris. I have encountered some more unusual system names that I plan to visit soon. I'm back to wandering around the region below the Empyrean, looking for places I have not been or interesting names.
Click to expand...
I’ve been working on something similar regarding regards the Sidhe mythology. It’s a work in progress but I’ll post it for consideration.

Of interest: do you have any definitive list of said tree-runes? This I think may be an integral element!
Last edited: Jan 4, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Emperor