Count dEstard
Aug 30, 2019
#11,626
Filthymick420 said:
Tinfoil
So maybe that 'not clue' leads to New Africa. Trojan could be the reference to Troy. And whatever was the decided destination for Atlantis. Adds up if you use enough tinfoil. Well, what are you waiting for lol

Actually I will try to visit Omagua und Atlantis and have a look around. The Prester John part is still puzzling me. What we know as a fact is, the first time John was mentioned by Hugh of Jabbala was in a letter he gave to Pope Eugene III in 1145 which was a fraud, desgined to make the pope call for another crusade. The kingdom of John wasn't named in this letter, but it was supposed to be east of Persia and Armenia - that's why I mentioned Bactria the other day. Besides that the letter contained fanciful details of riches, dragons, satyrs and other fantastic creatures as well as a magic spring that would make you live 300 years (sounds a bit like Raxxla, doesn't it?).

Concerning speculation there were several attempts to link this story to the Mongols, especially Genghis Khan, but that seems nonsense as that peculiar gentleman was born between 1155 and 1167 A.D. so clearly after Hughs little forgery. Other sources thought the St. Thomas Christian from India might have been the ones referred to while others thought it might be the christian kingdom of Ethiopia.

As it all started with a fraud I'm quite convinced this is no myth but a blatant lie designed to stifle a popes greed and beligerence. As there are no names mentioned it's difficult to hammer Galnet with appropriate terms.

Concerning Atlantis: It's a bit unclear whether Platon simply made this up as a parable in "Kritias and Timaios" or whether he was referring to historic facts (I've read somewhere he said he was only relaying a story he had heard from Solon who in turn got it frome some egyptian temple priests). However as some modern scientists believe Troy might have been the Atlantis he was referring to, Eta Cass and Trojan (unlandeable ELW if EDDB is right) might be on my list as well.

Anything better than that boring hell of mining...

Edit: Link to Prester John on Wiki https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prester_John
Last edited: Aug 30, 2019
Reactions:
simulacrae, Scytale and Han_Zen