Noobilite
Aug 30, 2019
#11,628
PeteACarter said:
By definition, all myths are made up. Otherwise they wouldn't be myths, they would be history..
Not quite. For all we know it was a pre bronze age collapse super power. Usually these stories are based on something. The presumption it's fakes is usually a presumption. And often things that are known to be real keep being called fake over time by people who don't know later on. We know absolutely nothing about that time period. Greek lost it's own writing abilities for gods sake. And we've lost the libraries in egypte several times. Didn't the writer say he got the info from Egypt directly and that it was real.

For all we know it was great britain before it's area was flooded between france and whatnot. Although not an island it could have had those features somewhere and the world was flooded. Maybe there was an island there as described of the preexisting shape and size. Or any of the island underwater before the oceans rise or the land fell or something. There no reason to believe it's fake. It's not impossible. Things disappear catastrophyically all the time. Maybe Atlantis is Pompeii. Not sure if it fits the timeline though(Wrong period unless it had and earlier history and had similar problems.). Plus it could be real and the island description metaphoric for a particular society and it's problems making it a real description or something. There's no limit to the potential. What did zues's brother represent?! He was king of atlantis. Poseiden may have been a real ancient king from before the bronze age collapse.

The other simple possibility is that it's America. It could have been refering to an ancient civilization of the time. Maybe sea traveling was far superior to what we know back then. Or maybe tech was very different and what advanced was was very different. All it takes is our lack of knowledge of common sea faring knowledge. The bronze age could have reduced that. For all we know that was better prior to the collapse. What if it's collapse was the explosion of the super volcano in yellow stone or something?

There is a version where it is Tampa florida and the americas are the rest of the description. The continent part. The same could go for britain and doggerland. It actually sunk.
Last edited: Aug 30, 2019
Reactions:
Scytale, TotallySirius, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person