Thatchinho
Jan 2, 2023
#28,758
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Starship One was destroyed in the Witchspace tunnel (hyperspace).

From "Shades of the Antares Incident":
“I’m told the early investigations from telemetry and uplink data suggest an explosive drive failure destroyed Starship One in hyperspace, catapulting all three of her protective Guardian Wing out of hyperspace. Wreckage is likely spread across interstellar space. I’m told there are parallels with the loss of the Highliner Antares way back in 3251 when she was lost with all hands on her maiden voyage.”

From "The loss of Starship One linked to Mechanical Failure":
The Federal Navy has today released its official report into the disappearance of Starship One. As expected, the 600,000 word document provides a detailed analysis of the inner workings of Starship One.

The report confirms that the abnormal energy signature detected by Guardian Wing Alpha, immediately prior to Starship One’s last known jump, was almost certainly caused by mechanical failure. The report includes an in depth comparison with the failure of the Highliner Antares and concludes there were remarkable similarities in the unusual failure mode, and it is still unclear why the automatic shutdown systems did not operate (most of which were not present on the Antares). The failure began with a power surge in the central power plant – something not especially unusual in a high capacity hydrogen reactor – causing several other core systems to overload.

Despite going over hours of evidence, including video feeds detailing the last several days of life aboard all four ships of Starflight One, investigators were not able to identify any signs of foul play. In the end, the team has concluded that the cause of Starship One’s loss was a complex multi-stage engine failure.
Click to expand...
Yes, but my point wasn’t about the nature of the accident but where the visions happened.

Halsey wasn’t found in hyperspace, she was found in real space. (Taking what was reported in Galnet at face value anyway.)

Her visions seem to link to her time floating in her escape pod in real space.

“A reporter from the Alliance Tribune asked President Halsey what it was like to drift through space for so long:

"It was wonderful. Amazing. I saw the universe, and our galaxy within it, as I'd never seen it before, and I felt the presence of the real caretakers of our galaxy. The paradox of their existence – tiny yet gargantuan, fleeting yet eternal. They spoke to me as I drifted in the void. It was amazing. I must share their message."”

(From https://community.elitedangerous.com/galnet/uid/57023a099657baf74c71f6e8 )
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian