CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 1, 2023
#28,748
Jorki Rasalas said:
Systems visited by Jaques prior to the jump to Colonia:

?? Topaz moon-??

? Feb 3301 - 19 Feb 3301 wandering around HIP 110620

19 Feb 3301 Journeying through HIP 110079 - Unknown date

-16 months gap on Jaques’ activities!-

19 May 3302 Jaques jumped from Gliese 1269. Beagle Point was the intended destination, jump expected to take a week but he went missing

28 Jun 3302 Jaques found in Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 (Colonia)

The inconsistency is regarding the actual jump date. Since the three saboteurs from ’The Hands of the Architects’ were arrested & held in custody at Jaques Station on 20 May 3302 the jump is highly unlikely to have been before that date; he may have jumped that day or the next, despite galnet report 26 May 3302 saying “despite setting off almost a week ago”, which sort of implies 20th. But seems strange that attempted sabotage of the fsd didn't delay the jump for a few days!

The major gaps are between from whenever he left Topaz to Feb 3301, and from 19 Feb 3301 to 19 May 3302 when Jaques seems to have gone missing. I thought there was more info available on his movements, so it may be in the Codex (haven’t checked TB!). Moreover we are told in the Wiki that he had to upgrade his original Coriolis to a more resilient Orbis, but that’s not discussed in galnet.
Click to expand...
Allow me to help clear up the gaps...

Topaz (of which there are 3 in-game): Facece, Ayethi, and Phekda:

Facece - aka Facece 5 and no moons
Ayethi (Argent home system) - aka Ayethi 1 (no moons)
Phekda (Ancients of Mumu home) - aka Phekda 4c (actually a moon)

Apparently, Jaques had business with the Ancients of Mumu as all 3 moons are terraformed Earth-likes.

System description of Phekda:
A rare anarchy system that maintains a powerful industrial economy. Also known as Gamma Ursae Majoris and Phad.

The home system for The Ancients of Mumu who are adherents to the entity \"Mumu\". Their aim is to maintain the substance and nature of their society and protect their home system from incursion by any non-believers. Founded in the 12th century, while still planet bound on Mother Earth, the (then) Adherents of Mumu sought to better their environment for the benefit of others.

When first generation ships were due to leave Earth their society sought to colonise a system far from Earth as they believed that Earth itself was not worth saving. The colonists, by and large, survived the journey, arriving several hundred years ago. A significant proportion of the first settlers had developed a sincere hatred of space travel by the time they made first landing.

Since their arrival they have grown particularly attached to their home and have transformed into a community that is fiercely protective of its chosen system and resistant to any attempts at visitation by those who have not been granted access.
Click to expand...

The "Ancients of Mumu" connection actually gets interesting as it connects to a Mesopotamian God, the Illuminatus! trilogy by Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson, and Philippine mythology.

Newsletter#61 (attached - sorry for missing images - this was hard to find) covers a bunch of Jaques goings-ons including upgrading to an Orbis and re-affirms the connection to Augustus Brenquith ("glittering legacy", Astrogator Tours, Saud Kruger, and the Astrogator consoles found in all ships past and present).

"I guess it will take me about another fifty years to buy up the rest of this place and another ten to fit it out with enough drive engines." Andre's choking splutter distracted the cyborg for a moment. He wiped the beer from his jacket and the bar as he continued, "I've got a hankering to see the universe again, you see. I think I'll do what Augustus Brenquith did and fly off into the unknown and explore new systems. But I like people as well, so in sixty or so years time there will be an invitation going out, anyone who wants to come along can join me on a long trip. "If you're still around and interested, come and sign up. I never forget a face."

There's on other piece that is missing from "Galactic News: No Sign of Jaques Station":
Kinsley Larson, an engineering specialist, offered this assessment to the Federal Times:

"I can't say I'm surprised. A leap like that would be a remarkable feat for a starship, never mind a starport. Even if Jaques Station survived the jump, there are countless things that could have gone wrong and caused it to veer off course. It could be almost anywhere in the galaxy. Assuming it's still in one piece, that is."

A number of Unknown Artefacts had recently been sold at Jaques Station, and the starport was experiencing technical issues at the time it departed for Beagle Point.

I personally ascribe to the belief that the jump to Colonia was very intentional and that Beagle Point was the convenient cover story. If Jaques was dealing with "The Ancients of Mumu" this was very intentional. Jaques himself in "All That Glisters..." stated he wanted "do what Augustus Brenquith did and fly off into the unknown and explore new systems". Beagle Point (aka Ceeckia ZQ-L c24-0) was already explored by Distant Worlds Expedition so it wouldn't have fitted with what Jaques wanted to do. Given recent events in 3308 this line is especially troubling from Phekda and the Ancients of Mumu:

When first generation ships were due to leave Earth their society sought to colonise a system far from Earth as they believed that Earth itself was not worth saving.
Attachments
Elite_Dangerous_Newsletter_61_-_Elite_Dangerous_General_Discussions.pdf
936.3 KB · Views: 126
Last edited: Jan 1, 2023
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and John Stoutbeard