Louis Calvert
Jan 2, 2023
#28,749
All this talk of Jaques got me thinking...


This ^^ actually maybe totally explains how Raxxla could have been 'found' pre-2296 and then lost.

The above quote from Jaques ties in with TDW novella lore about how witchspace is basically a timeless place and you can get thrown around in time and space without the protection of the Faraway jump system tunnels. Halsey saw the Guardian civilisation as it was 1-2million years ago during her hyperspace jump accident. Jaques was thrown around several different systems during his hyperspace accident.

Raxxla pre-2296 Discovery
What if one of the early Hyperspace test jumps went wrong but the pilot made it back alive to report what they saw as they bounced around in time and space, and that was whatever Raxxla is - exactly like Halsey and Jaques did.

People then knew "Raxxla" existed, but not where it was! Exactly like when Halsey got everyone to go looking for what she saw in her visions. Only back in the 22nd/23rd Century hyperspace travel was limited, expensive, and hard so getting out across the galaxy just wasn't an option, but the myth of Raxxla being "out there somewhere" would have stuck around for Art Tornqvist to mention in 2296.

Note: I don't think this means Jaques or Halsey saw Raxxla, just that what happened to them helps to make sense of Raxxla being discovered and then lost. The codex helps us date that to the early part of human history - and then we're supposed to consider what happened next in the timeline.

Maybe the next step of the puzzle is to look at who pushed Hyperdrive development and exploration the most... Building a company that would fund hyperdrive research and development for as long as it takes, the 'secret' goal was to find and exploit Raxxla first, the ultimate long-term business strategy.

Which means: Sirius.

Sirius controls Raxxla now?
Sirius was the first corporate colony (2350) The first megacorporation, and still the most powerful. They made Hyperdrive fuel and hyperdrives first and foremost, before diversifying into other areas. Later, Sirius developed the Antares (testbed for faster, longer range hyperdrives), and then later the Frame Shift Drive which ushered in our present age of being able to explore essentially freely across the galaxy.

Sirius is linked to the Club in Premonition, and significantly Wreaken construction who in 3302 established a massive mysterious "construction convoy" fleet. 2 months later Galnet reported a mysterious dead body at "a Wreaken Construction site in the COL 70 sector" despite the permit lock. At the time (as far as I recall) no-one could really figure out what that meant, it was just a weird mystery.

Wreaken specialises in the extraction of tantalum, a vital component in the manufacture of Frame Shift Drives
Wreaken is a major customer of Sirius Mining. The two businesses signed a long-term deal for Wreaken to have exclusive access to Sirius Mining equipment.
A member of The Club known only as "Finance" is known to manage much of Wreaken Construction's activities.

Sirius could easily be the sinister cabal that controls Raxxla:
Raxxla also plays a role in several conspiracy theories, most of which attest that it has already been discovered by some kind of sinister cabal (or sole tyrant), which has leveraged its power to establish covert dominance over humanity.

Sirius found Raxxla because they were powerful enough to fund the best explorers, pay for anyone else who finds it to be assassinated, powerful enough to force The Dark Wheel to remain hidden. They're essentially above the law in a way that maybe only the Pilot's Federation can actually match?

I'm going to go look at Sirius' business and see if anything stands out.

Anyone know of any documented investigations into Sirius stuff to save me some time with this tinfoil-lined rabbit hole?
Reactions:
simulacrae, SpocksOddSocks, Zieman and 1 other person