Jorki Rasalas
Aug 5, 2019
#10,253
simulacrae said:
I guess I saw it as different in that Waldens were done in a "traditional" way presumably the clones were brought to term in an incubator and then "born" and grew up normally. I assumed that the cloning of Kahina/Salome was done after the Prisim incident... (so the clone would have been some sort of quick grown to the right age thing) - why would the Lorens have made clones of her as a kid ? But putting a pin in that for the moment. If Kahina was a clone as well as Salome ... It makes more sense now why Octavia Quinton wanted her body specifically. Octavia had to have been an older version of the same clone... It also begs the question ... Was Kahina/Salome/Octavia made by Walden?

Mmm
Kahina was a clone, planted in the Loren household for someone’s plans (TDW? The Club?) who grew up as an oddball since she had different physical characteristics from the Imperial norm of blond haired docile women. Presumably as a “cuccoo” the egg was implanted into the Loren mother during some standard medical checkup/procedure.

When the uprising came and her family were killed she took on the persona of Salomé (named by Hassan after his sister’s cat as I recall) after losing her memory due to Octavia’s “storage tube”. So there is only one clone here, not two, but yes after the invasion of Prism by Loren. No need for quick growth; I think natural timeIine & the uprising was around 20 years after the invasion. She was of the same clone stock as Rebecca, Octavia, etc (we suspect Elyssia as the “original”, but possibly Arissa also (a hint that The Club is behind this, manipulating even the Imperial bloodline??)), but Octavia went rogue so it’s intimated somewhere that Kahina was her replacement (in which case TDW are more likely since Rebecca etc were involved, unless that intervention was what caused Rebecca to break with The Club). Walden, as far as I recall, only cloned himself to ensure the continuity of his dictatorship over Lave. Teorge was the clone world, populated by selected clones of the original colony ship hundreds of years before, so clone technology is widely available, not just limited to Walden.
Last edited: Aug 6, 2019
Reactions:
Thatchinho, Dr. Lexus, simulacrae and 1 other person