Rochester
Feb 4, 2024
#33,280
My recent investigations into the gates of hell and the path of Jacques, has me again thinking; way back to Michael’s commissioned Saxon shield and its potential allegorical links to Paradise Lost.

The design depicts a halo’ed Michael with a heavenly gate in the background; a raven with a smouldering eye watches over them.

I do believe that such pictorial metaphors were evidence of Brookes intentionally albeit clandestine hints - outside of the game. I’ve come to believe this is so due to his Drabbles, being within close relation in context to a wider cosmological construct.

This shield image for me depicts the same design as for his book cover, an archangel fighting serpents outside the gates of heaven (again some unknown figure holding smoke in the background). And I duly suspect these do depict a location in game.

Over the past few years my investigations I believe have identified a design and meaning to the location of hundreds of systems in the bubble. I strongly believe Brookes did write his ‘unpublished book’ but he applied it as an architecture in the game, I believe this was done without the knowledge of FD, and it’s original intention was to act as an architecture for an archived narrative; parts of it likely still exist and probably are in use, but at most I feel these are foundations.

Likewise I feel the location of Raxxla is described in the Codex, and it is this architecture which it alludes to.

Given the Saxxon/Celtic/Norse references, what else may be interpreted from this sheild design?

I don’t believe, much like with the Codex it’s a direct interpretation, or even depicts a precise location, but rather they all, are pictorial metaphors whose references outline various applicably named systems spread over a relative large area, but when viewed together identify some path, direction or fulcrum.

I’m somewhat confident such a location is very close to being around a sphere of influence close to Shamash / Helios / Olorun / Fall / Sheela na Gig, as these all conveniently located around a hypothetical area of heaven.

Presently I’m too close to the data seeing everything factually, needing some time away to help see the wider abstraction, to look for some other interpretations. My only doubts are that said allegory, although potentially correct may relate to an opposing location, but I feel we’ve draw the are for investigation towards a focal point where if one assessment fails to yield results the other ought to follow to be accurate.

I believe we are incredibly close. My only hope is FD has not locked this behind some narrative gate. But I’m confident that if they have, we already have those keys, and this insight rankles them somewhat, which if narrative is payment due in my opinion.




Cultural_depictions_of_ravens
Last edited: May 5, 2024
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, Quaero and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian