El Saico
Jan 31, 2024
#33,263
Rochester said:
There’s various posts linked. I’ve updated the post to include as many of these as possible 07.

Honestly I’ve probably not included ‘every’ Yoruba deity. The difficulty starts in knowing where to start, and where to stop, but I believe I’ve plotted ‘enough’ systems named after various deities, so as to satisfy my curiosity and to acknowledge many were place intentionally.

I believe there to be a great deal of intentional obfuscation as well, granted but that a certain percentage do have an intentional alignment.

Spacial mapping might not highlight this perfectly but I believe it outlines its influence. As to if this is by design or if it simply uncovers an unconscious hand we can’t yet know?

It’s a big question to answer ‘how’ much of all this is actually really by design and what is just an

We always must acknowledge humans love to resolve patterns out of chaos. All this could just be total bio-fuel.

I don’t ever presume to state my findings are 100% true, I try and identify there’s a towards them being so, my objective is always to look for ways to focus resources to where they might best yield an outcome - as if to ask ‘is this a good enough reason to look in this area’…

It’s up to everyone to assess if it’s valid or simply space-madness.
Click to expand...
A bit more on the orishas: Oduduwa was the one who descended on the golden chain to create Earth - an alternative name present as a system is Odudu.
He usurped the role from his brother Obatala (Oxalá, Orishala), who was assigned the role but got distracted by a party on the way out. As punishment, Olorun relegated the latter to create humankind - and the reason for our flaws is that he hit the liquor too much on the job.

The Empire/Underworld - Federation/Chaos - Alliance/Empyrean arrangement seems definitely on purpose, and a natural extension from how FFE presented them:

FFE Population Map

We can then extrapolate that, if Raxxla is indeed Eden (perhaps on literal Earth?), it's necessary to find the gates of the Empyrean somewhere in the historical Alliance-Federation border and then the golden ladder to descend on.
...speaking of which, wasn't the Halsey tour all about the Federal frontier?

Last edited: Jan 31, 2024
Reactions:
Quaero and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian