Jorki Rasalas
Feb 15, 2021
#21,142
Emperor said:
CMDRAscorbius claims to have been there and heard it directly from Michael Brooks at Lavecon in a Q&A. The full video from twich seems to have gone, but someone clipped the important bit here in an earlier post: https://m.twitch.tv/clip/SnappyScaryMousePupper

Just in case that disappears (or if Jorki is on his iPad ), I've done a quick transcript below (I left out the thanks for his additional followers as it's not relevant).

"I was in the room when Michael Brooks said the thing... the system where Raxxla is has been entered at least once by a commander, they just jumped and off they went. ...They either scooped and gone...He didn't say anything else but the system where Raxxla is has been visited. So it's not in the 99.99999999% of the rest of the galaxy... we have been there. Whether you trust my word or not.... is.... that's a thing... but I was there when he said it, because he said it at Lavecon and it was in a Q&A. Erm so it's not in a locked system but we just don't know how to find it or what even it is... or what even it is.... I do think the Dark Wheel have something to do with it..."

Whilst there is speculation in the statement, he does claim to have been there at the time and heard the comments directly.
Click to expand...

Well it was Ascorbius I pm’d over this, in August 2020, but I was operating Chatham House rule!

Strictly speaking that statement does not tell us about any permit; assuming this rumour is valid then the pilot who flew there could have already obtained the permit! The system could even be Sol! MB did not give secrets away, we don’t even have a date for this supposed system entry!

As for location, well only five weeks after the game launched (16Dec2014) Erimus Kamzel reached what is now known as Beagle Point on the far side of the galaxy (source: https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Distant_Worlds). Lavecon was July 2015, so a fair distance must have been covered by the total playerbase by that time. So no, even if true this uncorroborated statement (I’m not doubting Ascorbius, I’m being pedantic over provable statements) tells us nothing about the possible location of Raxxla.

What Ascorbius said to me was:
“It was during a closed Q&A session - I'm trying to recall whether it was Lavecon or the later ECM in Reading. It was the last Q&A Michael Brookes was at.

I'm pretty sure it was Lavecon 2017 in the Q&A. There were a load of things announced there, Crime and Punishment and the early views of AX weapons as well as Search and Rescue.
I've also just checked Michael Brookes announced he was stepping away from Elite at Lavecon 2017 so it's pretty unlikely to be the ECM Reading.

The memory is hazy given that I've been to a few Lavecons and ECMs and recollections after the fact are unreliable but I'm pretty sure it was Lavecon 2017.

But I absolutely was there when he said it, it's sad there's no footage with it being a closed Q&A, but there were a lot of people in the room.

I didn't go to Lavecon 2016 or 2015 so it's definitely not that those.”

Now 2017 is another two years, so the extent of the explored galaxy had expanded significantly by then....So, the only thing this statement (if true) tells us is that Raxxla is not necessarily obvious. It could be beyond range of a basic scanner, out to the deepest reaches of a system, or hidden and will only reveal itself when honked by someone close by, or some other unknown trigger (possibly even you have to be Elite and a member of TDW ).
Last edited: Feb 15, 2021
Reactions:
Rochester and simulacrae