CMDR Davanix
Feb 16, 2021
#21,143
Jorki Rasalas said:
Well it was Ascorbius I pm’d over this, in August 2020, but I was operating Chatham House rule!

Strictly speaking that statement does not tell us about any permit; assuming this rumour is valid then the pilot who flew there could have already obtained the permit! The system could even be Sol! MB did not give secrets away, we don’t even have a date for this supposed system entry!

As for location, well only five weeks after the game launched (16Dec2014) Erimus Kamzel reached what is now known as Beagle Point on the far side of the galaxy (source: https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Distant_Worlds). Lavecon was July 2015, so a fair distance must have been covered by the total playerbase by that time. So no, even if true this uncorroborated statement (I’m not doubting Ascorbius, I’m being pedantic over provable statements) tells us nothing about the possible location of Raxxla.

What Ascorbius said to me was:
“It was during a closed Q&A session - I'm trying to recall whether it was Lavecon or the later ECM in Reading. It was the last Q&A Michael Brookes was at.

I'm pretty sure it was Lavecon 2017 in the Q&A. There were a load of things announced there, Crime and Punishment and the early views of AX weapons as well as Search and Rescue.
I've also just checked Michael Brookes announced he was stepping away from Elite at Lavecon 2017 so it's pretty unlikely to be the ECM Reading.

The memory is hazy given that I've been to a few Lavecons and ECMs and recollections after the fact are unreliable but I'm pretty sure it was Lavecon 2017.

But I absolutely was there when he said it, it's sad there's no footage with it being a closed Q&A, but there were a lot of people in the room.

I didn't go to Lavecon 2016 or 2015 so it's definitely not that those.”

Now 2017 is another two years, so the extent of the explored galaxy had expanded significantly by then....So, the thing this statement (if true) tells us is that Raxxla is not necessarily obvious. It could be beyond range of a basic scanner, out to the deepest reaches of a system, or hidden and will only reveal itself when honked by someone close by, or some other unknown trigger (possibly even you have to be Elite and a member of TDW ).
Click to expand...

Hmmm I wonder, a good ton of exploration (apart from beagle point and sag A) was mostly out towards formadine rift in search for the zahura and orion, region due to thargoid and probes etc, yes alot of space was being explored also during this time but the sheer numbers out in these directions would make more of a percentage of "being explored" systems than towards the other regions, edsm etc may give some insite to traffic reports of those using the plug in... Though this would be finding a mm length of a needle in a very large farm of haystacks still :-(