Rochester
Apr 29, 2023
#30,202
KrabMister said:
Hello,
after 1 year of wandering between a lot of conjecture, hypotesis and through the black,
I find myself again thinking about RAXXLA.
I'm not a veteran player as I found out about the game about 2 or 3 years ago and as I have not much time to spend exploring the universe unfortunately. The day I found out about RAXXLA I was pretty interested and curious so I started doing some research and I "spiralled down" this immense puzzle.
Anyway, I was going through the forum trying to find some information about the "child story" Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars and
the only thing I succeded to find was about the sonnet by philip sydney "Astrophil and Stella" (here the sonnets).




I do not expect to solve the mystery because obviouvsly everything I can think it already have been thought before but nonetheless, without knowing, sometimes I find myself trying to keep the pace with what has been found out until now. Some day we will know for sure what is all about.
The only thing that makes me laugh a little but curious nonetheless is that this mystery has gone for so long that whatever it is, it will not be up to expectation (I hope I'm wrong and maybe I am beacuse FD has already satisfied a lot for me).

Sorry for the long message,
Hope to find what I'm looking for

KM
Click to expand...
O7 and welcome to the asylum!

Your theories are good as any, we’d like to hear them

This is a huge thread with a great deal of tin-foil so it is difficult to navigate. Maybe It might be worth adding some new sub sections to page 1 of this thread, but where to start!

Below are my hypotheses.

Astrophel -
Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10106967

Children’s Story -
Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10071125

Children’s Story -
Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9376376

Children’s Story -
Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10118559
Last edited: Apr 29, 2023
Reactions:
Shadowsnog, KrabMister, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person