KrabMister
K
Apr 29, 2023
#30,209
Rochester said:
O7 and welcome to the asylum!

Your theories are good as any, we’d like to hear them

This is a huge thread with a great deal of tin-foil so it is difficult to navigate. Maybe It might be worth adding some new sub sections to page 1 of this thread, but where to start!

Below are my hypotheses.

Astrophel -
Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'


Children’s Story -
Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'


Children’s Story -
Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'


Children’s Story -
Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
Click to expand...
O7 and thank you!
My point is:
isn't it strange that they said that there would be no hints although they gave us a lot to talk about?
I mean there are clearly some "hints" which points in the direction of telling us it is out there. Maybe the "no hint" thing it's a hint itself!
Maybe we should focus only on what we have in the game!
And probably this has already been said but I would like to confront my thoughts just to be sure!
Another thing I'm trying to analyze is the toast :
"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies.
To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void
The parent's grief, the lover's woe
And the yearning of our Vagabond Hearts."
This is a pretty big hint if you ask me!
I've already read all sorts of hypotesis about this but maybe we didn't look hard enough.
For me the most plausible thing is the theory involving Cassiopea... and the parent's grief, the lover woe I think may be something related to the distance between certain systems... what is the parent's grief? being far away from his son/s or daughter/s and what is the lovers' woe? being far away from each other... I don't really know!
As I said, I think we should go maybe a little back (not meaning that noone should not pursue their own theory of course) because for me the "no hint" thing it just does not make sense.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Dox Paradox and Rochester