Rochester
Apr 29, 2023
#30,210
KrabMister said:
O7 and thank you!
My point is:
isn't it strange that they said that there would be no hints although they gave us a lot to talk about?
I mean there are clearly some "hints" which points in the direction of telling us it is out there. Maybe the "no hint" thing it's a hint itself!
Maybe we should focus only on what we have in the game!
And probably this has already been said but I would like to confront my thoughts just to be sure!
Another thing I'm trying to analyze is the toast :
"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies.



This is a pretty big hint if you ask me!
I've already read all sorts of hypotesis about this but maybe we didn't look hard enough.
For me the most plausible thing is the theory involving Cassiopea... and the parent's grief, the lover woe I think may be something related to the distance between certain systems... what is the parent's grief? being far away from his son/s or daughter/s and what is the lovers' woe? being far away from each other... I don't really know!
As I said, I think we should go maybe a little back (not meaning that noone should not pursue their own theory of course) because for me the "no hint" thing it just does not make sense.
Click to expand...
Personally I feel the ‘there will be no clues’ is too old and is representative of a period prior to the Codex, and it likely reflects content no longer in game.

Brookes also stated they have to make it a little obvious. I believe he was discussing the old DW missions, so in my opinion there was no need of clues, because we had a very obvious one in game. Sadly it went nowhere.

Then we had a long period of time before the Codex was introduced. A totally new set of information.

These clues don’t contradict the ‘no clues’ statement in my opinion because the two relate to two separate elements, one historical and since removed, the other potentially brand new.

I totally agree we need to reassess the Codex text, with fresh perspective. My own personal hypothesis is this text is metaphorical, and describes a literal journey to the very real underworld realm in game.

Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10077295

The mythical lost lands held within the Underworld
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10101133
Last edited: Apr 29, 2023
Reactions:
KrabMister, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Dox Paradox