CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 13, 2023
#28,895
Rochester said:
This has always perplexed me as well.

He’s a ship board mechanic, based out of Tau Ceti, in the year 2296.

That means an ‘engineer’; on a mobile ship; travelling originally away from Tau Ceti / maybe returning; he knew of Raxxla circa 2296… why not 2297 or 2290 or 2280?

He mentions it in 2296.

The furthest known system settled (let alone) documented as discovered is Achenar dated 2292.

Arcturus was 2304 (much too late IMOP).

Achenar is an interesting location, if you consider it in relation to the John Milton Yggdrasil Conundrum, in so much that it’s technically the most southernmost point and not far from Pandemonium.

There’s a lot of Yggdrasil systems in this ‘hypothetical’ underworld. Also when the first discovered systems are plotted there is a partial path which almost aligns with the hypothetical Milton Celestial pole.



Not least very close to where Jaques originated before travelling off into disappearance…

Now my GIS head tells me, initially the inclusion of Tau Ceti and a date potential identifies a sphere of influence, around Sol or Tau Ceti as far as Achenar (which is SURPRISINGLY similar to a sphere of influence drawn around Sol to Pandemonium…. coincidence!

Or does it simply mean he travels as far as Achenar, eg it’s somewhere around Achenar aka near the hypothetical Milton Celestial South Pole; AKA the Yggdrasil southern hemisphere.

Thread 'The John Milton conundrum'
Click to expand...
Do we know of any pirate related stuff on that path (yes fully aware in the modern era of Elite Dangerous you can barely hop planets without criminal miscreants)? Tornvquist story also involves a pirate cache of some sort.

Cora comes home soused and raving with wild stories, a new one every night. She claims she's found a map to some pirate stash, and all I have to do is loan her my ship so we can go dig it up. Maybe we should go find Raxxla while we're at it!
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and Rochester