Rochester
Jan 13, 2023
#28,894
yelboc said:
A small side-note, re-reading my own material - I realised I had misread the detail in the codex concerning our friend Mr Thorn-branch.

In the codex he is described as a Shipbased mechanic based in Tau Ceti. I read this as he was always in that system, but you can expect him to have worked in systems around there (gven the date, not too far away..).

Just a small clarification
This has always perplexed me as well.

He’s a ship board mechanic, based out of Tau Ceti, in the year 2296.

That means an ‘engineer’; on a mobile ship; travelling originally away from Tau Ceti / maybe returning; he knew of Raxxla circa 2296… why not 2292 or 2297 or 2298?

He mentions it in 2296 specifically. The same date of the mysterious death of Marlin Duval on Achenar.

The furthest known system settled (let alone) documented as discovered is Achenar dated 2292.

Arcturus was 2304 (much too late IMOP).

Achenar is an interesting location, if you consider it in relation to the John Milton Yggdrasil Conundrum, in so much that it’s technically the most southernmost point and not far from Pandemonium.

There’s a lot of Yggdrasil systems in this ‘hypothetical’ underworld. Also when the first discovered systems are plotted there is a partial path which almost aligns with the hypothetical Milton Celestial pole.



Not least very close to where Jaques originated before travelling…

Now my GIS head tells me, initially the inclusion of Tau Ceti and a date potential identifies a sphere of influence, around Sol or Tau Ceti as far as Achenar (which is SURPRISINGLY similar to a sphere of influence drawn around Sol to Pandemonium…. coincidence!

Or does it simply mean he travels as far as Achenar, eg it’s somewhere around Achenar aka near the hypothetical Milton Celestial South Pole; AKA the Yggdrasil southern hemisphere.

Again Ive got my Milton mind-set on… if it’s not in heaven then it might be in hell…that is where Lucifers journey began once he fell.

‘Better to reign in hell than serve in heav'n’ John Milton.

Thread 'The John Milton conundrum'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-john-milton-conundrum.607684/
Last edited: Jan 14, 2023
Reactions:
Emperor, yelboc, John Stoutbeard and 1 other person