HunterwithGreenScales
Apr 2, 2019
#7,168
Edelgard von Rhein said:
So I checked the way the five Generation Ships (Pleione, Epimetheus, Thetis, Atlas and Phanes) are arranged in-game. The systems Cephei Sector NX-U b2-0 (Phanes), HR 2351 (Epimetheus) and Hez Ur (Pleione) form a very clean right angle. I attempted to extrapolate a rectangle and estimated a point near BD-05 4394. I checked every system within ~20 LY and some further afield but found no sign of a Generation Ship or any Dark Wheel-related clues. That said, the nearby Ekonir system has a description that is very suggestive of a Generation Ship-like vessel near the ice worlds of the secondary star but I flew out there and mapped all the landable planets and found no sign of anything unusual.
Generally, there are a cluster of Generation Ships within 80LY or so of Sol (Atlas and Thetis are in this group) and then there are a handful near the edge of the current Bubble. It makes me wonder how easily anything further afield might be missed but with all the mapping I've seen beyond the Bubble, they would have to be ~3.5+ KLY out to stand a good chance of not having been visited.
Since in the lore there are Generation Ships that predate Raxxla's original discovery, or at least the myth, I would not rule out the possibility of such a ship having either encountered it, or having additional information or myths related to it. Then again, there are so many possible wild-goose chases that I think the best thing to do is keep your eyes peeled during your travels and hope.
Click to expand...
The Thetis might be one worth keeping an eye on and scouring over again. Not just the system its found in, but particularly LHS 2206, the system that the mysterious "kill them all" whisper from space originated. "To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts". One might begin to think these could be referring to the gen ships?
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein