Thatchinho
Apr 1, 2019
#7,161
Scytale said:
About star class X (=exotic):
Nowadays scientists (Dr. Kip Thorne et all.) calculate that in order to make a safe/stable transitable wormhole, you'd need, among others, some kind of exotic matter.
MB told to Drew Wagar, antigravity (as well as Raxxla and Thargs) was off limits in the novels.
What tech do the Thargs use to travel throug hyperspace?
Would that turn out to be a link between exotic matter-antigravity-wormholes-Raxxla ?
Not sure how down everyone is with this stuff, so am just going to do a bit of de-mystification on the subject of exotic matter.

All known types of matter have a positive energy density. It all bends spacetime in the same direction. (If people have seen the demos with balls on a rubber sheet, then it’s ‘down’ in that analogy.) This is why gravity is always attractive, and cumulative.

However, in General Relativity there’s nothing to say that spacetime can’t bend in the other direction (what would be ‘up’ in the balls and rubber sheet analogy).

That bending of spacetime in the other direction is what’s needed for antigravity, wormholes and alcubierre warps drives.

The issue is that bending spacetime in that direction requires a negative energy density. And the big catch is that no known matter exists that has negative energy density.

This is thrown in with various other things under the label of ‘exotic matter’. It’s a bit of a misnomer really, as ‘exotic’ implies that it exists but is unusual, which is not really the case.

Anyhoo... there is a contextual point to this!

That type of exotic matter wouldn’t form stars.

Whereas normal matter bends spacetime in a way that results in attraction, exotic matter bends spacetime in a way that results in repulsion. A particle of that type of exotic matter would have a repulsive force on all other matter including other particles of the same type.

FD are usually pretty good with this kind of stuff, so we can probably write that off the list of candidates for what they might have as exotic stars.

Some possible candidates for exotic stars off the top of my head:

quark stars (or quark-gluon stars)
dark matter stars

They could even go for something as outlandish as an anti-matter star, but that’s not something which would be a natural occurrence and would need a very extreme level of technology and engineering to create and maintain (if it is indeed even theoretically possible).

Having said that, an AM star or body would actually be pretty interesting in terms of Raxxla. It would constitute a relic of a far far more advanced civilisation which is no longer generally active in the galaxy (at least not in a sense of how we interact with the galaxy). Which is a description which also fits various versions of Raxxla!
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas, Macros Black, Edelgard von Rhein and 1 other person