Six6VI
Apr 18, 2019
#7,540
Ughkoff said:
Yes, but there is nothing new yet. Perhaps after tomorrow's update, something new will appear.
One guy claims that there are two ways to stop Thargoids, one by force, the other is not known. In the near future I am going to experiment with the motherships, while I collect information. Plus a lot of bugs, and it is not clear whether the script worked or not. Maybe the guys would have discovered something, but for now ... nothing new

As for the Raxxla Logo, I don’t understand the meaning of these symbols. If the answer with the Dark Wheel is in the encyclopedia, but I don’t find any familiar features with Raxxla. It looks like the hexagon of Saturn, the old type of scout Thargoids (from the old Elite, refers to the tetrahedral form), it is green - the color of peace, a circle with a dot may denote the solar system and Sol (or the planet as the center of something). That's why I asked the guys, maybe something will remind them. Maybe advertising in space docks, maybe a movie, maybe have seen such forms somewhere else.
Click to expand...
Ah ok, I might have missed a nuance or two in what you were getting at :S

Hexagonal geometry is common in nature, bees are cleverer, or at least more observant than you might think. The 84 scouts, 'thargons' were pentagonal, the current scouts are octagonal, like the old mother ships and the current interceptors. Not sure about FE2/FFE? No thargoid I saw had six sides.

By all means throw in suggestions but don't be surprised if they've already been torn to pieces way back in the last 370+ pages of unadulterated tin foil hattery and vacuous insanity. Seemed obvious to me that "Mostly Harmless" was a nod to the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy or even Monty "Python".

It will be awesome if more data comes to hand on the Dark Wheel and Raxxla mysteries, especially if that is the aim of the new dev run CG mechanic but I'm not entirely sure they're ready to take that step right now and put closure on something that's keeping people occupied and logging in regularly.

Maybe when they do the next paid release we'll get to make significant progress?
Reactions:
Ughkoff