Jaiotu
Jun 30, 2018
#2,827
Graelock said:
Guys let's not forget David Braben's latest comment in the Beyond 3.1 QA session. It's kind of a big "what not to look for" clue, which affirmed some recent ideas I had on what to look for.

"Q: Does Raxxla exist?
There's an interesting one, what a silly question, of course. You don't know what it is though."


As I had mentioned in an earlier post. This isn't going to be an object that we see by Jumping, honking, and looking at the map. We're not necessarily looking for it as being a celestial object, but more like a hidden station...or probably more accurately a gateway to Raxxla. This can be hidden by a signla source, in an asteroid cluster (which nobody scans by the way).


So this means we're looking the wrong way. We need to start approaching this differently. With less than 1% of this game explored, at this rate, we can be at it several thousands of years and never find it (what it would take to fully explore the game). What we are going to be looking for is more of a puzzle. I think it ties into Sirius, personally. The Waypoint planet. The old way to access Raxxla used to involved flying around the Lave system, clockwise, twice and then jumping to Tionisia in no less than 7-9 jumps (back when jump ranges were very poor).

We need to find the gateway, or at least how to activate it and then maybe then we'll get some indication of a hidden system on a map.

I would still hold to Rafe Zetter's remark that Raxxla is a planet. I think that Mr. Braben's comment means that we don't know what it is that we are looking for that will tell us "here be Raxxla." It could be a station or some other POI that we have to find. I doubt that we'll jump into a system and find a planet labeled as "Raxxla". Chances are the system and the planet name will appear to be just another procedurally generated name. When I think of all the systems that I've passed through without so much as giving a discovery scan to the primary star ... someone may very well have visited Raxxla's home system without so much as a sideways glance at the system map. Even looking at the system map probably won't be enough. We'd probably have to not only get close enough to Raxxla for a detailed surface scan but also spend enough time near the planet for whatever POI is orbiting it to show up ... and then, I expect, we'll be challenged by the most difficult AI combat ships imaginable before we can claim the prize.