Hanerib
Jul 2, 2018
#2,839
MakahiGames said:
Has anyone ever tried ramming a SAP 8 core into a Thargoid structure?
I would believe so, however, I think it's always worth a try to do weird things like this. When I heard about the new generation ship having been found, the first thing I thought about was would it react to AI Relics. Turns out it didn't, but it was good science. Many people aim for credits and big ships with gimballed lazers in this game, and never figure out plenty of content in Elite : Dangerous.

Convoys carrying forbidden things is one of central themes in story of Elite : Dangerous. It's been happening for a long time. In Deciat, it happened again. I believe this time there was no coincidence, and thargoid interest is being manipulated. I've come to think similar attack in California nebula was averted, and Colonia will see some thargoids yet.

Another recurring theme is the Galaxy Shape. Galnet logo, Thargoid Interceptors, the thargoid starmap. When you go far enough you can see the Dark Wheel. It's a tiny bit obvious, galaxy simulation is perhaps the greatest asset of Elite : Dangerous. Somewhere in the Milky Way galaxy, or all of it. I still hold some belief there is something to find out in the void though, and have some theories on what it could be.

- in 2500's, or something like that, around the time when the word Raxxla appeared, and when Thargoids were first seen, somebody had been into one of those structures, and found out that the thargoid word for our galaxy is Raxxla. Interesting link between Soontill and Raxxla there too.
- Guardian constructed, planet sized relay connecting reality and witchspace, explaining their method of interstellar travel, meaning of the "monolith network", and of course, origin of thargoids. A huge Talmor Lens if you will. You see, they fundamentally changed something, and the evil slips in from another dimension when you do something weird like that, that makes a story.
- I'm still thinking one of those recent hoaxes. Imagine finding an "Anomalous signal source" somewhere very far away, and suddenly out of nowhere appears a ghostly planet in front of you. You couldn't scan it, but it would be obvious. It would have such dramatic effect on those who were looking.