Rochester
Sep 28, 2024
#34,970
Following on from my ‘mountains’ hypothesis, I’ve revisited this theory with a little more scrutiny, I acknowledge it initially was at best speculative.

In analysis it’s evident that these locations are named after three separate mountain ranges.

What I find interesting is how these are only a handful replicated in game? (To my current knowledge).

For instance there’s over 40 peaks in the Cumbrian range etc, so whoever placed these in game hand picked them. Again their relationship and overall relevance is an unknown.

But one assumption remains, if their placements are intentional, barring the absence of other such locations not yet identified, what do these specific locations have in common, if any?

Fell or hills by the way can be designated as mountains based upon their height but I’m not going to get into semantics as them being hills or mountains I don’t think is relevant.

Azrael - Noshaq - Hindu mountain
Wakea - Meru - Hindu mountain attributed to centre of universe
Elysia - Kailas - mountain abode of Lord Shiva.
Bohmshohm - Kaliash - Hindu mountain.
Eurybia - Makalu - Linked to Hindu Shiva and means ‘giant’
LTT 606 - Moel Lefn - Welsh mountain, part of the Hebog ridge.
Cocijo - Moel Hebog - Welsh ridge.
Tarach Tor - Moel Sych - Welsh ridge.
LTT 198 - Skiddaw - Lake District, old Norse for ‘archer's hill’.
CD-73 12 - Scafell - Lake District, old Norse for ‘fell with the shieling’.
CD-79 950 - Hellvellyn - Lake District
In the image below I’ve linked them together based upon the real world association, and line of sight.



Here if we compare the Hindu range with the in game Greek compass systems, part of them seemingly align!



When comparing it with the ‘Older Gods’ theory, the Welsh range seems sit just below and on the outer rim of those identified with ‘Storm gods’?



Then the Welsh range when compared with the first part of the Brooks Tours, seems to be in close proximity?



Then the focal point of the Hindu and Cumbrian ranges seem to be converged upon the ‘Lost Realms’, especially the area designated by the Cities of Gold and Tannhauser gate in game is situated in Aztlan?



Now in reverse, following that Hindu range upwards, it leads up to Fortuna!



Of note, this area is very close to the Thetis signal. If we were to consider the second signal to be narrative, one could presume it might have been inserted to grab our attention.

If we extrapolate a similar third signals location on its opposite side, said sphere of influence actually places Tyche upon its outer rim.

Something is certainly in this area, I suspect!

Last edited: Oct 5, 2024
Reactions:
selbie