Rochester
Sep 29, 2024
#34,976
Rochester said:
The Thorn is the way

The following is an extrapolation of my previous hypothesis, but including other elements not previously alluded to.

As within the previous hypothesis there are other systems which Michael Brookes based his Drabbles upon, these all seem in my opinion to be within the same hemisphere of influence and I suspect are some type of locational marker.

One such example is Amun.

Amun is very close to the Gilgamesh system of and Thetis incident. In the story of Gilgamesh the goddess Inanna plots to kill him with the bull of heaven, her equivalent in relation to Amun is .

Ishtar is very close to the system .

Now in previous writings I’ve discussed the Robert Holdstock story . This was of interest to me because he utilised Norse runes to identify a mystical secret, this theme being very similar to his , and generally that of Celtic concepts of the , especially how Thorn bushes can be identifiers as boundaries or doorways to this realm. In his book this textual secret was encircled by the written runic letter for

In game there is an odd alignment with certain Rune names in the Lost Realm zone to the system .

In the Anglo Saxxon the rune of thorn is Thurisaz, the Th sound in the word was originally spelt with a 'þ' character which later evolved relatively lately into t-h; such as in Thurs, some attribute this to early typesetting processes.

This use of an actual ‘P’ and not a ‘Th’ could be described in game as a (pun intendedan intentional mispronunciation?

So the shibboleth for Thurisaz is not þurisaz but could be said to be to those that know how to pronounce it, it ought to be , everyone not in the know would pronounce it Purisaz

Or of course such a spelling could be unintentional, it’s equally plausible the typesetting in game is due to gleaning the word from a modern context, we’ll never know for certain.

I now suspect given this unusual alignment with Purisaz and the Norse Norns as well as the Greek fates, not just Shamash that it potentially marks the way to a location for Raxxla, that ties in with the Miltonian model as well. That being that the Norse Norns denote the upper boundary of the Empyrean, and Raxxla is the Pendant world and is someplace in this region.

In addition, in relation to Holdstocks Ragthorn it’s likely that other systems exist which likewise may have been misspelled?

In Ragthorn Holdstock says the mystical secret was surrounded on all four sides by the Rune for thorn, likewise a temple was constructed with four alters, three of which were linked to a triad god.

Is Purisaz the fourth or (sixth) point in a method to triangulate Raxxla, or is it just a way marker, telling us we’re on the correct path?

Click to expand...

Tin-foil thinking again on thorns and of Thurisaz. In concepts of access to or the boundaries to the Otherworld, thorn bushes were a key.

In Dante’s Devine Comedy, a book MB had read and wrote Drabbles about; when entering Purgatorio, Dante has ‘seven’ P’s carved into his forehead, representing the various sins which must be absolved to allow him to ascend the mountain.

‘In the Anglo Saxxon the rune of thorn is Thurisaz, the Th sound in the word was originally spelt with a 'þ' character which later evolved relatively lately into t-h; such as in Thurs, some attribute this to early typesetting processes.’

It just struck me as odd, and I am a little suspicious of the overuse of the term ‘several’ in the Codex… again I’m looking for some contextual link for spiralling stars, I dong believe this is astronomical nor literal, rather I suspect it’s a literary allusion.
Last edited: Sep 29, 2024