selbie
Sep 30, 2024
#34,979
Rochester said:
This seems a little contrived, considering anyone might just stumble over the location, which is where I speculate having some Trinkets might be a mechanism to allow us to see something; yet there are no descriptive references to Fortuna in the codex I can directly make out, except in her physical proximity to my hypothetical mountain theory.
This is kind of why I view TDW codex and Raxxla together - or at least linked, aside from the literal statement "connection with the equally unsubstantiated Raxxla".
If the idea of the dark wheel is of something invisible to everyday people then one could associate the name with an invisible 'force of nature' such as Fortuna - and by extension, the Rota Fortunae symbolism.

Felicity's quote at the start could also be interpreted through that lens:
Oh, they're out there alright. I've never met them, but I know they're out there.....
.....Whenever someone tries to usurp the Dark Wheel name, sooner or later they get quietly shut down. And that's how I know
It sort of hints at the idea of Fate being inevitable and out of the control of mortals.

Lyta Crane's account could also be a method to describe this mythological parallel - defining the 'wheel' as a station spinning (rota), and 'dark' being it's invisibility to common travellers (the unknowable fate - Fortuna is often represented as veiled and blind).

Fortuna also carries the gubernaculum - ship's rudder, the ball / wheel - fortune, and cornucopia - horn of plenty.
TDW silently 'governs' via Pilot's Fed & ships - gubernaculum later evolved the word government, ball /wheel = station but also 8th moon location, cornucopia = possession /control of unknowable wealth.

The underworld connection may be through their station, as it would supposedly contain "evidence" of their knowledge of Raxxla, and so it makes sense that we would need to pass through this milestone to then ascend to the brow - the subject of the toast.
Reactions:
Rochester