Rochester
Sep 30, 2024
#34,980
selbie said:
This is kind of why I view TDW codex and Raxxla together - or at least linked, aside from the literal statement "connection with the equally unsubstantiated Raxxla".
If the idea of the dark wheel is of something invisible to everyday people then one could associate the name with an invisible 'force of nature' such as Fortuna - and by extension, the Rota Fortunae symbolism.

Felicity's quote at the start could also be interpreted through that lens:

It sort of hints at the idea of Fate being inevitable and out of the control of mortals.

Lyta Crane's account could also be a method to describe this mythological parallel - defining the 'wheel' as a station spinning (rota), and 'dark' being it's invisibility to common travellers (the unknowable fate - Fortuna is often represented as veiled and blind).

Fortuna also carries the gubernaculum - ship's rudder, the ball / wheel - fortune, and cornucopia - horn of plenty.
TDW silently 'governs' via Pilot's Fed & ships - gubernaculum later evolved the word government, ball /wheel = station but also 8th moon location, cornucopia = possession /control of unknowable wealth.

The underworld connection may be through their station, as it would supposedly contain "evidence" of their knowledge of Raxxla, and so it makes sense that we would need to pass through this milestone to then ascend to the brow - the subject of the toast.
Click to expand...

Yes excellent O7

The Trinkets are linked to the older removed missions, and as FD put it “that story” so there is a physical link, but we will never know if it directly was to Raxxla or something else, but considering everything, I’ve long held they probably were.

My recent locational mapping would indicate a strong association.

Also I feel the DW station is in game, and it has some ‘basic’ tool towards understanding where Raxxla is.

Logically ‘something’ ought to be in the Lost Realm zone, unless it’s a directional clue, but I suspect we’ve been given only part of the puzzle. Again what’s stopping anyone from falling over Raxxla, that’s a key issue to the puzzle, it negates the point of the codex, unless it’s ‘hidden’.

A place that isn’t a place = a liminal zone

A door that is a key… Trinkets?

I agree the DW station is in my opinion probably someplace close in the Lost Realms zone. The description of its location is uncommonly similar to the origin point of Jacques in this area… and the dates are a good temporal indication too, that cannot be just coincidence?

Other than that I suspect we are being told to look for a certain path upwards. If the DW exists then that would provide a good mechanism.

For that to work I speculate it’s effectively - like the ‘missing’ a dead hulk with audio recordings, but that’s a personal favourite imagining of mine, totally speculative.

Maybe it has a copy of Julia Cavus childrens story?

Or thinking about those older missions, maybe they had no intentional conclusion. Maybe the ‘map’ they referenced was not an actual map, maybe they were supposed to have pushed us around the bubble and find things, maybe the Garden design and then obtain a spacial awareness of the map written large on the bubble?

The puzzle would never end, but only those with eyes to see would understand that Miltonian map?!

MB confirmed the missions spawned in the wrong locations. We know certain mission and Founders elements clashed during this time. Maybe-maybe the error was they simply spawned wrong and were sending Cmdrs randomly obfuscating the original intent?

Pure tin-foil.
Last edited: Sep 30, 2024
Reactions:
Macros Black