Rochester
Sep 29, 2024
#34,978
SergMx said:
Could these caves be worm holes from the world of astronomy ?

P.S. At one time, I even thought that what we will be told on November 30 about the new feature will be just the ability to interact with moleholes.

I suspect they might?

I’ve suspected that the Codex could be alluding to journeying into the Underworld, from there to find a location which takes us, elsewhere?

This is a concept similar in the narrative from Milton’s Paradise Lost and Dante’s Divine Comedy.

I’m wondering if the reference in the codex about a child’s story is towards MB Legacy, and the detailed reference there-in of ‘Beaumont’ far below Achenar..

I’m reminded of Luciana Nedelea confirmation that in her artwork for MB book, the demon in the lower right hand corner was a Bogomil concept of creation, where Lucifer created his own perverted version of heaven.

In Paradise Lost this is a similar concept, wherein Satan turns Hell into a perverse heaven, before the creation if Eden, and in his book M Brookes, alludes that there was a universe before our own. I do wonder then if the proliferation of ‘Lost Realms’ systems in game, situated around the Miltonian Pandemonium, are a representation of this concept, of alternative Edens?

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10345698

Tannhauser gate in game is situated in Aztlan, the mythical ancestral homeland of the Aztecs, also in this Underworld zone in game, close by in game are the cities of gold. Of course Tannhausers gate was a literal gate into a mountain (aka cave) and Azltan may have been the location of Chicomoztoc; the Place of the Seven Caves!

Likewise Chicomoztoc is also in game and relatively very close to Azltan!

I’m confused as the contexts between Milton and Dante are diametrically different to classical and pre-Christian concepts, yet in game as a whole they make sense, from a Miltonian perspective, eg the other Edens are all Otherworlds, proto-pre Christian concepts of non punitive underworlds and likewise earthly paradises or Edens, but travelling to Eden in the Divine Comedy was earthbound, granted abstract, first a wood then through hell and out from the other side of the planet to a mountain on an island; wherein in Paradise Lost it was not by earthly terrain but extra-dimensional travel through a cosmological outside our cosmology.

And in game I believe that part of that Miltonian cosmological journey is reflected, certainly in the early path of Jacques and the positioning of systems of the bubble.

In game the area for the underworld does not follow the shape of the bubble, which is not spherical but tiered. The area of the underworld I believe actually does follow the Miltonian concept and is much wider as there is a clear division in a traditional sense of an upper and lower hemisphere.

In game you can see this as there is a slightly more condensed concentration of stars around these layers although this is probably a coincidence of Stella forge?

The area of the Lost Realms I suspect is more akin to the Celtic ‘outherwold’ because of its location on the outskirts of this underworld. Indeed this marries with my Yggdrasil theory, as in that there are systems which identify that area as not ‘hell proper’ but being on the outer realm of the tree.

If we follow the in game Greek compass this is technically to the East. Likewise far below said Lost Realms, is a system called Michel (French for Michael) and Sopedu - (Guardian of the East), which is in alignment with the Brookes Tours; in Paradise Lost Michael cast out Adam and Eve at the Eastern Gates of Paradise?

Overall I suspect the codex is pushing us towards the underworld to find the Lost Realms and something there, but ultimately I suspect whatever that is, it’s true goal is to direct us upwards to the brow of heaven where the true Eden exists. I hold this to be around an area close to the Thetis signal!

One such speculation is that Brookes use of Beaumont is a reference to Dante’s mountain ‘created by Satans fall’.

In Milton’s Paradis Lost, academically Eden was on the Eastern area of the wall (brow) of the Empyrean, close to where Satan first fell.

In short I suspect the codex is illustrating waypoints which expose us to the concept of Brookes model. I am however unsure if we need to find something in the underworld or simply orientate ourselves, so as to then travel upwards to the objective.

This seems a little contrived, considering anyone might just stumble over the location, which is where I speculate having some Trinkets might be a mechanism to allow us to see something; yet there are no descriptive references to Fortuna in the codex I can directly make out, except in her physical proximity to my hypothetical mountain theory.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10440024
Last edited: Sep 30, 2024
Reactions:
SergMx