simulacrae
Sep 26, 2024
#34,966
Rochester said:
The concept of the mountain is key somehow.

There are those systems with bodies named mountains which encircle the bubble, sloping up to the upper hemisphere and below to the underworld. One side is named after Hindu locations, then a whole bunch on the other from Celtic mountain ranges.

The wider references are tied to mountains too.

Gilgamesh like other myths associated with Otherworlds, had to go the Cedar mountain, and through its forest.

Milton had his Eden on top a mountain topped with cedars on Earth (inside the spheres).

Dante had mount purgatory, with its spiralling path upwards to the top where again Eden resided.

We also have various lost realm worlds whose myths are linked to mountains or caves too, not least Tannhäuser Gate which is slap bang in the middle of this lost realms!

And of course Brookes various references to waiting his turn on the mountain.

Mountains are key somehow.
Click to expand...

There are some other thoughts ive been having about this - you mentioned earlier the watery naming.... I think these tie back to Holdstock and Huxley in the Zoology. I think this is something to look for -

One thing i think relating to this is the Naming of the Barnacles which is both a watery reference - and a bit of a mythical one relating to the Barnacle Goose. Something of a Phoenix - which ties into the idea of Ascension. Perhaps rising from the Cave?


Merope might be the middle - im not sure .... But i think the Thargoid Sensor and Link are Seraphs - the Link might be Seraphim. The Thargoid Probe are the Wheels. - Guarding the Tree of Life

The ancient tradition that the world will be consumed in fire at the end of six thousand years is true,
as I have heard from Hell.
For the cherub with his flaming sword is hereby commanded to leave his guard at [the] tree of life,
and when he does, the whole creation will be consumed and appear infinite and holy,
whereas it now appears finite and corrupt.
This will come to pass by an improvement of sensual enjoyment.



Dox Paradox said:
There's enough noise in the signal to see a lot of things if you zoom in.
What's almost certain is an escaping bird, with something in its beak (a prize?).
I'm not sure it is a mountain; it looks more like a cave entrance to me.

Ya I like to imagine it indicates a Cave in a valley partway down the Mountain.

- I didnt see the bird for a long time but it makes sense so ya willl have to write up what i think the dark wheel is.
Last edited: Sep 26, 2024