CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 3, 2023
#29,727
Dox Paradox said:
The epitome being the Raxxla/TDW hunt, probably!
Being a TDW / Raxxla seeker takes a wildly different mindset than most CMDRs possess. It also requires paying attention to small details that do not make sense with what you have been told especially in the larger context of history and the lore of that region of space. To say this skillset is rare, is a huge understatement. This is partly why I keep thinking about the introduction to "Elite: Out of Darkness":

---
PROLOGUE

‘As on ancient Earth, where muscle power yielded to sail, sail gave way to steam, and steam was replaced by oil, every age sees its technologies embraced as they mature; they become part of the culture, of everyday life, of humanity itself. Yet at each transition, something of the preceding age is lost even as a brave new future of possibility opens ahead.

Such a time was the early-to-mid 3270s, the last years of the old star drives. Travel between systems took days, weeks if the destination was far-flung. Becoming a pilot meant something—only a rare few could cope with the loneliness and had the resourcefulness to survive, fewer still to thrive. It was a time when to be addressed as ‘Commander’ made men and women feel like heroes.

But, as with all the ages of humankind before it, new discoveries and technologies brought this golden age to an end. In less than twenty-five years the latest star drives have opened new frontiers deeper in interstellar space. Now that inter-system travel takes mere seconds, humankind forges ahead, believing the riches of the universe are ripe for the picking. It is an exciting time to be alive.

Will there be new heroes? Can there be? I do not know. But I know this: if humanity is to face whatever is out there, in the darkness, we will have to find those who recall the old ways—who remember what it all meant—learn from them, and make piloting a ship mean something again.

’Excerpt from Generations in the Void, by Masayoshi Kishino; pub. 3300. Translation by Kieron Mastersson.
---
The really sad thing ... I was 3 when the first game dropped. This is my first game in the entire series. Yet, I am the example of the "old ways". Supposedly, I am one of the few which are supposed examples of what being a CMDR meant (being that my first Elite was in exploration). Do you know how depressing it is that so many of the older CMDRs lost their way? That a CMDR who is IRL an elder Millennial is the primary force to take the past seriously. We cannot find Raxxla without the rumors of its' existence being given some level of credibility.
Reactions:
R3aktor and Dox Paradox