Rochester
Apr 4, 2023
#29,733
Jorki Rasalas said:
Well, I have to disagree. I dont think logically it rules out in any way Raxxla as a body or object in this area. How can it....it cannot be named “Raxxla”, it might be named “Triton” for all we know...hidden in plain sight but the way to access it is not apparent. All the Hunt rules out is that it is not obviously within the searched area.

Actually, I still think we should be looking for the Omphalos Rift as the gateway to Raxxla, which is likely an instance which will only be downloaded from the FD server when we trigger the Rift.

Is the Rift hidden as a tunnel in a space structure? Is it hidden in plain sight as the hexagonal storm on Saturn (named “Omphalos” in a NYTimes readers’ competition)? Is it a Guardian beacon?....
Agree, my original post was aiming at this, just failed to clarify it, attempting not to pour too much water into their gravy… edited.

We don’t know what it is, or named, your correct, and it simply might not reveal itself so easily.

If we accept the speculation that the location was visited, but the asset not found; as alluded to via the unsubstantiated quote from Brookes, such a statement may only insinuate it might be found easily, simply by ‘discovery methods’… but that’s projection from the audiences point of view.

Considering that Brookes might have publicly refuted said statement, I am doubtful over such a perspective, it may also identify the hypothesis as counter-intelligence.

If true the reasoning for retraction, might identify that said statement was false, or made in error or just out of context; or the location was found in error, due to an absence of permit lock, or simply that the assets were not there at the time, or invisible due to some rank / mission requirements, or the assets were so ordinary, if you saw it you might just not realise what you’d found?

Ultimately, I do feel something is within the bubble, but also that FD changed something. I suspect in the past Raxxla was in the game but not accessible, due to some mission driven aspects, or narrative - but FD miscalculated their audience’s abilities.

I suspect after the EF/DW error FD rewrote this situation, opting for a simplified solution and just put it in game, and weaved the Codex around its landscape - originally built by Brookes.

The best way to hide something is within plain sight.

All the ‘clues’ from the Codex align with this theory in my opinion. But the potato hunt might simply just waltz right past it, it’s simply not thorough enough; the assets might not be so obvious, or they may lead us elsewhere outside the bubble…

I feel to some extent the disappearance of the Mars relic has something to do with it. The dates of its discovery align with those concerning the first discovered systems, and that of Tau Ceti and 2296.

I suspect there is an obvious path laid out by the first half of the Codex, and it’s to the Underworld, however from here I potentially identify 3 other locations through simple associations linked either to systems naming or dates of discovery: the first might be somewhere in this underworld / or below it; the second is along or following the path of Jaques as his journey starts and is aligned from this location; the third is that of Delphi, as it too is aligned with this location, but along a different trajectory.

*note image perspective below is looking-down to best show whole situation, the alignment isn’t obvious from this angle.


If any of this speculation is correct I’m still missing something to exclude these, or identify something else / the next step. My suspicions are the Codex still has something to teach us, and it lies within the later half of that text…

Or course this is just speculation.
Last edited: Apr 4, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian