CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 3, 2023
#29,730
Rochester said:
I spoke to FD Support via Devs some time ago (in this thread someplace), where FD essentially stated the trinkets were linked to the now removed DW missions and that ‘story’ and they were at most nothing more than a curiosity…

I took it to read they left them in because they were some form of narrative foreshadowing, which together with the missions would take us elsewhere… but this falls into high speculation, and at best I presume it was in part narrative, and a broken one at that… but then came the Codex… so I suspect FD just threw all that hard work aside and dumped Raxxla and the DW out there in the void, and rebuilt the mystery or just left the bones… to be uncovered…
Has anyone taken these Trinkets of Hidden Fortune and used them when doing missions for factions with "Fortune" as part of the name?

https://www.edsm.net/en/search/factions/index/name/+Fortune+

Seems to me one of main groups of Lave was the (LFO) Lave Fortune Organization.

Further, there is a system named Fortuna..

In-game description:
Trinkets of Hidden Fortune

This container appears to hold an assorted collection of low-value trinkets, knick-knacks and statuettes. Such trinkets are generally used by superstitious pilots to try and win favour with Lady Fortuna. However, these particular knick-knacks have a much more valuable prize hidden within.

Fortuna - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

A homing beacon to Raxxla? These are known to produce noises if in your cargo hold.

One other interesting tidbit from Wikipedia:
Fortuna's identity as personification of chance events was closely tied to virtus (strength of character). Public officials who lacked virtues invited ill-fortune on themselves and Rome: Sallust uses the infamous Catiline as illustration – "Truly, when in the place of work, idleness, in place of the spirit of measure and equity, caprice and pride invade, fortune is changed just as with morality".
Last edited: Apr 3, 2023
Reactions:
Dox Paradox