Ambushlizard30
Aug 13, 2019
#10,582
Not sure how many have seen this article?

The original Raxxla is a planet with a Coriolis station also named "Raxxla" in Galaxy 9, Andromeda.

Raxxla itself is a feudal world with reptile race with higher technology level than humans. Raxxlans were extremely hostile to every other race. War was what they loved and aimed for. Raxxla itself is not hard to find. Raxxlans will attack without hesitation giving out their location. The closer you get more aggressive they become. Anyone in their territory must be Elite or die. They will give the permit to enter their station after you have proven your skills in battles against them.

Raxxlans had a formed a trade partnership and military alliance with Dark Wheel in 3025. Dark Wheel had an agricultural settlement on the planet Soonji, which was named after Soontil. Only 100 Elite level commanders were allowed to have a residence on this planet due fact Raxxlans did not want large and permanent human settlements near their territory. Soonji was known as a paradise for retirement.

While the alliance was maintained 100 years the trading kept only a few Elites rich. It is known from history that all the snake ships and the first type of Coriolis stations are Raxxlan designed. The Raxxlans were proud reptiles and they named their ships after their feared relatives. This was to remind human beings to respect them while using them.

The trade and military union ended when Dark Wheel entered the forbidden Raxxlan territory with a generation ship. This broke the deal that was made between humans and reptiles. Raxxlans arranged clan wars to declare owners of the systems.

Ben Ryder wanted to get his own deals with Raxxlans and built his own gateway in 3125. This was the only known way to find Raxxla without deeper involvement with the Dark Wheel.

The only way to get to Raxxla was to use Ben Ryder's gateway which was located near Lave and Tionisla system. The only way to find the gateway was to visit Lave Station, ask for permission from Ben Ryder and fly around clockwise around Lave system to Tionisla. The trip had to be not less than 7 to 9 jumps before entering the secret system from Tionisla to the hidden system with the gateway.

The gateway itself was located near the last ringed planet where a battle took place against Allied Police force which was trying to get the ring to their use. The gateway has been lost since Dark Wheel hid it in 3126 due a war against Raxxlans.

Technically Raxxlans had a transport system to transfer the planet from system to other systems. The system looked like 5 large towers at both poles of the planet. Therefore it is extremely plausible that Raxxlan planet has been relocated and can be basically found anywhere. Therefore the current location of the planet is unknown.

Micro Bit Computer Magazine 1990.
Reactions:
PeteACarter, [PS4] Filthymick420 and Macros Black