Emperor
Dec 5, 2023
#32,345
So continuing on from the question on whether the Dark Wheel missions were all available for Founders/Elite players and so to all who access to Shin Dez from the start... (including the many more Beta backers by mistake! ) ...

I have read the missions on here countless times and with hindsight I think I've missed just how broken they were or more importantly perhaps the order they should have played out in? (page 1 for anyone who hasn't reviewed them before...LOL)

Anyone else noticed this?

Discrete Redistribution Agent Desired:
Elite Combat requirement in the title but you only have to be allied with the issuing faction, but this mission was against the DW... So not a DW mission (Don't think I would have done this one at the time as it was against the DW! ) but it was still broken with the commodity name.... oh and there's that Elite combat rating you don't need! (but not "Founders".... or those pesky Beta Backers who snuck in!)...

...If the missions weren't all broken would this explain DB's comments on wondering why you hadn't been invited? Don't mess with the DW...

It also points out that the Dark Wheel are traders.. with a deafening silence from their leaders.... doesn't quite match up with the later Codex and not knowing whether they really exist and being secretive... Seems like the Codex might have been an after thought to explain why they are in Shin Dez....LOL


What Was Lost Will Soon Be Found:
Firstly.... band of intrepid explorers, adventurers and well...thieves... "LTT 16456 Resistance" doesn't sound that famous... I do wonder if it should have been restricted to erm... the DW faction...lol

Secondly you need to be "FOUNDER OR ELITE" in Exploration (not sure what a Founder Exploration rank is... and don't forget those pesky Beta Backers who snuck in!)


Dark Wheel Seeks Diplomats For Discreet Delivery:
They may praise you for being the fastest pilot for light years and choking pirates with your fumes....lol but the requirement is "FOUNDER OR ELITE" in Trading (not sure what a Founder Trading rank is... and don't forget those pesky Beta Backers who snuck in!)


The Silent Song Of The Spheres:
Whilst the title says Elite Traders...No Rank Requirement and Founders not mentioned... So just broken?


Obfuscated In The Outer Rim (Answering The Call Of Adventure)
Not listed as for Founders.... but it does state you need to be Elite in Exploration Rank.... Which makes sense for the blurb...

So my thoughts...
These should have been available in Shin Rez and from the DW only.....
What Was Lost Will Soon Be Found - Elite Exploration/Founder
Dark Wheel Seeks Diplomats For Discreet Delivery - Elite Trader/Founder
The Silent Song Of The Spheres - Elite Trader..... and probably Founder was intended

The final test (Elite and no Founders....) would have been....
Obfuscated In The Outer Rim (Answering The Call Of Adventure)



Now the bit that bugs me and I wonder what it could possibly be..... What would be "Obfuscated In The Outer Rim".... seems to be the only mission mentioning a place which has no relation to the mission and a call to do something in terms of an adventure (little bit obvious?)

I presume we're talking about the outer rim of the Orion arm....

Just a few thoughts...
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Macros Black, Edelgard von Rhein and 3 others