Emperor
Dec 4, 2023
#32,344
Edelgard von Rhein said:
They were all visible on the mission boards at the time but back then accepting missions was gated by rank, so you could only accept them if you qualified.
Therefore, all the Founders (those who had backed the Kickstarter to a certain level) could have taken all three at once from day one.

The first triple Elite-ranked player got a special award (and some prize money!) for achieving it and it took him 3 months (this was starting from launch, not the gamma build).

So far as I saw, the missions all showed up randomly. It may (not 100% sure here but fairly sure) have been possible to have two or more of the same type of mission taken from the same place at once, though as the destinations were seemingly random as well, they would (very likely) be to different places.
I'm not sure if anyone ever had all three active at once - triple Elite players were few and far between in the first year of the game, when even single Elite players were rare. Due to their RNG nature, I would think that having completed all three might be enough to trigger something. Who knows what that would have been, though?
(TL;DR no order required)

(re: the stock Sidey - without doing anything, the Sidey you started with was very limited in jump range and could scarcely go the 20LY needed to get exploration data to sell. I don't remember him ever being asked the question, however.)
Click to expand...
Thanks! I thought they were all available and I am sure I did some at the time as I was fond of being aligned with the Dark Wheel at the time but got busy grinding Elite combat rating and missed their significance (founders was the intended access but they gave access to beta backers like myself by mistake and never took it away)... I think far too many cmdrs also liked the Dark Wheel faction which led to the PF losing control of Shin Dez until they "fixed" it so PF are always in control... ;-)

"The first triple Elite-ranked player got a special award (and some prize money!) for achieving it and it took him 3 months (this was starting from launch, not the gamma build)." CMDR 1 Percent if I remember correctly...

Yup... just it was CMDR OnePercent....
Elite: Dangerous' first Triple Elite player just won £10,000
Elite: Dangerous developer Frontier just awarded £10,000 to the first player to reach Triple Elite status.Back in Decem…
www.eurogamer.net
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, SergMx and GJ51