Rochester
Dec 5, 2023
#32,347
Emperor said:
So continuing on from the question on whether the Dark Wheel missions were all available for Founders/Elite players and so to all who access to Shin Dez from the start... (including the many more Beta backers by mistake! ) ...

I have read the missions on here countless times and with hindsight I think I've missed just how broken they were or more importantly perhaps the order they should have played out in? (page 1 for anyone who hasn't reviewed them before...LOL)

Anyone else noticed this?


Elite Combat requirement in the title but you only have to be allied with the issuing faction, but this mission was against the DW... So not a DW mission (Don't think I would have done this one at the time as it was against the DW! ) but it was still broken with the commodity name.... oh and there's that Elite combat rating you don't need! (but not "Founders".... or those pesky Beta Backers who snuck in!)...

...If the missions weren't all broken would this explain DB's comments on wondering why you hadn't been invited? Don't mess with the DW...

It also points out that the Dark Wheel are traders.. with a deafening silence from their leaders.... doesn't quite match up with the later Codex and not knowing whether they really exist and being secretive... Seems like the Codex might have been an after thought to explain why they are in Shin Dez....LOL



Firstly.... band of intrepid explorers, adventurers and well...thieves... "LTT 16456 Resistance" doesn't sound that famous... I do wonder if it should have been restricted to erm... the DW faction...lol

Secondly you need to be "FOUNDER OR ELITE" in Exploration (not sure what a Founder Exploration rank is... and don't forget those pesky Beta Backers who snuck in!)



They may praise you for being the fastest pilot for light years and choking pirates with your fumes....lol but the requirement is "FOUNDER OR ELITE" in Trading (not sure what a Founder Trading rank is... and don't forget those pesky Beta Backers who snuck in!)



Whilst the title says Elite Traders...No Rank Requirement and Founders not mentioned... So just broken?



Not listed as for Founders.... but it does state you need to be Elite in Exploration Rank.... Which makes sense for the blurb...


These should have been available in Shin Rez and from the DW only.....

The final test (Elite and no Founders....) would have been....



Now the bit that bugs me and I wonder what it could possibly be..... What would be "Obfuscated In The Outer Rim".... seems to be the only mission mentioning a place which has no relation to the mission and a call to do something in terms of an adventure (little bit obvious?)

I presume we're talking about the outer rim of the Orion arm....

Just a few thoughts...
Click to expand...
All we know for certain is they were removed. Why is speculative. Much of this has already been resolved on page one of this thread.

Personally; I believe the missions were bugged, either in that they clashed with another missions update, limiting their access or actions. Or they were really bugged from the start, and simply spawned randomly, rendering any follow on actions inert. Or the missions were linked to a larger narrative, but due to internal reasons got nerfed (FD standard practice). Or a mixture of all.

I certainly believe the Codex was written ‘after the fact’ as a fix.

Considering what I’ve established through the Lost Realms, I believe that zone represented the ‘outer rim’ and this call to adventure (a standard narrative device to introduce someone to the heroes journey) was to discover a map to the ‘Otherworld’, I suspect the player would have been sent around the bubble to various factions, and this inevitably ought to have identified some grander scheme culminating in this ‘otherworld’.

I suspect the Codex now acts as an abstract shorthand of this mission system and simply identifies the locations.

I am currently compiling certain information that I suspect identifies this architecture.

In regards to the missions I believe that their locational spawning was bugged, or their proliferation obfuscated their design or destination.

Considering the communication blackout at that time I do feel this was evidence of how much of a major error on FDs part this was, and likely unbalanced an original narrative path; its conjecture, but I feel an executive decision was ultimately made to drop them simply due to fiscal and resource reasons…

I do agree with Emperor, that some of these missions identified were ultimately confused, or conflicted, probably because they were ultimately released out of sequence. But we will never really know.
Last edited: Dec 5, 2023
Reactions:
selbie, alexzk, Edelgard von Rhein and 1 other person