selbie
Dec 6, 2023
#32,350
Rochester said:
All we know for certain is they were removed. Why is speculative. Much of this has already been resolved on page one of this thread.

Personally; I believe the missions were bugged, either in that they clashed with another missions update, limiting their access or actions. Or they were really bugged from the start, and simply spawned randomly, rendering any follow on actions inert. Or the missions were linked to a larger narrative, but due to internal reasons got nerfed (FD standard practice). Or a mixture of all.

I certainly believe the Codex was written ‘after the fact’ as a fix.

Considering what I’ve established through the Lost Realms, I believe that zone represented the ‘outer rim’ and this call to adventure (a standard narrative device to introduce someone to the heroes journey) was to discover a map to the ‘Otherworld’, I suspect the player would have been sent around the bubble to various factions, and this inevitably ought to have identified some grander scheme culminating in this ‘otherworld’.

I suspect the Codex now acts as an abstract shorthand of this mission system and simply identifies the locations.

I am currently compiling certain information that I suspect identifies this architecture.

In regards to the missions I believe that their locational spawning was bugged, or their proliferation obfuscated their design or destination.

Considering the communication blackout at that time I do feel this was evidence of how much of a major error on FDs part this was, and likely unbalanced an original narrative path; its conjecture, but I feel an executive decision was ultimately made to drop them simply due to fiscal and resource reasons…

I do agree with Emperor, that some of these missions identified were ultimately confused, or conflicted, probably because they were ultimately released out of sequence. But we will never really know.
Click to expand...
I do get that impression as well. The codex basically nullified any false leads to the 'copycat' DW factions or related missions. The lost worlds - outer rim connection is intriguing though.
Until someone actually finds the Dark Wheel station, we don't actually know for certain if THEY know where Raxxla is. Perhaps they also lost it, or never found it in the first place - only possessing major clues to its location, and due to their secrecy nobody would find out until a player gains access. If one holds a major clue to a galaxy-changing power, you would naturally guard it with the same level of ruthlessness as having control of Raxxla itself.

Maybe TDW were snuffed out by something powerful like the Guardian Construct and all that remains is their undetected station husk holding the important clues.
Last edited: Dec 6, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Adel and Louis Calvert