Six6VI
Jan 24, 2020
#14,773
CMDR Maylor Rom said:
From the works of Olivia Robertson:

Psyche 5, Sirius, Star of Isis
Liturgy rites of the Fellowship of Isis, as originally written by Olivia Robertson.
www.fellowshipofisis.com






is in the GM
Subrindens is in the GM
is apparently dead but was in the game.
is in the GM.
are in the game.
Dark Region is in the game and I suspect Orion's Belt is also there.
is where we are.

Of course, all of this is conjecture. I only surmise some of this may have been source material for Robert Holdstock's book.

Ok, I agree no one has a clue to where Raxxla may be, or where the Dark Wheel is, but my reasoning is that stories have source material from which some of this may have been used. My theory is no better and no worse than some I have heard or read. For coincidence, this is better than coincidence.
Click to expand...
Caveat: Depending on who you choose to argue the phenomena with...

Apparently Sol travels through the galaxy in a spiral. There's only one reason I can think of that this might happen - a counter weight, or companion star or star system which some seem to think is Sirius. We also observe phenomena like precession, and wonder what influential body is responsible for maintaining this cycle, and why it seems comparable to the asynchronous Yugas.

SPOILER

So, why is the Satya-Yuga period so long while the Kali Yuga part of the cycle (we're apparently in now) is so short? Is it because Sol is currently at aphelion, the furthest point from Canis Major and when they swing back towards each other the perihelion or, more rounded part of the egg shaped orbital dance creates a more harmonious energetic relationship between star and nature?

Do we have any (other) bodhisattvas further along in their ~25,000 year course notes to shed light on such eternal conundrums?

SPOILER

Not sure how they managed it but this animation has some issues (besides scale) which they didn't appear to fix (see Part 1 in links) when trying to show our course as we bob up and down through the galactic plane. First, Jupiter orbits INSIDE Saturn, not outside and they don't both have the same orbital period, they should be in a 1:2.5 resonance (~11.9 vs 29.5 years) instead.

It's a pretty good visualisation to help one wrap their head around our stellar waltz, but who's the unseen partner in this couple?
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Hanerib, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 2 others