Machina Ergo Sum
Jan 22, 2020
#14,761
Thoughts for the holidays (from my previous thread last year which didn't gain much traction)

1. a. Elite Dangerous (ED) draws inspiration from Ancient Egypt (AE) as shown by the overt art & design influences.

b. This leads into looking at the original monomyth (aka the hero's journey) in AE which is paralleled by ED's story line plus the entirety of pop culture & the underlying Mystery religions.
The reason why both timelines & journeys should parallel is because of:

2. a. The concept of time in AE which matches the modern understanding of Einstein's space-time & also the B Theory of time. In an infinite spacetime, would it loop back onto itself like the Ouroboros?

b. To us, the ED universe is really just a simulation in a hard drive. It will be a very meta representation of our current understanding of the Simulation Hypothesis & the Simulation Argument. Again there are various hints & Easter eggs.

c. Raxxla's hexagon symbol is a 2D representation of a 3D cube of spacetime of 1 Planck length encrypted as a Creation myth or monomyth i.e. e=mc2 (Bonus Easter Eggs: Look into Saturn's
mythology & symbol ħ, the Planck constant & ħ, Frontier's logo & the myths of the Muisca, Acquired Savant Syndrome math).

d. Procedural Generation (PG) & The Stellar Forge (SF) supports the idea of a deterministic Universe and fits the metaphor of various Creation myths.

3. a. If Raxxla is a physical McGuffin rather than a metaphor, the only and best way to avoid detection from data miners is by procedural generation of the Raxxla asset without special art assets or triggers. This explains the lack of success in anyone triggering anything thus far or
lack of news on anyone successfully data mining. In addition, procedural generation of the galaxy gives you 400 billion systems so it is impossible to brute force. It is akin to the 1 time pad in cryptography.

b. If true, then the only way is by hypothesizing exactly what Raxxla is and what the beginning/end of the journey is before setting out rather than randomly exploring all over the galaxy. Perhaps a possible journey can be traced out with the aid of the Stellarium.

c. Perhaps Raxxla is the initial seed in the Proc-gen i.e. the fabric of spacetime. If so I'd be slightly disappointed (42 has been hidden as part of a proc gen for asteroids I believe by an EVE developer)

4. a. So we look to the past monomyth of AE, trace the landmarks in the past and find parallels in the current ED timeline. If the characters & story line matches up, you should be able to predict where the story line is going next. If you end up being accurate then you are likely on the right track of thinking about the puzzle and perhaps you can skip ahead to the end/beginning.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Six6VI, yelboc and 4 others