selbie
Jan 15, 2024
#33,002
Louis Calvert said:
And also, as I said, I personally think these beings are the post-physical Constructs - the genocidal killers that used their power to completely eradicate an entire species instead of just leaving or helping them past their warlike ways, evolved by a few million years. The Constructs were literally insane. So in that sense yes, Halsey/Gan, etc. are also intrinsically linked to the Guardians and the continuation of that storyline, as you suggested
Like I've been saying the more we discover about the two (+AI) alien races, the more refined the search can become towards Raxxla. While I agree the Signal may indeed be Raxxla-related due to it's sheer vagueness, I cannot rule out some other purpose for it like the Guardian Construct/Exile mystery, or even a lost being in stasis (the Breath theory).

Personally I don't believe the Construct was insane. Terrifying in the context of genocide, yes, but Elite relishes in the idea of dark moral vagueness. The lore calls out the internal protest by the Military Construct before it was overruled, as well as Ram Tah theorising they likely deemed the Guardians a hopeless cause and felt they would be a ever-present threat to their new society - just like Halsey was warning about humanity.

I also can't find what specific evidence you mean stating Halsey as being unsatisfied with the Guardian ruins. Players found a shortcut and likely skipped a bunch of narrative elements FDev wanted to lay out, but that doesn't prove Raxxla is somehow the 'true' goal of the visions. What Halsey did state was her visions may not be taken literally, and then soon after described the nature of the vision. We still don't know what the clue was for.

At face value Drew pointing to the Formidine Rift mystery is simply showing there is a relationship to his Rift narrative, not of him unwittingly adding a Raxxla clue. Rather than assume it's a hidden clue for Raxxla, the important task would be to find what the Formidine Rift is about to then provide a tangible outcome.

Edelgard von Rhein said:
Thinking more about the golden chain being a path of G-type stars I had another look around and below the lower two Norns, Veroandi and Skuld, in the direction of Axis Mundi is a G-type called Seer. This seems like a good first step on the path! The next is harder. Laedla has some interesting planet names (Swallowworld and two others).
Fenrir was said to have a habit of swallowing celestial things like the battle with Odin at Ragnarok. His sons Skoll and Hati devour the sun and moon respectively.
Edit: I see a Thorn Minerology on Laedla 4b ?
Last edited: Jan 15, 2024
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein