Ian Doncaster
Jan 15, 2024
#33,007
Louis Calvert said:
Who says early FSD wasn't developed specifically to reach the source of the siren song?
Thinking along those lines ... "the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void" could certainly imply that its position is between systems. The landscape signal source itself certainly is.

The idea of trying to jump through its coordinates might be the right one.

Emperor said:
There's the logical reasoning that it can't be too far from Sol or the Old Worlds due to technology restrictions....
Though, does that actually follow - that works both ways? There's also the reasoning that anything too close to Sol - and certainly anything within the modern bubble - the odds that someone doesn't just stumble across it by sheer chance go down every year. The longer it goes on, the more obscurely hidden it has to be, which makes it even less likely that one of the first space pioneers with a fraction of the technology available in the 3300s happened to stumble across it and no-one else has since.

Raxxla is always spoken of as this great mystery that lots of people have looked for but no-one has found. It's compared with Atlantis, which wasn't found because it didn't exist, but that didn't stop people looking for it despite no-one having found it previously.

The Tornquist log doesn't seem to be talking about it as "maybe we can be the second people to find it".

So something like the landscape signal where you're aware that something might be there but it's an unimaginably long way away so you can't actually get there (in the pre-FSD era, anyway - and noting that even the FSD wasn't supposed to be this good in the original pre-release design docs [2]) arguably fits better.


[2] Which would have also had an interesting consequence if it is (related to) the landscape signal - Sag A* is an obvious exploration target, to the point that it was reached by sheer persistence in a Sidewinder in the Gamma release, used as a waypoint on both Distant Worlds expeditions and many others, and had a station established nearby in DW2. If it had required rather more persistence, logistics, teamwork, etc. to get there at all then there would have been - perhaps for many years - attempts to get closer to the core, unknowingly being drawn to "Raxxla" as well. The dreams and visions aspect of it could then have been revealed (and arguably still works) to have also been affecting some CMDRs all along.

Same could apply to anything which is an obvious but distant exploration destination, of course - the earliest pre-release expedition plan was not to the core but a circumnavigation of the rim, MB commented that nebulae were good places to hide things, etc.
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, Louis Calvert, Emperor and 1 other person