selbie
Jan 16, 2024
#33,011
Rochester said:
Thanks to @selbie I’ve been able to update my Starship One mapping.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10298408

I need some supporting information; is the following list of destinations for Starship One in the correct sequential order, if not what was it originally?

Starship One incident
HIP 53688, Tinia, Aleumoxii, 78 Ursae Majoris, Dietri, Su, Furuhjelm I-645, Saga, Delphin, Nanomam, Coriccha, and Ross 860, then lost between system, and the scheduled arrival destination in the system.
Click to expand...
As far as I can find in the articles, I couldn't determine for certain where the tour was meant to conclude, but the Azaleach unscheduled detour occurred "shortly after the tour began" according to the wiki. I'm guessing 13 days counts as "shortly after" for a multi-system tour. So Saga was at best the next destination to resume the tour, not the final stop on the tour.
Halsey's tour announcement
Initial stops announced
13 May - Tour starts Final public list (keep in mind there were likely classified stops in addition to these listed)
15 May - 78 Ursae stop
18 May - Soontil relics tests queried
24 May - Ceti sector issues with Onionhead (Halsey had previously acted to ban the substance)
Sabotage day reports

That also reminded me of something I noticed the other day and forgot to loop back to it...
On January 12, 3301, Vice President Smeaton died under suspicious circumstances [he had been privately investigating the Highliner Antares disaster of 3251 and had apparently obtained evidence indicating that Core Dynamics had sabotaged the Antares] and was replaced the following month by Congressman Ethan Naylor of the frontier system of Siren, a controversial move which many saw as an clumsy attempt by Halsey to address criticism that her administration was too Sol-centric.
Lots of familiar words to do with conspiracies and plots revolving around Core Dynamics sabotaging jump drives, Mars (Federation axis of power, Core Dyn. is located on Mars), and the Siren System.
Last edited: Jan 16, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Emperor, Louis Calvert and 2 others