Rochester
Jan 17, 2024
#33,020
Jorki Rasalas said:
Just had a check in my notes but looks like I deleted the one on the SSO disaster.
I did find "Halsey has a sister Azalea" (hint to something about Azaleach?? In Japan/China Azaleas symbolise homesickness, is that the opposite of Fernweh??)
IIRC the Post that revealed a secret meeting of Halsey and Mahon was removed from Galnet. We only knew about it because someone had taken a screenshot before the deletion.

Edit
Just found this by @simulacrae https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threa...-was-actually-really-good.589554/post-9506732
And there was some discussion on this topic a long while ago in tnis thread... https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9055954

Incidentally, when I found that last link I also spotted a potential Golden Chain pic...
Click to expand...
Thanks for that, it’s evident to have some relevance to the story, their emphasis I feel was to draw attention to this pre-emptive alteration to the journey, make us think it’s not just an assassination plot but possibly something else going on. I don’t think the ‘why’ is necessary to understand, only the ‘where‘.

The who, why, what I feel ought to be evident in the location it’s alluding to.

If nothing is there then it’s narrative, and just a breadcrumb teaser, in my opinion the lowest form of storytelling. Give us data.

I feel if there isn’t something ‘physical’ in this locality, then it’s esoteric, and that systems, bodies and factions in that area are telling a deeper story - again it’s back to ‘environmental storytelling’. This could point to a clue to go to ‘someplace’ or that something is / has happened/ing ‘off camera’ (not lore), but who knows?

Have edited my posts.

The golden chain theory, utilising the Orion focused beam of stars might be a possibility, but other than allegorical interpretation I don’t suspect there is any directional spacial evidence to point us there… maybe wrong. At most I think it’s just a nice touch to name these ‘errors’ and make use of the anomaly. Again I might be wrong.

The golden chain of Milton’s Paradise Lost isn’t actually significantly long.

Paradise was held just below the brow (inclined hill wall) of the Empyrean, it was not a great distance away from it, Milton mixed his metaphors to confuse the reader and convey the vast distances he was attempting to convey but at the same time comfort the reader that ‘Paradise’ was still very close to gods love and not something distant and discarded.

If said ‘chain’ exists in game it ought not be taking us thousands of light years away from the suspected Empyrean nor realm of Chaos nor the Underworld; it really ought to be just directly under the Empyrean or between it and Chaos, definitely someplace inside the bubble, but who knows?

I’m no expert, just an opinion. O7
Last edited: Jan 18, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Jorki Rasalas