Jorki Rasalas
Jan 15, 2024
#33,005
Emperor said:
<Snipped>
There's the logical reasoning that it can't be too far from Sol or the Old Worlds due to technology restrictions....

Just a thought
That is only valid if you assume that Raxxla has actually been found by an in-game character...and I think the only evidence we have for that assumption is Rafe Zetter''s words in the original TDW novella.

We don't, I think, actually have any confirmation from FD that the TDW novella is valid lore source for ED. Nor do we have any evidence that (a) Rafe actually knew what he was talking about or (b) that he wasn't actually lying about it to mislead Alec for some reason. It was an excellent plot device for the novella, but how much does that impact ED? We have evidence to suggest that DB was not a fan of Holdstock. We don't have any evidence that Raxxla, as realised in ED, is a moon or 'mythical planet ......with an alien construct that's a gateway to other Universes'. In fact we have some evidence that it can't be, since DB said Raxxla is in game... but we don't know what it is. Clearly if that TDW lore had been implemented then we would know what it is! Moreover MB said, IIRC, that only one galaxy had been implemented in ED, the Milky Way, so I'm doubtful about this mythical gateway being in ED...where would it lead???

Depending on what it is Raxxla doesn't have to have been physically visited, if we assume its existence is "observable' in-game by appropriately equipped observers. Radio, gravitational and optical telescopes exist in 20th Century on Earth, ED lore might have been written that the existence of Raxxla was detected by one of these. And some 20/21C telescopes have been orbited in satellites, including the Gaia satellite which has provided significant astronomical data. It's possible that Sol's Mother Gaia faction was the answer to the first line of the Toast and it was a clue pointing us to that satellite. That was the basis for my Gravitational Wave hypothesis and I fruitlessly flew thousands of LY visiting various radio and potential Gravitational Wave sources in-game...probably the start of my current ED_ennui!

So, the Landscape signal might be the source of the Raxxla myth in-game....but I don't think we have any evidence for that as a theory, it could just be FD "flavouring"...

So, I have faith (i.e. unfounded optimism) that something named Raxxla has been implemented in ED, but we don't know what Raxxla is, where it is, how to recognise it if we find it, and I'm highly sceptical of the reward for all the effort in the unlikely event it is found.... it might be an icy ring belt asteroid with the phrase "Raxxla was 'ere" engraved by a Guardian laser....there's a reason I named my exploration ship Deep Fernweh!
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein and Emperor