Emperor
Jan 15, 2024
#33,006
Louis Calvert said:
Me too

Remember that according to the Codex - Raxxla has been discovered already

Of course, as soon as FSD was developed reaching the centre was easy... and FSD has been around now for about 25 years, who knows how much longer the technology existed before that in private hands?

Who says early FSD wasn't developed specifically to reach the source of the siren song? AFAIK the development of FSD is still a bit mysterious.

Lots of ways to explain it.


Yeah! I thought about that. Consider:

a) Maybe just like us, the vast majority of people ignore it.
b) 99.9% of folks in Elite are just regular space truckers doing jobs and don't have the time, money, or freedom to even consider it. Anyone that does consider it could be the people we know of as Raxxla hunters, or the Dark Wheel.
c) My assumption is that (just like us) everyone has different ideas on what it means.
d) I'm not sure the Landscape Signal itself exist in the lore in the way we see it. I think it's a game representation of something that's far more subtle in the Lore - visions and dreams.

Just look at us, it's been present in the game allegedly since pre-Horizons and yet it wasn't until 2-3 years ago that anyone 'found' it, yet we've all heard it repeatedly. Even now lots of people ignore it, I certainly did when it was first found. I only stared paying attention more recently because I was working on an idea linking Halsey's visions to Sirens and came across a reference to the singing in the Landscape Signal.

I personally assume that maybe it does, it's just some people are affected more and some less, and some are affected.

My guess is that it has been influencing the entire space-faring portion of the human race the whole time.

Imagine what someone might do if they were able to leverage the power of the siren song?

If you were a corporation selling Hyperdrives and Hyperdrive fuel, maybe having humanity being more inclined to want to travel and explore is good for business


Well... we know Hyperspace itself allows travel across vast ranges. I believe Brookes suggested range is a function of energy generation. Jaques travelled 22,000ly in a single jump, and was trying for 50,000, by a combination of turning off all the safeties and overcharging the drive

Maybe even Quirium drives could jump further with special modifications - comparable to the fictional galactic jump system, possibly. The Pharmasapien missions to Barnard's Loop area were powered by Quirium drives, so long-range ships did exist as of 3100s.

And there's nothing to say that Raxxla has been - is a specific wording. Assume the Landscape Signal is coming from Raxxla, we might say we've that, but we haven't it yet.

Good thoughts It's super handy to have ideas challenged, it helps identify holes in the reasoning.
Click to expand...
"I personally assume that maybe it does, it's just some people are affected more and some less, and some are really affected.
My guess is that it has been influencing the entire space-faring portion of the human race the whole time.
Imagine what someone might do if they were able to leverage the power of the siren song?"

That would be "covert dominance" indeed and especially if you could direct individuals as well as mass hysteria, I guess that's not beyond the realms of science fiction and has been used in the last two Halloween events? ....

And as D7 said "So I have a counter proposal to the landscape signal question. First off, lets be clear that there really isn't any such thing as sound in space since sound energy requires a medium of matter to disturb. Therefore, sound can't actually travel in a vacuum. Putting these minor details aside, one could propose that the game may be using the signal as a way to point us to a clue, but is not in and of itself the clue."

It could be a sound inside the ship/ship instruments that looks like it's coming from Sag A* area?.... which is why I have added to my list of things to do to see if the onboard ship noises are affected by the landscape signal or interacts with it in some way, the signal itself may only be one half to a clue?


"Maybe even Quirium drives could jump further with special modifications - comparable to the fictional galactic jump system, possibly. The Pharmasapien missions to Barnard's Loop area were powered by Quirium drives, so long-range ships did exist as of 3100s."

In terms of travel and the mysterious disappearance of Quirium and relating it to Raxxla/Landscape signal....

As we know..."The earliest documented reference to Raxxla dates to 2296 and originates from an entry in the personal journal of Art Tornqvist, a shipboard mechanic based out of Tau Ceti. The entry does not describe Raxxla or its possible whereabouts, but its existence is evidence that the Raxxla legend was already in the public consciousness by that time."

So Raxxla first documented reference was 2296 and was a legend at that time, so guessing we'd have to put a fair few years of it being discussed/details lost in time to become a legend...?


"Faraway Jump and quirium drives
The first commercially-available hyperdrive was the Faraway Jump, introduced in the 2800s. This model had a relatively short jump range, but travelers spent only a brief time in hyperspace with each jump. It was powered by a fuel called quirium, an energy-dense material exclusively produced by the Galactic Cooperative."

So that would rule out Faraway Jump / Quirium drives?

However it might not rule out the first hyperdrive technology in the 22nd century...

"Early hyperdrives
A team of engineers led by Li Qin Jao invented the first hyperdrive in the 22nd century. Early hyperdrive models based on the Li Qin Jao design were slow and inefficient, but exponentially faster than sublight travel, which thousands of Generation Ships were forced to rely on. Until the 2800s, hyperdrive technology was mainly only available to corporations and governments, similar to how affordable starships were also beyond the reach of consumers until the introduction of the Python in 2700."

"The first unreliable, inefficient and slow 'faster than light' drive" - which I've thought might relate to the whisperers in Witch space a few times...

"mainly only available to corporations and governments" - This puts it in the time just after WWIII and looks like it was only available to the rich and powerful.... So mostly the corporations having become supper powerful and just before the formalisation of the Federation and when people were just heading out in to space and other systems....

Tau Ceti..."By 2159, the settlement was largely self-sufficient and able to elect a civilian administrator." - Well before 2296 reference to Raxxla, so mid/late 2100's and early space travel likely to be the era of the first discovery of Raxxla?

"The 22nd century saw early pioneering projects began to take shape. The discovery of a workable hyperspace theory and the design of the first unreliable, inefficient and slow 'faster than light' drive (compared to those we are used to in 3300) opened the possibility of exploration and settlement. A new frontier of science and engineering opened, confirmed by the first detailed messages and system scans to be received back to Earth from an interstellar probe sent to the Tau Ceti system years earlier. This led to a corporate race-for-the-stars as massive commercial colony projects were founded, funded, built and launched, together with hundreds of automated probes sent to all nearby systems.

I doubt the Tau Ceti probe was the only probe that was sent out for candidate discovery, but would have most likely been one of the nearest and first reporting back, So I guess "Raxxla" may have started with these probes and they may have set out to find it... especially if when they got there, it wasn't there

Just some thoughts!
Reactions:
selbie and Louis Calvert