Louis Calvert
Jan 15, 2024
#33,001
Emperor said:
I sort of struggle sometimes with the Landscape signal/Sag A* being Raxxla...
Me too
Emperor said:
unless the reason no one found it was because they couldn't get there...
Remember that according to the Codex - Raxxla has been discovered already

Of course, as soon as FSD was developed reaching the centre was easy... and FSD has been around now for about 25 years, who knows how much longer the technology existed before that in private hands?

Who says early FSD wasn't developed specifically to reach the source of the siren song? AFAIK the development of FSD is still a bit mysterious.

Lots of ways to explain it.

Emperor said:
And they would have worked out the signal just like we did in game pretty quickly, so why were people heading off searching for Raxxla...
Yeah! I thought about that. Consider:

a) Maybe just like us, the vast majority of people ignore it.
b) 99.9% of folks in Elite are just regular space truckers doing jobs and don't have the time, money, or freedom to even consider it. Anyone that does consider it could be the people we know of as Raxxla hunters, or the Dark Wheel.
c) My assumption is that (just like us) everyone has different ideas on what it means.
d) I'm not sure the Landscape Signal itself exist in the lore in the way we see it. I think it's a game representation of something that's far more subtle in the Lore - visions and dreams.

Just look at us, it's been present in the game allegedly since pre-Horizons and yet it wasn't until 2-3 years ago that anyone 'found' it, yet we've all heard it repeatedly. Even now lots of people ignore it, I certainly did when it was first found. I only stared paying attention more recently because I was working on an idea linking Halsey's visions to Sirens and came across a reference to the singing in the Landscape Signal.
Emperor said:
And why doesn't the Siren song affect everyone as we all hear it....
I personally assume that maybe it does, it's just some people are affected more and some less, and some are really affected.

My guess is that it has been influencing the entire space-faring portion of the human race the whole time.
"Raxxla also plays a role in several conspiracy theories, most of which attest that it has already been discovered by some kind of sinister cabal (or sole tyrant), which has leveraged its power to establish covert dominance over humanity."
Imagine what someone might do if they were able to leverage the power of the siren song?

If you were a corporation selling Hyperdrives and Hyperdrive fuel, maybe having humanity being more inclined to want to travel and explore is good for business

Emperor said:
There's the logical reasoning that it can't be too far from Sol or the Old Worlds due to technology restrictions....
Well... we know Hyperspace itself allows travel across vast ranges. I believe Brookes suggested range is a function of energy generation. Jaques travelled 22,000ly in a single jump, and was trying for 50,000, by a combination of turning off all the safeties and overcharging the drive

Maybe even Quirium drives could jump further with special modifications - comparable to the fictional galactic jump system, possibly. The Pharmasapien missions to Barnard's Loop area were powered by Quirium drives, so long-range ships did exist as of 3100s.

And there's nothing to say that Raxxla has been reached - "it has already been discovered" is a specific wording. Assume the Landscape Signal is coming from Raxxla, we might say we've discovered that, but we haven't reached it yet.
Emperor said:
Just a thought
Good thoughts It's super handy to have ideas challenged, it helps identify holes in the reasoning.
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein