Louis Calvert
Jun 30, 2024
#34,377
selbie said:
I wish I could verify that. Believe me when I say I've followed everything in your thread to a T and attempted to extract anything possible out of my own independent recordings from different parts of the galaxy. I found no indisputable evidence of 'creatures' or any forms that denote a deliberate manipulation by FDev to communicate a visual clue outside of the original 'A' glyphs and 'mountains'.

Where were you when recording? At the centre of the Galaxy near the Rift itself, or in the bubble or elsewhere?

Because what's interesting is that I've tested Canonn's recording from their Landscape Signal page (being the only recording I have that's not from my own hand, so to speak), and the bird-in-the-mountain creature is MUCH harder to see on that - though it's there and I can see it, many of the features are weak and I can't see most of the interesting stuff. If I'd not already known where to look I'd not have seen it. At a guess I'd say that recording was made from the bubble because it most closely resembles the recordings I made with my alt from the bubble.

Also, as per my posts - the Canonn snip is only one repetition of the signal and doesn't take into account the Galactic Background noise, so it may well just be a bad recording because they didn't know what they were trying to show at the time - it's not even a very good recording of the "mountain" features, you can obviously see them, but it's low fidelity compared to the quality you can get. I also don't know if maybe different computers audio setups make the recording easier/harder to see... again, sadly not enough people are testing this out in good faith to know how to optimise this for the masses.

The hidden images are much stronger when you're closer to the Rift itself. My guess is that most people who try this are not at the centre of the galaxy. You can see at least the not-bird from anywhere, but it's much weaker, "ghostly" and barely visible - almost like it's intended to get you to go closer to figure out what that thing you can just-about see is... That's the purpose of the "mountains" - to get people to see there's something there and go looking for the source, as IRH did originally.

I really, really don't understand why people are struggling to see these things. Yes, they are hard to see. I really don't know what else to do, and what's infinitely frustrating is that this is it. Or...if this isn't Raxxla then it's some other deeply hidden mystery at the figurative and literal heart of the galaxy.

They are there. They are waiting for people to see them. They really, really are there. I can't think of anything to do other than just continually say that they are there and all you have to do is go look and hope enough people do. I know I'm missing something, I know there's got to be a way to fully reveal the image properly, I just don't know what that is.

I'm fully willing to engage with people testing this in good faith. I want people to test this. I want everyone playing Elite to go and make recordings of the Landscape Signal. That's the only way we'll figure this out, and (with no disrespect to you Selbie), one person testing this and struggling to see the images doesn't mean anything, I've no idea what you might or might not have don't wrong. For all I know you're pointing in the wrong direction If you can upload your recording of the Landscape Signal I'll very quickly be able to tell you if I can see anything in it, if you want to try that. Then you can at least be sure we're working from the same recording and try to figure out testing methodology for other people to follow - maybe even figure out what we need to do in order to see the images more clearly!

Edit: If you don't want to clutter up this thread do it on mine.
Last edited: Jun 30, 2024