Rochester
Jun 29, 2024
#34,366
selbie said:
A map is not the territory. As above, so below.

All maps require a Key to interpret the symbology used within it. ie. the inset list of symbols on a map to help interpret the map.
If the Garden is a map of the Path to Raxxla, and Raxxla is a gateway/rift much like a Door, then this Door (in other words:- all component parts that makes up a "doorway" or a "passage of entry" - such as what a map shows) provides the 'Key' to the map. Similarly the codex also contains references to Legends. In the context of mapping, a Legend encompasses the Key as well as any extended notes explaining the map).

Thus, if the Milton Garden is a map of the way to Raxxla, and players must embark on a journey through a series of destinations (like the Test of Courage and Skill imposed on Dark Wheel acolytes, and just as Uriel performed a "server authority check" on Satan ) to reach it, then it makes perfect sense that it would spawn only in the archetype stations
Tourists need a map to find far off places they yearn to see.
Pirates (vagabonds) need a map to return to their hidden treasure.
Satan required guidance from Chaos to seek the way to the Pendent World, and guidance from Uriel to find Paradise within.


Some parallels I'm seeing:
- where " " (the fallen angels see themselves as Grand - Paradise Lost, , line 427)- The Grand are akin to Pirates, Vagabonds, Treasure-seekers - those who seek the end goal at the expense of all else. Cora was drunk, ie. blinded to her common sense and wanted to take Art's ship for an unknown object of desire. Even the modern usage of pandemonium implies a state of anarchy, confusion and chaos.
- the realm of God/s (ultimate authority) - Federation of Pilots, limitless power, order. The Dark Wheel allegedly manipulates this power.
- this could be related to the that has observed. The smaller circles could be the major encounters that Satan had after reaching the World Sphere.
- the participant seeking to violate boundaries as retaliation against a powerful authority - thus players as participants may need to follow this path to access Raxxla.

So if this garden is depicting a Map of Raxxla, then perhaps the path to raxxla takes us through these zones in some way. The story of Julia could be the "Legacy" that was left for us (Satan's paved way for treasure-seeking vagabonds). The spiralling stars tale being the perspective of the mythical princess ('the maiden' / Cora / Persephone) confined in the underworld (realm of Grand vagabonds / jurisdiction of the Dark Wheel).
Therefore, the most logical starting point in this theory would be 'far below' in the realm of the Underworld / Hel / Pandemonium.

So a potential range of points along this path could be:




Something possibly related to the station connection. While checking Milton's prose in Book 3, something struck me:


This is Milton's reference to the geocentric cosmos, and so the illustration of Anaximander's models then reminded me of the variant of the Orbis ('Orb'-is) station with 2 rings - just like the solar and lunar wheels of the geocentric model.

Just like the 2 wheels of the specific Orbis station type used in The Dark Wheel codex image
Click to expand...

A bridge to the Empyrean?
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10304929
Reactions:
selbie