Rochester
Jun 29, 2024
#34,361
True.

However I do suspect the construction is actually much more complex than that. This garden design might be just one way to perceive it. But we are presuming we are meant to understand it now, these could have had relevance historically.

For instance there exists systems named after Norse elements and Runes, many correspond to the Miltonian concept, collectively they could be said to align alongside its axis like the Yggdrasil tree.

The wider construction I equally speculate could in fact be of a tiered design, which also could equate to another illustration of Paradise Lost.

It’s possible Brookes adaptated the design and moved things around to suit his story and his other influences. Eg Norse / Celt mythology; Lovecraft and Robert Holdstock.

I do not advocate Milton is the primary key, I speculate his work significantly influenced the model.

It could all be pattern bias O7 I never state it’s a fact, only probable.

I have speculated however that its equally and maybe more likely archeological. This hypothesis might only identify the buried architecture of the ‘original’ narrative.

We know FD changes things. They removed the older missions - these held relevance due to their textural links to Milton (maybe), FD confirmed the Trinkets were involved too, these had wider references to classical concepts of fate that does also link spatially to the construct.

I speculate the original design might then have been archived, and then simplified, or totally thrown out, these could also be evidence of various narratives, which were not established, FD is known to shift narratives. Maybe we were never intended to see and understand these concepts?

This is speculation. In a vacuum.

These supposed bones, then may thave then been repurposed I speculate as part of the codex, which I have proposed could simply have been a redux, a shorthand, of his original model and then reused, simply for orientation?

One of my hypothesis is that could be part of the ultimate mystery. Raxxla could be one thing, but likewise if it relates to a state of cosmic enlightenment, this could be that state, a concept of an Otherworld which exists beyond our reality; and that our concepts of creation in game are simply an illusion.

So all of this could actually have no current relevance.

Or it’s totally invented, fan theory.
Last edited: Jun 29, 2024