selbie
Jun 29, 2024
#34,364
A map is not the territory. As above, so below.

All maps require a Key to interpret the symbology used within it. ie. the inset list of symbols on a map to help interpret the map.
If the Garden is a map of the Path to Raxxla, and Raxxla is a gateway/rift much like a Door, then this Door (in other words:- all component parts that makes up a "doorway" or a "passage of entry" - such as what a map shows) provides the 'Key' to the map. Similarly the codex also contains references to Legends. In the context of mapping, a Legend encompasses the Key as well as any extended notes explaining the map).

Thus, if the Milton Garden is a map of the way to Raxxla, and players must embark on a journey through a series of destinations (like the Test of Courage and Skill imposed on Dark Wheel acolytes, and just as Uriel performed a "server authority check" on Satan ) to reach it, then it makes perfect sense that it would spawn only in the Tourism archetype stations
Tourists need a map to find far off places they yearn to see.
Pirates (vagabonds) need a map to return to their hidden treasure.
Satan required guidance from Chaos to seek the way to the Pendent World, and guidance from Uriel to find Paradise within.


Some parallels I'm seeing:
Pandaemonium - where "the 'Grand' in Council sat" (the fallen angels see themselves as Grand - Paradise Lost, Book 10, line 427)- The Grand are akin to Pirates, Vagabonds, Treasure-seekers - those who seek the end goal at the expense of all else. Cora was drunk, ie. blinded to her common sense and wanted to take Art's ship for an unknown object of desire. Even the modern usage of pandemonium implies a state of anarchy, confusion and chaos.
Empyrean - the realm of God/s (ultimate authority) - Federation of Pilots, limitless power, order. The Dark Wheel allegedly manipulates this power.
Celestial Spheres - this could be related to the Zones that @Rochester has observed. The smaller circles could be the major encounters that Satan had after reaching the World Sphere.
Satan - the participant seeking to violate boundaries as retaliation against a powerful authority - thus players as participants may need to follow this Dangerous path to access Raxxla.

So if this garden is depicting a Map of Raxxla, then perhaps the path to raxxla takes us through these zones in some way. The story of Julia could be the "Legacy" that was left for us (Satan's paved way for treasure-seeking vagabonds). The spiralling stars tale being the perspective of the mythical princess ('the maiden' / Cora / Persephone) confined in the underworld (realm of Grand vagabonds / jurisdiction of the Dark Wheel).
Therefore, the most logical starting point in this theory would be 'far below' in the realm of the Underworld / Hel / Pandemonium.

So a potential range of points along this path could be:
Interaction with the Gates of Hell - relating to Sin, Death etc. - Hell's Gate in Jaques' story. - see Rochester's post.
Locate the realm of Chaos, then search for a pointer toward the Empyrean zone. - see above link.
Locate the "bare convex of this World's outermost orb" - aka the Crystalline Sphere whose balance weighs - Libra - scales, sacred to Shamash, also known as Scorpion's Claws - an association with law and civility. - Shamash system is "north" beyond the Axis of Chaos which fits the idea of a heavenly authority "above" chaos.
The "Lost World" zone - Liminal space between worlds - Limbo of Vanity - this would signal that you are near a major milestone. Something associated with Wind - ie. a "violent cross wind" which causes people to be lost in Limbo. - as above, Erebus is at the southern aspect of the zone of Chaos, and the axis aligns with systems named after the Greek wind compass.
A gate / stair metaphor alluding to heaven would indicate you are at the point of entry into the World's spheres. - the stairs of Heaven is a metaphor for the stages of obtaining enlightenment, purifying the soul etc which aligns with the altruistic actions of Jacques. The path of Jacques aligns perfectly with the above axis of Chaos.
A place associated with gold, the sun, or a guardian angel (The Guardians?) - as players we place Guardian-made objects to 'disguise ourselves as Guardian' for the machines to provide something - just as Satan disguised himself as an angel to mislead Uriel.
A mountain - Niphates - Beaumont? The fact it doesn't exist in the game could mean it is disguised as something else (assuming it's not a red herring, or a broken element of the mystery), and thus we might need to be directed to it first. The Niphates Mountain range is north of where the Hanging Gardens of Babylon were (a legendary paradise/ garden of eden) - There is a "Lie Relay" station in a Babalung system for example.
As we approach Raxxla, we may need to "change shape" to best serve the task required - akin to Satan disguising as four-footed animals to approach Eden.




Something possibly related to the station connection. While checking Milton's prose in Book 3, something struck me:
Thus said, he turnd, and Satan bowing low,
As to superior Spirits is wont in Heaven,
Where honour due and reverence none neglects,
Took leave, and toward the coast of Earth beneath,
Down from th' Ecliptic, sped with hop'd success,
Throws his steep flight in many an Aerie wheele,
Nor staid, till on Niphates top he lights.

This is Milton's reference to the geocentric cosmos, and so the illustration of Anaximander's models then reminded me of the variant of the Orbis ('Orb'-is) station with 2 rings - just like the solar and lunar wheels of the geocentric model.

Just like the 2 wheels of the specific Orbis station type used in The Dark Wheel codex image
Attachments
OrbisStation_001.jpg
93.1 KB · Views: 33
Last edited: Jun 29, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae and Rochester