Noobilite
Mar 15, 2020
#15,686
Have a new theory:

The game may be heavily, "inspired," by the rpg traveler: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Traveller_(role-playing_game)

GURPS Traveller: Interstellar Wars
In 2006, Steve Jackson Games released GURPS Traveller: Interstellar Wars (GTISW, sometimes GTIW) for the 4th edition of GURPS from 2004. The timeline was rolled back to 2170, which is several millennia earlier than the usual Traveller setting, to the early days of Earth's presence in space at the time when Earth first started to send out interstellar ships to include the period just after the Third Interstellar War between the Terran Confederation (Earth) and the gigantic Ziru Sirka Empire (Vland).

If we figure out what Raxxla's counterpart is/was in this game we may get ideas for this one.

Is anyone familiar with this rpg to know if it had a Raxxla or Raxxla like object?

Ancients
The Ancients were a major race in the distant past; their ruins dot planets throughout charted space and their artifacts are more technically advanced than those of any existing civilization. For unknown reasons, they transplanted humans from Earth to dozens of worlds, uplifted Terran wolves to create the Vargr, and undertook many megascale engineering projects before destroying their civilization in a catastrophic war.

BTW, If I'm correct this may mean the thargoids were made by the guardians. Maybe the other faction made them after splitting up... Or something.

https://wiki.travellerrpg.com/Vargr <- That first species we killed off in game when we expanded to alliance or empire space? It was the first other species found. Could be the same species.
https://wiki.travellerrpg.com/Ancient Raxxla Green!

Destroyed Ancient Homeworld?
Investigators always hope that the next Ancient site they discover will be the homeworld; theoretically there would be fossil evidence that the Ancients had evolved on such a world and the evidence would confirm the find.

Some propose that the search is futile: the homeworld was undoubtedly reduced to an asteroid belt during the Final War.

This is either evidence of the correlation of the origins or the, "joke," about looking in asteroid belts.

Maybe the thargoids are headed towards guardian space and we are in the way.

Ancients Archaeological Site Locations
Imperial studies of the reported locations of Ancient sites have produced some statistical data. The results are purely statistical, but point toward certain conclusions.

Overall, the frequency of Ancient sites declines with distance from a central point. That central point is somewhere in the Spinward Marches.

Please see Worlds with an Ancient Site for more information.

https://wiki.travellerrpg.com/Spinward_Marches_Sector <- Does this game have an equivilent space. If it's base on real stars it might.

Theories
Many theories about the Ancients have been formed based on the available evidence. The three or four major theories currently in vogue are:

Conflict
The Ancients were divided into many different subraces, nationalities, tribes, or other groups, and that competition between these groups was a continuing part of their lives. High intelligence was natural to the Ancients, and as a consequence, their struggle against nature was an easy task; their struggles against each other was somewhat more difficult. In the end, the differences between their groups led to a genocidal war which extinguished the entire race. This theory dwells on the Final War aspects of the Ancients.

Migration
Some event or series of events convinced the Ancients to leave this region of space for another. After the migration fleets were constructed, but before they left, the Ancients destroyed all traces of their present civilization. The Ancients still exist somewhere in the universe. This theory explains the Final War as a sort of tidying up before departing. It explains in understandable human terms why the Ancients are no longer around, and expresses the fear that they might someday return.
Are thargoids ancients returning home?

Black Globes
Rarely do excavations of Ancient sites produce working artifacts. One site proved to be a treasure trove with more than 2,000 operating black globe generators almost waiting to be installed in Imperial ships. Black globes typify the incomprehensible artifacts of the Ancients: each of the devices found is a small metal device measuring about 300 cm on a side with a shiny metal finish. Two minor discolorations on the surface are the on and off switches.

When the device is activated, it projects a black force field in a sphere around the device at a radius of about one meter. In the first experiments with the device,a researcher was cut in half by the force field when he touched the switch; in the second, it was activated remotely by a rod. Both of the black globes could not then be turned off because the off switch was inside the force field.

The black globe was adopted by the Imperial Navy as a form of armor, for its fighting ships. Using the many black globe devices found, the Navy has been able to produce crude duplicates of them, but researchers are still a long way from a good understanding of how these devices work.
Click to expand...
World-Bending
In some cases, the Ancients have moved whole worlds. Their exploits in such matters were so great that even the Final War was unable to destroy them.

The Ancients created a rosette of five worlds at Tireen (in the Vargr Extents). Five planets were shifted into points equidistant from each other in the same orbit and then transformed into identical habitats. Evidence as to what the worlds were like before the shift is lacking, so the degree of transformation is unknown, but even shifting worlds in their orbits consumes unbelievable amounts of energy, and the Ancients shifted at least four worlds in that system.

Each of the worlds has physical characteristics 484, which indicates that the worlds would be especially hospitable to Droyne. At least one of the worlds in the rosette was inhabited by Droyne when the system was discovered by Vargr in -2530, but they have since died out.

The Ancients also created a in the system of the . Even their approach to building a ringworld puzzles the experts. It circles a dim M1V star at less than 30 million kilometers. The ringworld is a narrow band less than 100,000 kilometers wide, and the construction looks unfinished, without soils, atmosphere, or any provision for life to live on its inner surface. And even so, this small ringworld has an inner surface area equal to 25,000 Terras.
Click to expand...

This is interesting. Maybe we are looking for such worlds in game. We have the home world and the possibility of warping worlds and created ring worlds if this is in any way related.'

BTW, traveler also had ship interiors!

this game had psionics also. I wonder if space legs will lead to psionics. Or if guardian tech will after spacelegs.

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jloOW14z5Kg

Generation ships! Not sure if it's from the board game though. This might be a different rpg. I can't tell. (it is.)

Are brain trees guardian tech:

The Guardian Research Division
(Click to Join!) Table of Contents 1/3 The Guardian Structures Codex Archive Guardian & Thargoid Technology The AI Constructs The Guardian Civil Wars Artistic Impressions Sign Language Analysis The Brain Tree Connection? The Raxxla Connection? The Formadine Rift...
forums.frontier.co.uk

I posted this in "The Quest to find Raxxla" thread a little while ago...

I'm wondering if it could be possible that Raxxla is connected to the Guardians? The guardians were very advanced and were capable of creating "gateways to other worlds". The worlds were virtual, which is a twist that hasn't been considered as far as I know. What if Raxxla isn't actually a physical place, but a virtual realm where the archives of the Guardians advanced knowledge could be found?

And have been thinking on it some more...

VR. A place that isn't a place!

This game is a glorified VR advertisement. What if once found Only VR users can access raxxla... 8\
Vr within VR. VR^2. Or SqRt(VR) = Raxxla?
Last edited: Mar 15, 2020
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, Vasquess, Edelgard von Rhein and 5 others