Korlod
K
Mar 15, 2020
#15,687
Noobilite said:
Have a new theory:

The game may be heavily, "inspired," by the rpg traveler: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Traveller_(role-playing_game)



If we figure out what Raxxla's counterpart is/was in this game we may get ideas for this one.

Is anyone familiar with this rpg to know if it had a Raxxla or Raxxla like object?



BTW, If I'm correct this may mean the thargoids were made by the guardians. Maybe the other faction made them after splitting up... Or something.

<- That first species we killed off in game when we expanded to alliance or empire space? It was the first other species found. Could be the same species.
Raxxla Green!



This is either evidence of the correlation of the origins or the, "joke," about looking in asteroid belts.

Maybe the thargoids are headed towards guardian space and we are in the way.



<- Does this game have an equivilent space. If it's base on real stars it might.




Are thargoids ancients returning home?




This is interesting. Maybe we are looking for such worlds in game. We have the home world and the possibility of warping worlds and created ring worlds if this is in any way related.'

BTW, traveler also had ship interiors!

this game had psionics also. I wonder if space legs will lead to psionics. Or if guardian tech will after spacelegs.



Generation ships! Not sure if it's from the board game though. This might be a different rpg. I can't tell. (it is.)

Are brain trees guardian tech:




VR. A place that isn't a place!

This game is a glorified VR advertisement. What if once found Only VR users can access raxxla... 8\
Vr within VR. VR^2. Or SqRt(VR) = Raxxla?
Click to expand...

I played Traveller back in the days before the original Elite and through the remaining ‘80s. I don’t recall anything at all like Raxxla, but then it was largely an open story for the GM to make while the books provided guidelines and rules, much like AD&D did.
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, John Stoutbeard and [PS4] Filthymick420