Rochester
Oct 29, 2023
#31,842
In John Miltons Paradise Lost, there is an incident where Satan meets Chaos who provides him directions towards the exact location of Eden.

“To that side Heav'n from whence your Legions fell”

Where was this area, which side of the heavens where these archangels expunged?

My geospatial mind does try and look for environmental markers, because one of Paradise Lost’s greatest strengths is it’s ability to physicalise the ‘unknowable’ and build a model of a universe, with directional markers and dimensions.

In Miltons universe, there is Chaos, which is essentially ‘everything’, at the top of this is heaven, which is described as having a circumference.

Hanging not far from this is paradise (Eden) beneath one of the walls of heaven.

Directly below encompassing much of the centre is the realm of Chaos.

Directly below this is Hell.

After the second fall, and humans are cast out of paradise, God actually raises this Eden up into heaven. So Paradise is the new heaven, whereas before it was outside it, a separate creation.

In Celtic / Saxon mythology the technical idea of a ‘heaven’ is like in Milton’s, simply the seat of gods, not an afterlife for humans. These versions of a ‘Paradise’ are like Eden in Paradise Lost, an ‘Otherworld’. However, there are contradictions, as in many there is no real hell, in some this concept is separate or it’s the same thing.

My geospatial mind feels that FD has constructed a Robert Holdstock area of ‘Edens’ and ‘Hells’. This sits below the tree Yggdrasil which stretches up far above, in whose upper realms does reside the ‘upper gods’. Far below close to Pandemonium is a focal point of ‘lower gods’. This area is effectively the Lost Realms zone.

This brings together multiple mythologies into a logical abstract notion.

Is Raxxla within this area? Obfuscated between other Edens?

Or if FDs ‘Milton’ reference in the recent Brookes Tours is accurate, then they are describing Eden when it hung from the walls of heaven. Similar to the first line in the codex, the jewel that burns upon the brow.

Within the current ‘abstract’ construct then, does Raxxla actually reside below the Lost Realms area, or does it sit upon its outer rim?

Does the area of the Lost Realms like John Miltons heaven, have a metaphorical boundary, a wall. Is this the hypothetical ‘mountains’ area?

If so, then does Raxxla sit relative in position to where Eden was hung from the walls of heaven. From that point of the fall of Satan?

Note there exists a system in game called Fall. If we link this with Pandemonium, it does align with the path between Demeter and Persephone. If this is the ‘correct’ location of the ‘fall’, ought we extrapolate this path downwards?

Oddly (?) these paths do follow the alignment of Yggdrasil in my opinion, they go right through the Lost Realm zone, and far below align with ‘Njoror’, an interesting Nordic deity linked potentially to the root Irish/old English language attributed to ‘paradise’, or ‘north’!

Not far off this location is the system Otohime, this is a Japanese Princess from the story folktale of Urashima Tarō, a story Micheal Brooke’s used for one of his Drabbles!!! Technically this is another example of a Lost Realm, where a person travels to an Otherworld.





Again as I have pointed out, this mystery utilities numerous sources, many with conflicting contexts, many with exact dimensions. It’s equally logical to presume, such theories are totally unrelated and Raxxla might not be anywhere near here, and these Lost Realms are simply a brilliant Easter Egg.

I have recently reached out to FD Support and presented all of my findings. To which they simply responded with a ‘no comment’.

Ought we look instead to highlight and have championed this Holdstock Easter Egg (irrelevant of Raxxla), what attention might this elicit, if it were intentional, ought it be getting some press coverage, or do FD not wish it to be highlighted because we’re actually right?

I suspect the path of the Brookes Tours has been intentionally placed to direct players attention to a set of systems which form a triad of goddesses. If you follow the mythological links between these and other systems, they do lead towards Avalon, and an area on the outermost rim of Yggdrasil. This is part of the Lost Realms zone.

My theory of the first leg of the tour is that it is not too intentionally leading us towards Raxxla, but it is a nudge, that we are upon the correct path. Something is in this area!





Again this general area also corresponds to the hypothetical path of the Sampo!

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10125313
Last edited: Mar 30, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian