Louis Calvert
Oct 30, 2023
#31,847
Ruby_Empress said:
From what i've read when fleet carriers launched, you could buy astronomical data from systems. even the permit locked ones.
a survey was concluded on all the systems and the only system of all the permit locked ones that met all the criteria for the existance of a hidden station was lft 509.
You can read more about this here:
LFT 509 and Witch's Reach - A call to identify the factions that issue the permits to these two systems (if any such faction exists)
LFT 509 and Witch's Reach - A call to identify the factions that issue the permits to these two systems (if any such faction exists) Factions and Systems within (TBD) light years of LFT 509 3) Once the list of factions in #2 has been established, we can then rule out any factions that...
Furthermore different from polaris in witch i was told that is not acessible a this time due to the permit not existing, i received a rather cryptic response from fdev thru the support channels in regards to LFT 509 permit



Now. if this system was just some random system like any other there would be no reason not to inform the permit holder and "requisites".
thus my idea that one canno simply stumble into raxxla itself but has to rather make ther journey thru the dark wheel
Thanks for this info Interesting indeed. I searched my old notes and found this post from reddit, which includes the "honest not hacked guv" LFT 509 system map, does that match what people got from the carrier bug?

Your support reply is very strange. In the past have they been pretty clear about what is and isn't possible to get? I've seen several times references to Fdev outright saying when a permit isn't yet accessible.

LFT 509 is only 53ly from Sol - within the conceptual radius for an "early days" station, and on the leaks there's a gas giant with 8 moons (ish) - is there anything else to suggest the system is significant?

Just playing devil's advocate: There are 15 systems within 30ly of Sol which have Gas Giants with 8 moons. Beyond that radius I didn't look, but 8th moons aren't too uncommon. (Lacaille 8760 7 H , LHS 380 B 7 H, LP 816-60 4 H & 5 H, Struve 1321 A 4 h, LHS 3531 4 h , Carener AB 1 h, LAWD 96 2 h, LHS 417 6 h, NLTT 55164 1 h, Arangorii A 2 h, Minmar 9 h, CPD-28 332 ABC 1 h, V374 Pegasi A 3 h & A 4 h, Wolf 1329 3 h, Kappa-1 Ceti 1 h.)

But, I am in the bubble currently and I'm always up for getting permits to places, so if you've got any ideas I'm happy to give it a go

Edit so as not to make another reply: Just checked more notes: around the 8th moon of a gas giant in Shinrarta there's a "tourist beacon" that says this:

Officially, the Pilots' Federation is apolitical: as an organisation it does not interfere with the internal workings of systems or factions. However this official stance is a misnomer. The PF wields considerable power through its web of political contacts as well as the application of the bounty system and control of the ship and station embedded systems.

It also uses a lot of soft power by providing pilot safety support throughout human space.

There are also known cliques within the PF (The Dark Wheel is probably the most famous) that have their own agendas. Officially these are discouraged, but in an organisation so large they are tolerated as long as they don't overstep the mark.
In many ways, Shinrarta better matches the location of the Dark Wheel. It's 64ly from Sol (reachable in the early days, but very far). It's got (a/the) Dark Wheel faction origin there, you can only get there if you're Elite, there's a bunch of "secret" info there about the PF and the Dark Wheel...

Assuming the Dark Wheel has really existed (as it says in the codex) since the early days to interstellar travel, then a system like Shinararta might be what you get after a thousand years.

I guess that's what I mean when I asked what else about LFT 509 is suggestive of the Dark Wheel location?
Last edited: Oct 30, 2023
Reactions:
Ian Doncaster, EdzUp, Jokerman and 2 others