Rochester
Dec 15, 2023
#32,514
selbie said:
Agreed they might just be a planet-themed landscape, or they could be pointing to a location
I'm interpreting it as a star (centre) occulted by a planetary system?
View attachment 378209
The other aspects are the trees, as well as the plinth / park bench objects highlighted. There are also 10 lights around the 'star' - stellar mass?
It could be that image relates to one particular system and is a map.

The furthest circle to the right could be the target eg the planet and or moon aka Raxxla; the central circle is the star system it’s in, the circle to the left area identifies the galactic area.

The trees might act as reference points. Eg they are 4 trees inside the first circle, these are then around the second. 6 trees are inside the second circle, then they surround the third.

Now this is pattern bias because I’m reading Milton; but that first circle turned on its side could represent a Miltonian model, eg Hell, Chaos and the Empyrean at the top, paradise just below it!

Maybe that big tree is Yggdrasil… not sure about those bushes though… (Thorn bushes)?

Any horticulturalists out there who could identify these?



If the first circle identities the location (Miltonian model above); I might presume we are looking at a blue star with 4 bodies, or a white star with 1 large water world or gas giant, with 4 moons.

One of these is a large water world, or a blue gas giant, potentially with a ring system and possibly 1 or 6 moons?

Being suspicious, it is not outside the laws of probability that FD has seeded ‘multiple’ environmental clues in game. I am certain M Brookes has already dropped several indirect hints over the years, one such example being his Drabbles, another could be these gardens?

If that picture is relevant then the system holding Raxxla, if a standard system might have some link to water.

In Paradise Lost, Milton’s pendant world was incased in a Crystalline Sphere, although it had a physically hard exterior, solid enough for Satan to walk upon. It was essentially made of a crystalline water or sea, the Jasper Sea, so I suspect some aspects may have a link to waters.

Thread 'Miltonian Model Universe Found in game'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/miltonian-model-universe-found-in-game.623284/

The system where the image had been taken was HIP 18390, however it is significantly distant from any of the currently identified speculative areas.



A quick search online however of ‘Garden City’ shows multiple photos in various docks, and in many is this garden layout (amongst others) so I would presume if it were a clue it is not a unique situation but is intentionally and procedurally prolific, they also predate the Codex.

The question: is that layout an actual clue?



Last edited: Jun 24, 2024
Reactions:
selbie