CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Mar 22, 2023
#29,505
SergMx said:
Time has nothing to do with it.

P.S. And I don't really know what you're talking about, there's a network of guards. It is represented by guardian beacons.
Last I checked, our ships don't generate power on the scale of billions of suns - Wormhole FAQ from the Chandra Space Telescope team

So, in order to hold a wormhole open long enough for space travel, an incredible amount of negative energy would be required. For example, it has been estimated that to create a wormhole with a diameter one millionth the size of a proton, wormhole engineers would need negative energy equivalent in magnitude to the energy generated by ten billion suns in one year. As you can see, this would be a very expensive way to travel!

Think for a moment about how absolutely massive most our ships are - nevermind fleet carriers and megaships.

Space-time otherwise known as the fabric of the universe ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spacetime ). Even creating a blackhole requires fairly insane amounts energy and mass in a suitably small region. All I am saying, is your power plant may run your ship but it doesn't generate anything close enough to open a tunnel in space between systems. Something else is doing that.

Elite's Universe is based on hard science fiction which means most choices when implementing the game were at least partly informed based upon actual science, physics, chemistry, geology, etc.

David Braben said "obviously the previous games have been big influences, but I've been a science fiction fan for a very long time and I've always liked the harder end of science fiction where there's a lot more justification behind the way things happen."

Michael Brookes said "you have to imagine what the world could be like in 1000 years time. That's not as easy as you might think. There's things which you think might go easily, nanotechnology or whatever, but it may not turn out so we've actually got quite a dark world which I think is quite nice. I'm not a fan of utopia based science fiction in the future."
Last edited: Mar 22, 2023