Rochester
Mar 23, 2023
#29,520
We’re just assuming ’Astrophel’ (Phil) is a reference to Astrophel and Stella. It could likely just mean ‘star lover’.

Then you have the context, ‘Princess Astrophel’ ergo female and of royal decent.

Astrophel is essentially a male alias first constructed and used by Philip Sidney, he being the ‘star lover’ and Stella (Lady Penelope) being his love.

The confusion over phel / phil is not an issue of interpretation, it’s due to a typographical error when the poem was published, it’s generally accepted to be one word just spelt differently in different volumes. The context remains the same, it’s a male derived name.

The sonnets have been interpreted by many to be a numerical allusion to Homers Odyssey as the number of Penelopes suitors of which there were 108, is the same number of songs; the similarities to Lady Penelope and Homers Penelope, and remember, Odysseus returned home in disguise as a beggar, he essentially was a vagabond !

However, its also a rather saucy text (the context is lost in modern translation, but there’s a lot of naughty stuff in there), not really applicable for a younger audience (granted such context may be lost). And John Milton was more to M Brookes liking, by all accounts Milton didn’t like Sidney much, but the two did have some family entanglement after Sidney’s death, particularly regards Mary Sidney who actually was a big deal at that time, more so than her brother….

In my opinion ‘Princess Astrophel’ is either a reference to the Odyssey or it’s a role reversal, as it’s a male prefix, Astrophel / Astrophil being a play on word for Phillip… Princess ergo female, the sister of Philip Sidney?

I suspect it’s actually a reference to ‘Mary Sidney’ his little sister, for whom Sidney wrote her a children’s story… Arcadia.

Mary, was also an exponent of Christian mysticism, magic and astrology. She was also a close friend, patron and admirer of Dr. John Dee. So generally she’s far more interesting than her brother…

You might think ‘Stella’ is deep with allegorical references, but by Jove, Arcadia is riddled with it… plus it has pirates and hidden treasure…and multiple references to Delphi…and especially one particular muse who was heavily referenced by Milton in Paradise Lost!

But we’ve been here before; it’s possible it’s an allusion to something totally different or a red herring or it’s a reference to an in game female character?

Keep digging O7
Last edited: Apr 29, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae, SergMx, Killerskullmk and 1 other person