CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Mar 23, 2023
#29,518
Jorki Rasalas said:
(In particular “I would say clearly, any attempt to reconcile the main narrative of Elite (original) with Elite Dangerous beyond how it is already connected is only an exercise in personal canon”, so Raxxla in ED may (IMHO highly likely to) be very different from the original novella
While I am aware of that my methods have their doubters, I was able to locate Veliaze, Vetitice (first Coriolis is built in modern-day Facece), and and the Imperial name for Alioth (Quphieth). I believe that means there is enough there to continue onwards. I alone have to understand the "magic" that makes it work. The acceptance of my detractors is fortunately not required.

Jorki Rasalas said:
(Mmm, I never played them, so what hints are there to Raxxla/TDW in the lore of Frontier: Elite 2 and Frontier First Encounters
Welcome to club on that point. This is my first Elite game. I just studied - a lot. Beyond having managed to acquire all the rare copies of Holdstock's works, I studied Frontier gazetteer and First Encounters journals. I would strongly recommend the website: http://www.dream-ware.co.uk/ . There is still a lot of work on decoding the past (e.g. still trying to figure out the role of Jackson's Lighthouse before it became the lighthouse as that happened in 2672). The gazetteer is quite useful but is confusing due to some systems having two entries but most don't. The journals more provide additional information once a story arc is confirmed to a degree in Elite Dangerous.

The problem that we all face is the following:
Core lore: 3100s - 3300s (Elite - Elite Dangerous), books, Elite Encounters RPG, and Elite Dangerous RPG
GalCop/Faraway Era - 2800s - 3100s (largely found in Frontier and First Encounters)
Old Worlds Coalition (2400s - 2800s) - Elite (especially maps from that era, Frontier, First Encounters, Elite Encounters RPG
Mythical era (anything before human spaceflight to 2400s). Most everything from this era is matter of piecing it all together with only occasional cases of certainty.
In other words, anything Raxxla and to a degree TDW related involve guesswork, putting fragments together, and then trying to see if it gets you anywhere.
Last edited: Mar 23, 2023