Han_Zen
Apr 14, 2023
#29,941
Jorki Rasalas said:
Well, since we’ve diverted (hopefully only briefly! ) from the Quest for Raxxla onto lore discussions, let’s clarify by considering a current event. Yesterday, 13 April, Galnet published two “news items” on the outcome of the combat in the Tavgi system, between Caine-Massey’s partner Tavgi Blue Life Inc versus Torval Mining Ltd, over the hunt for the alleged assassin of Caine-Massey’s former CEO.

Both sides are claiming victory in the battle, and both sides are claiming to have the suspect in custody. We, as participants in the ED universe, cannot know which side to believe because the gods-view absolute truth is being intentionally obfuscated. This just reinforces that NPCs in the game can, and do, lie. You have to be very careful what you believe, and ideally base that belief on things you can verify for yourself, or (less reliably) on multiple supporting sources within game (but they could still be mistaken/lying).

We are now in 3309. Now Raxxla was first brought to our attention in a novella written hundreds of years ago. That novella claimed that there is a mysterious planet named Raxxla which is controlled by a group of evil elites and which has on its surface an alien gateway to other universes with consequent treasures. Wisely in the current era we suspect, since there is no corroboration, that this is mere ancient storytelling myth.... however we do have a few religious sayings handed down from God (almighty Braben) and his angels (including archangel Michael) which we believe to be gospel & I have posted these sayings several times in this thread. I shall repost this holy writ, in the hope of gaining Braben’s favour and receiving further illumination. However I’ve made no sacrifices ( other than that of time, vainly trying to find clues in another more recent novel “And Here The Wheel” but finding the universe is significantly different from what it described), but I did have a rather nice lamb tagine with couscous for dinner last night, with a couple of sacred brandies..

we about Raxxla, :

(MB) “It’s in the Milky Way” and “you have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious so people know what they’re doing”

Q: founder's world name?...Shinrarta Dezhra... I'm a tiny little bit disappointed they didn't call it Raxxla - A: (MB) “Raxxla is something different”

(MB) “FD did look at a story involving Raxxla, but felt that was a story that should be played out in game rather than as a novel”

(MB) “It’s something in the game world (not text) and very hard to find”

(MB) “It’s not a random thing”

(MB) “Anyone can find it, and more than once”

(Allen Stroud) “it is a topic within the Alien lore book”

(DB) “Does Raxxla exist? There’s an interesting one. What a silly question. Of course....you don’t know it is though!”


MB’s “Anyone can find it, and more than once” I find very significant. Not “can find it when the permit is opened” or “when the end game is reached”. IMHO it definitely indicates we can find it NOW!

If you include Ascorbius’ uncorroborated report (but IMHO believable) that Michael Brookes said at a closed Q&A (probably Lavecon17) the system where Raxxla is located had been visited and honked but Raxxla was not detected...then Raxxla be found ...


There is more holy writ, with some pictures and a strange diagram given to us in The Codex, widely available to all pilots, but sadly my studies of it have not led me to Enlightenment, and I suspect some of it may be somewhat misleading.

Now, can we return to the Quest?
Click to expand...
Didn't DB say something along the lines of 'it might be easier to find if more people scan for it' ?

Cant find the source for it.
Reactions:
Rochester