Jorki Rasalas
Sep 21, 2020
#19,001
PeteACarter said:
He cant be a patsy. We dont know his middle name. All patsys are known by 3 names. Most famous example Lee Harvey Oswald. If he had of really done it, nobody would have known his middle name was Lee. The feds are essentially CIA ancestors so would surely follow this tradition

Assassins have to have a middle name you mean? Like John Wilkes Booth!

Oswald....did you see the programme on UK tv a while ago where they had a former detective team go over the facts of the JFK assassination (as known) & available video recordings. Seem to remember their conclusion was that the bullet that killed Kennedy did not come from Oswald’s gun; it came from the wrong direction (& maybe wrong calibre? Was a while ago, cant remember it well), but could have come from the gun kept by the Secret Service in the chase car; concluded that on hearing Oswald’s shot it was possible they pulled up their gun which was kept off-safety for speed & they accidentally shot him in their haste. Moral- never hire bodyguards with middle names?

Found two more systems that would fit the Argonautica hypothesis for the alleged toast. Assuming this hypothesis is correct, several of the systems are ~100ly apart so need intermediate jumps and so the game cant be keeping track of consecutive jumps (at gamma release & up till quite recently no ship had 100+ly capability). Might be you have to visit all six destinations within a given time, or a given number of jumps, & maybe in the correct order....Already said a couple of the systems are uninhabited so shouldn’t be a matter of getting allied at all. Mmmm, might be there’s a test at each, the uninhabited systems could be visit a USS or maybe kill a pirate, though didn’t see any until I got to the last system which is an inhabited anarchy with strangely appealing faction description (could TDW be an anarchy? Had assumed until now a cooperative). Might be there are six points all visible from the toast position & have to visit the centroid. Maybe you have to visit all six destinations then ally with the faction who then set a membership test; given an anarchy it’s probably going to be to kill a policeman/good politician mission to check your morals? (Musing over DB’s comment about a secret organisation). Checked with the two variants I figured out so far & one centroid is near to a couple of systems, one of which is Tau Ceti (seems suggestive!).

Just thinking out loud while waiting for coffee and chocolate bar to kick in.... copawlot had another two fits last night so didn’t sleep well & am pretty zonked this morning. Mmm, might have another coffee!!
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, simulacrae, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 2 others