CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 1, 2022
#25,048
I think there is either a hidden message or we are to pay attention to what was excluded. There is another analogue beyond Winking Cat (where wrong or missing letters were important). There is also Church of the Path in the Shibboleth system: https://canonn.science/codex/the-church-of-the-path/

This also goes back to the idea that The Dark Wheel is fundamentally a religious order of Elites within the much larger The Pilots' Federation (and that is a branch of the Elite Pilots' Federation). They communicate frequently via hidden messages very similar to how the Gnostics and Druze communicated to the enlightened members of their community - see https://www.worldhistory.org/Gnosticism/ . By the way, this is the kinds of communication that buried the truth of Mic Turner's origins in the Mic Turner History beacon in Alioth. Truthfully, it is my opinion that The Dark Wheel is actually the Cult of the Far God and Judas Syndicate (thus why the Sacrosanct was hauling stuff for a number of highly influencial corporations) and Alliance worked hard to communicate with the Thargoids. Not all is as it seems. This goes much deeper but now is not the time for that discussion.

A relevant quote for you to think over...

In other words, the universe itself—and the Mind behind it—is insane. Therefore someone in touch with reality is, by definition, in touch with the insane: infused by the irrational.
In essence, Fat monitored his own mind and found it defective. He then, by the use of that mind, monitored outer reality, that which is called the macrocosm. He found it defective as well. As the Hermetic philosophers stipulated, the macrocosm and the microcosm mirror each other faithfully. Fat, using a defective instrument, swept out a defective subject, and from this sweep got back the report that everything was wrong.

Philip K. , VALIS

Jorki Rasalas said:
Well, I’ve been out for dinner, had three glasses of wine and I’m on my second brandy, which won’t be my last tonight...
So I wish you all a Happy, Healthy and Peaceful New Year!
While I still can

Edit:: and what ever happened to part three of the 3307 retrospective???????
Last edited: Jan 1, 2022