CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 28, 2021
#25,042
If this goes the way I think it will, there needs to an agreement. This must be for humanity. There will be full disclosure and this will not be used for power ever again. If we are all of the following: clones/slaves/humans who can shape the galaxy/humanity's devils/humanity's better angels/savior/destroyer this cannot be allowed to happen again. If Raxxla is found, it must be for the sole purpose of the betterment of humanity as a whole. Finding yourself was just as important as finding Raxxla. We are close, we have the timelines to within the year it happened. This will not end the mysteries but it will end the misery.

I have gazed upon Marlin Duval's likely grave ...
I have seen places of unfathomable beauty...
I have seen hell itself ...

It is our choice .. this universe can be our heaven or it can be our hell.

This cycle must never repeat, again.

Tomorrow, I will get together the info on Marlin's Republic. The pirate angle is important but it more comes into play following the demise of Marlin Duval (but it started before she left) - see tourist beacon in Sol re: interplanetary road trip). Tomorrow we start the final phase of locating Raxxla and building a world we all deserve.

By the way, this isn't going to be easy.. Theta Seven was from the system Nemorensis happened in: Baltah'Sine (which means we have another alien manipulating humans and a very ticked off artificial intelligence from the very end of Nemorensis coming to play soon).

----

Theta Seven’s Identity Discovered

ACT has revealed the background of the man known only as Theta Seven, the NMLA’s de facto leader who recently died in the Mudhrid system. Captain Saskia Landau gave this statement to the media:

“A combination of investigative work and interrogating NMLA survivors has allowed us to confirm that Theta Seven’s real name was John Tyburn. He was born and raised in the city of Fontaine on the planet Baltah’Sine, where he was a munitions technician constructing demolition charges for commercial mining.”

“There is evidence that Tyburn was always a vocal believer in Marlinism, and became a pro-democracy campaigner. This eventually caused him to lose his job and serve a prison sentence for sedition. His Imperial citizenship was revoked, his marriage annulled and his children taken into state care.”

“Upon release, Tyburn was contacted by the NMLA and radicalised to the Neo-Marlinist cause. He produced portable explosives for terrorist actions, and rose rapidly in their ranks.”

“It was Tyburn’s proposal to develop caustic enzyme bombs capable of damaging a starport, but his experimentation on these weapons resulted in injuries and corrosive scarring. They only became a reality following a workable design commissioned from the engineer Liz Ryder without her knowledge of its purpose.”

First Minister Octavia Volkov of the Marlinist Colonies commented:

“It’s unsettling to learn that this arch-terrorist grew up in the same place as I did and had similar experiences. John Tyburn might easily have been my fellow refugee from the Empire, or perhaps helped us form our republican society. This does not excuse his crimes, but it’s all too clear how political persecution can give rise to monsters.”
Attachments
3e1f1b92d244d746cb699d3d31b9c537.jpg
187.3 KB · Views: 92
Last edited: Dec 28, 2021
Reactions:
Thwarptide