CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 4, 2022
#25,059
This is almost complete and utter garbage. Rewrite coming this week showing when each colony would have been founded. We just likely went from Mayflower 97 is maybe canon to the story to the idea that it is literally the only viable means Raxxla was found (as well as the only viable means Achenar was colonized). I was Canonn Science's golden boy but my time there was troubled because I had a habit of being able see holes in theories and burned many a theory about Raxxla into sweet oblivion. All it took was one singular fact to wreck an entire line of thinking. This has several key elements:

We know Galnet agrees with First Encounters gazette that Mayflower 97 departs in 2097:

COLONY SHIP DETECTED
S.L.A.M

Astronomers using Excessively Long Baseline Interferometry (ELBI) to conduct a survey of distant radio sources believe that they may have detected the "Mayflower 97" slower-than-light colony ship, which was launched from orbit around Luna in 2097.

ELBI remains a somewhat inexact science, because receiving stations are placed so far apart that considerations of simultaneity become an issue in interpreting the results, but the patterns received by the Distant Radio Survey group do indeed appear to show radio emissions characteristic of a Bussard ramjet moving with a relativistic velocity of almost 60% of the speed of light. The "Mayflower 97" carried nearly a thousand passengers and crew, plus domestic animals and extensive gene banks to aid in the colonisation of Earth-like worlds which were presumed to exist around nearby stars.

Archaeological evidence suggests that it did indeed successfully reach its first port of call at Tau Ceti, but the fate of both ship and crew thereafter was unknown until now.

The ship's tremendous speed in real space makes it Impractical to attempt a rendezvous, so the "Mayflower" will presumably be left to continue on its way, bearing with it any descendants of its original complement.

Source: http://www.dream-ware.co.uk/first-encounters/journals/all/

----
Galactic News: Generation Ships

19 AUG 3302

Continuing our popular series on significant episodes from human history, noted historian Sima Kalhana discusses generation ships.

"Before the development of faster-than-light travel, colonising distant star systems was a profoundly difficult proposition. For the people of the 21st Century, the answer was the generation ship. These vast interstellar arks, equipped with everything needed to sustain human life, were crewed by multiple successive generations – pioneers who were born, lived and died aboard a starship."

"The first generation ship was launched in 2097, and in the centuries that followed, many more set off into the vastness of space. Most of these ambitious expeditions were funded by large corporations, and the penalties for interfering with them were severe, given the enormous cost of mobilising them."

"At the time of writing, there are believed to be somewhere in the region of 70,000 generation ships coursing through the galaxy. The approximate location of most of these ships has been calculated, but not all are accounted for. Many of the corporations that funded the original generation ships have now been dissolved or assimilated by other organisations, so it is difficult to determine exactly who is responsible for some of these vessels."

"It has been theorised that some of the original generation ships may soon reach their destinations, but since not all of those destinations are known, it is entirely possible that they could have been colonised while the generation ships were in transit. We can only hope the powers-that-be have a contingency strategy for such a scenario."
Source: https://community.elitedangerous.com/galnet/uid/57b6f0089657ba686d4f8629
---

Mayflower 97 which left in 2097 was funded by Marlin Duval. It founded Tau Ceti, Beta Hydri, Delta Pavonis, Altair, and still had time to found Achenar itself by 2250. In fact, it was the only generation ship ever even capable of reaching Achenar. All the others the listening posts and data stamps establish those only went 0.2-0.25 LY/year. In the 199 years between 2097 and 2296, those could have gotten only 44 LY from their origin point at best. Mayflower 97 at maximum could have covered a distance of 119.4 LY

CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Event
Date
Details
NASA Apollo Program
1961 – 1975
United States of America has the Apollo Program ( https://nssdc.gsfc.nasa.gov/planetary/lunar/apollo.html )
Voyager 2 Launch
08/20/1977
Voyager 2 is launched from Kennedy Space Center @ Cape Canaveral, Florida, United States of America
Voyager 1 Launch
09/05/1977
Voyager 1 is launched from Kennedy Space Center @ Cape Canaveral, Florida, United States of America
New Horizons Launch
01/19/2006
New Horizons is launched from Cape Canaveral’s US Air Force Launch Complex 41































































































































Click to expand...
Reactions:
CMDR Zulu