CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 2, 2022
#25,052
I like the idea especially that its simple and succinct but how did that happen? By all appearances, the spaceship tech was primitive (pre-hyperspace as best I can tell). Though I will say as far as Marlin Duval got from Earth their ships must have been going some significant fraction of lightspeed to get there by 2250. This is why I currently lean towards the idea that is either very near Capella (moons present in system named Duval's Grave and Lawrence's Grave) or very close to Achenar. I unfortunately have no inkling if the Capella moons were Marlin Duval or one of the other myriad of Duval deaths under questionable circumstances. We need something viable but Barnards's loop is crazy far from Earth. The other thing, that is worth mentioning for other explanations that may fit established facts is Mayflower 97 is said in the gazettes to be be capable of 0.6 LY/year and runs on bussard ramjet (this is from First Encounters gazettes at http://www.dream-ware.co.uk/first-encounters/journals/all/ ). If it just dropped colonists at Tau Ceti then Delta Pavonis then went back to full acceleration by 3308 that would place it some 726 LY from Sol. By the way, there is a Galnet that states the same year of departure as Mayflower 97 ( see Galactic News: Generation Ships - https://community.elitedangerous.com/galnet/uid/57b6f0089657ba686d4f8629 ).


Garand1987 said:
I wonder, heck suspect, that everything is likely to be a whole lot more simple than we’ve made it out to be. Given the limitations of the game and the relatively simple nature of previous things that were only made complex by FDvs vaguery coupled with the shear size of the galaxy.
to the point that I wonder if it’s not out by Barnards loop.
“a little bit obvious”, heck Barnards loop has been plastered all over this game, title screen, box art etc since the very beginning.
most everything is hidden somewhere in or around a nebula.
but of course Barnards loop has been explored and nothing reported (until people got to the Horse Head Dark region, found weird stuff, and then it got permit locked).
I am curious tho where the rogue stars from its formation are in game and if they’ve been fully vetted.
Barnards loop was formed from a supernova of one star part of a multi star system. The remaining stars were ejected and are now whipping their way through the galaxy at high speed.




heck AE Aurigae has found it’s way into the “flaming star nebula” and is what lights it. Could be a jewel that burns on the brow and all that.
Click to expand...
Reactions:
CMDR Zulu