DeanCalaway
Apr 23, 2021
#23,022
Spaceman Spiff said:
Sooo.... you are saying that if it was another galaxy, you wouldn't go there? Wouldn't be excited to see what it had to offer?
....Because if you would go, you are saying that Fdev would have a reason to create it....
No.
Like I mentioned before, the way a new galaxy would be generated wouldn't make any discernable difference from the one you have right now, as in you couldn't see the difference other than a different galaxy map layout.
If all the stars, planets and moons follow the same generation rules and the textures applied to them are the same, what good is "a new galaxy" when this one is barely explored as is? The common response to this question is "because it all looks the same" but that would be the same case on a "new" one, rendering it moot.

Plus from a video game development standpoint it makes no sense to have Raxxla be a portal to a whole new galaxy.

I also wanna mention something else on this thread while I'm typing.
Just because looking at files always comes out empty that doesn't mean Raxxla isn't in the game, just take as an example the golden cactus on GTAV.
The normal ones, 27 of them, took the massive GTAV community over a month to find, in what is let's be honest here a very small map VS the Milky Way.
The golden one took MONTHS before it was finally discovered, and even when it was, Rock Star had to add a comment on the code mentioning the user that did found was wrong to start his hunt on a Tuesday, and that is what ultimately led the community to find all 7 and the final boss fight.

All this to say, Raxxla is mystery for over 30 years now, and Frontier has put together some seriously impressive puzzles.
If it took that long for the massive GTAV player base to find some stuff on a tiny map, it stands to reason how Raxxla has avoided discovery all this time if it's hidden away in the Milky Way behind what I imagine to be some very specific trigger steps.
Besides the somewhat reasonable expectation of having to be triple-elite, who knows what else, what places one must visit first, if there is an order behind them, maybe the ship can't have any weapons equipped either for that system to become discoverable.
These are the kinda things I've been having on my mind regarding Raxxla because most of what I see regarding any efforts to find it is very lore-based or trying to follow any subtext, not that those would be out of character, but so often it seems people forget video game logic behind finding hidden secrets.
Reactions:
Ravenl0ft, Vetinari and Rochester