Six6VI
Dec 30, 2019
#14,414
ExoForce said:
There are 12 signs in Rota Fortune. "Each wheel is inside the other, like an onion's peel sits inside another peel, and there is no empty space between them."
SPOILER

"Never attempt to reason with people who know they are right!"
You might like to read that wiki page again, including the paragraph directly above the one you quoted. Rota Fortune is in the outer, ninth wheel beyond the stars in the eighth. The remaining seven we name the days of the week after contain the Moon first, the geocentric model that's still used for mundane astrology.

Each planet visible at the time sat in it's own ring, suggesting the onion is rotated at 90 deg to the eclyptic.

SPOILER

Even though this model was essentially wrong, it was based on accurate data and predictions could be made using highly innovative, complex and somewhat out of place 'computers' in the 2nd century BC! At some point stellar observation and divination diverged from their alchemical and cosmology origins.

SPOILER

Despite the propensity of the earth signs to dismiss it for lack of tangible evidence this concept persists as an underlying, global theme. Kings, queens and high priests all had their viziers and sages to advise them on the wisdom of the heavens and if the big money is betting on it, it might be wise to listen close.

By far the most important point is the Ascendant, the Solar bow shock as Earth turns to face the Sun and if you do the math, (24 x 60 =) 1440 minutes / 360 degrees the eastern terminator is moving at one degree every four minutes and yes, several people have pondered the meaning of every single degree.

Fortune can be unreliable, until you can get your head around cycles that range from 240 seconds, to 666 hours to 7, 12, 29.5 or 25,000 years and much, much longer. How does that help us find Raxxla? It may help us narrow the search field to know who the guilty parties are so we can search their houses.

On that note, I'm taking my re-engineered Viper VI to a conflict zone to push it, and my luck to it's limit!

SPOILER

Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, [PS4] Filthymick420 and Hanerib