Jorki Rasalas
Dec 29, 2019
#14,401
Frank said:
There are a few of us working on this. It's a long hard slog, and the main thing the Discord tries to make clear is that it's not to trigger the Graveyard. We don't want anybody's hopes up. The goal of shifting the THS to Tionisla is to... shift the THS to Tionisla

Personally I'm sure there will be the Graveyard in Tionisla. It is so much part of the Elite lore. I don't think our efforts with the BGS will influence FDev's decision to put it there one way or the other. But there's going to be a major update to the game soon, and that would be an ideal time for new features

I would definitely like to see the graveyard in-game, but I don’t think it could be anything like the lore: “tumbling remains of monuments, ancient ships tethered to enormous markers; great lumps of metal, with the words and symbols still visible after untold centuries in the vacuum. It was a bizarre and otherworldly sight. The markers were rarely less than a hundred metres across. There were corroded chrome-alloy crosses, titanium stars and duralium henges. All the strange symbolic shapes of all the worlds, minds and faiths that had come to die in this ancient mausoleum.....A great crystalline structure, a puff-ball of diamond-bright needles, easily a hundred metres across. Within it, she could just see a body, dressed in a red military-style uniform, hovering in stasis at the centre of the great construct, illuminated by focussed light from the Tionisla star.” (Elite Premonition)
“The first thing you see is a shimmering, silver disc, a double spiral of tiny bright points. It slowly turns: it's a galaxy in miniature, with the same intense blur of light at its centre, because here is where the biggest tombs are to be found.
Come closer and soon you can see that the stars in this galaxy are markers, great lumps of metal, heavily inscribed with the words and symbols of a thousand religions. The cemetery is a bizarre and moving sight. The markers are rarely less than a thousand feet across. There are chrome-alloy crosses, titanium
Stars of David, duralium henges, and all the strange symbolic shapes of the worlds, and the minds and the faiths that have come to die in this Star traveller's special place.
Tethered below this vast, rotating mausoleum is the dodecahedral shape of a 'Dodo' class space station, the home of the Cemetery Authorites. (Elite: The Dark Wheel)

FD seem to have resolved the instancing limitations to an extent for salvageable wreckage fields, but even then there’s only a fairly small number of parts, not thousands. I fear this may be a wish that never gets granted, even at this time of year.

Edit: the best you might expect is a tourist beacon that says something like “unfortunately due to incessant raids by pirates salvaging the precious metals and other materials during the Tionisla recycling war of 3305 the Orbital Graveyard no longer exists”.
Last edited: Dec 29, 2019
Reactions:
simulacrae, Hanerib, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person