Frank
Dec 29, 2019
#14,402
Jorki Rasalas said:
I would definitely like to see the graveyard in-game, but I don’t think it could be anything like the lore: “tumbling remains of monuments, ancient ships tethered to enormous markers; great lumps of metal, with the words and symbols still visible after untold centuries in the vacuum. It was a bizarre and otherworldly sight. The markers were rarely less than a hundred metres across. There were corroded chrome-alloy crosses, titanium stars and duralium henges. All the strange symbolic shapes of all the worlds, minds and faiths that had come to die in this ancient mausoleum.....A great crystalline structure, a puff-ball of diamond-bright needles, easily a hundred metres across. Within it, she could just see a body, dressed in a red military-style uniform, hovering in stasis at the centre of the great construct, illuminated by focussed light from the Tionisla star.” (Elite Premonition)
“The first thing you see is a shimmering, silver disc, a double spiral of tiny bright points. It slowly turns: it's a galaxy in miniature, with the same intense blur of light at its centre, because here is where the biggest tombs are to be found.
Come closer and soon you can see that the stars in this galaxy are markers, great lumps of metal, heavily inscribed with the words and symbols of a thousand religions. The cemetery is a bizarre and moving sight. The markers are rarely less than a thousand feet across. There are chrome-alloy crosses, titanium
Stars of David, duralium henges, and all the strange symbolic shapes of the worlds, and the minds and the faiths that have come to die in this Star traveller's special place.
Tethered below this vast, rotating mausoleum is the dodecahedral shape of a 'Dodo' class space station, the home of the Cemetery Authorites. (Elite: The Dark Wheel)

FD seem to have resolved the instancing limitations to an extent for salvageable wreckage fields, but even then there’s only a fairly small number of parts, not thousands. I fear this may be a wish that never gets granted, even at this time of year.

Edit: the best you might expect is a tourist beacon that says something like “unfortunately due to incessant raids by pirates salvaging the precious metals and other materials during the Tionisla recycling war of 3305 the Orbital Graveyard no longer exists”.
Click to expand...

I know that the original Kickstarter novels were vetted by FDev. I would assume that "Premonition" had to go through a similar, more likely even stricter, process. They could well have read Drew's words and thought "we can do that!"<grin>

I'm in the middle of reading "Wanted" at the moment. One thing that surprised me about the book was that it described features of the game that weren't going to be implemented for years. Maybe I won't get my Christmas Wish next year. But my fingers remain crossed
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, simulacrae and Hanerib