Jorki Rasalas
Oct 22, 2018
#4,044
ModishNouns said:
The Rift story line insofar is it was packaged as a set of clues leading to the remnants of the Dynasty Expedition ended with the death of Salomé but that's not a very satisfactory conclusion to the wider mystery of the region. As Rebecca put it (perhaps channeling Roy Batty), "Let's just say there was some serious sh:t out there, stuff you wouldn't believe."

There are two permit locks way out on the rim on the other side of the Rift for a start.

Edit: I don't think there is currently, pre 3.3, anything more to find there but I would be surprised if the region isn't revisited.

I agree that there was a lot more mileage (pun intended!) in the FRift storyline, with the non-existent beacons and terraforming kit that the FRift ships were supposed to be dropping, but it looks like this was just DW’s baby and FD lost interest, leaving a load of very frustrated FRifters (we should form a squadron!), me included. I think the goids were originally due to come out of Bovomit; there are clear hints in the FRift site messages that ‘something evil’ was supposed to haunt that area of space, but then FD seem to have moved the goids out to Col70 area for some reason (around the time of Jaques’ misjump to Colonia, though I don’t think there is a direct linkage between these events). It might be that FD will resurrect the FRift/Bovomit arc at some stage (I suspect at least two more civilisations eventually), and I would not try to discourage anyone from periodically checking this area out. But I can’t see Raxxla and the FRift ever being connected in any way, other than the FRift/Zurara/Dynasty Conspiracy was Salomé’s story and she got involved with the Children of Raxxla as a means to extend her power base; there seems to me to be no other connection whatsoever. As Jaiotu points out DW was told by FD to keep away from the Raxxla storyline; they probably did not want to get their own version muddied up with his version from the Oolite books.

I do suspect that Raxxla is hidden by a permit lock and a breadcrumb trail should lead to unlocking the permit, but I also suspect that Raxxla is much closer to the bubble than the FRift.
Reactions:
ModishNouns