Edelgard von Rhein
E
Oct 24, 2018
#4,053
fre3000 said:
Did anyone else notice the part from Elite: The Dark Wheel when Rafe says "He came back from Deep Space to get a proper team together . . . " when talking about Jason Ryder. This means that the evidence for Raxxla was out in the black. I'm not saying that Raxxla is out there. I'm saying that evidence to for it's existence is out there.

Great Hunt BTW even if other people claim Raxxla to not be in elite yet but I still find the hunt to be exhilarating, even if its all for naught!
This is a very important point.
There are some historical facts that are canon (at least at the time of Drew's lore articles and there was a summary of Hyperdrive tech in Galnet that should still be canon) that are worth mentioning again here:
Raxxla was a myth even in the early 32nd Century.
Interstellar travel was accomplished in that time by the Faraway jump lanes and riskier hyperdrives (used by some Generation Ships, amongst others).
The Faraway network of jump lanes had to be built up through normal space travel - it took centuries to set up.
This often leads me to think that Raxxla, or the clues to its existence found by Jason Ryder, had been around and discoverable before the early 32nd Century. The original discoverers of Raxxla would therefore have had to encounter it by one of three methods:
During the construction of the Faraway jump lane network.
After a hyperspace jump by a large ship (possibly a Generation Ship).
Through a misjump.
A misjump is uncontrolled and probably not repeatable. In either of the other two cases, there would be something to aim for.
When Jason Ryder talked about putting an expedition together, there would have been some objective to aim for and possibly something that he, an Elite pilot though he was, could not accomplish alone. There is also a line in The Dark Wheel about unaccompanied hyperspace jumps that springs to mind (though it might not be canon) that says something like it being exceptionally dangerous to jump beyond 0.1 LY but that up to that distance it was fairly safe. That often makes me think that Raxxla, or evidence for it, might actually be lurking in the Bubble up to 0.1 LY from one of the systems connected to the Faraway network. If that is the case, this is a clue that might be discoverable with the new scanning mechanics in 3.3. If Raxxla or the evidence for it required a longer hyperspace jump, though, then it could be anywhere - the range of the Galactic Hyperdrives is unknown.