HunterwithGreenScales
Oct 25, 2018
#4,056
Edelgard von Rhein said:
This is a very important point.
There are some historical facts that are canon (at least at the time of Drew's lore articles and there was a summary of Hyperdrive tech in Galnet that should still be canon) that are worth mentioning again here:
Raxxla was a myth even in the early 32nd Century.
Interstellar travel was accomplished in that time by the Faraway jump lanes and riskier hyperdrives (used by some Generation Ships, amongst others).
The Faraway network of jump lanes had to be built up through normal space travel - it took centuries to set up.
This often leads me to think that Raxxla, or the clues to its existence found by Jason Ryder, had been around and discoverable before the early 32nd Century. The original discoverers of Raxxla would therefore have had to encounter it by one of three methods:
A misjump is uncontrolled and probably not repeatable. In either of the other two cases, there would be something to aim for.
When Jason Ryder talked about putting an expedition together, there would have been some objective to aim for and possibly something that he, an Elite pilot though he was, could not accomplish alone. There is also a line in The Dark Wheel about unaccompanied hyperspace jumps that springs to mind (though it might not be canon) that says something like it being exceptionally dangerous to jump beyond 0.1 LY but that up to that distance it was fairly safe. That often makes me think that Raxxla, or evidence for it, might actually be lurking in the Bubble up to 0.1 LY from one of the systems connected to the Faraway network. If that is the case, this is a clue that might be discoverable with the new scanning mechanics in 3.3. If Raxxla or the evidence for it required a longer hyperspace jump, though, then it could be anywhere - the range of the Galactic Hyperdrives is unknown.

I've poked at this theory before. My belief then and now is: If there is in game evidence of Raxxla's existence (other then the location it self). I propose "Jason's evidence" is a planetary settlement location on some unknown planet out far from the bubble. Due to its age it likely would look something like the INRA bases decayed state. There could even be data points that clue you in as to what went on there (like every other settlement), however the last data terminal will have been overwritten and copied onto. It will contain instead a message by Jason Ryder (no it won't tell exactly where Raxxla is). The message will simply be used as proof (in game) that Raxxla does indeed exist. The message may even mention a particular sector of the galaxy...