Rochester
Oct 9, 2022
#27,416
Upon the ecliptic in his oblique way.

Currently trying to visually represent the journey of Lucifer within John Miltons Paradise Lost, to assess if this is replicated within game, attempting to identify significant systems in game which M Brookes may have included, which point to Raxxla, taking inspiration from Paradise Lost.

Within this journey Lucifer first sets off from the outer ‘crystalline sphere’ that encapsulated the Milton universe, originating someplace believed to be true north (although this is never confirmed) however Lucifer first descends into our realm via an opening, close to heavens gate, from there he sees all of creation between Aries and Virgo.

He originally descends perpendicularly, then alters course obliquely.

John Milton's <i>Paradise Lost</i>: Satan Winding "his oblique way"
Ecliptic Plane (Image from HyperPhysics ) Despite forays into realms more rectitudinal -- such as rule of law and ruse of cow -- I'm stic...
gypsyscholarship.blogspot.com

Mapping Aries and Libras location in relation to the Tau Ceti 2296 sphere of influence, shows they are within the upper and lower hemispheres, half inside half outside the ‘outer rim’.

* Below: the constellation Aries (left) in blue and Libra (left) shown in green; all systems (Sol at centre) discovered up to 2296 in white; Pandemonium is in red.


Below is the same image but in mono.



Below a sphere of influence, Sol as the centre, exterior set by the furthest discovered systems outlined by the Tau Ceti date 2296.



Below shows the Anemoi the north and south of the Greek winds.



Below is the sphere of influence shifted, so it sits perfectly within the Anemoi pole, whilst encompassing the furthest discovered systems by 2296. The entire group of stars have shifted several degrees.



A series of systems representing the Anemoi; the Greek and Roman Winds (compass) all exist and correlate in game: Boreas = north; Zephyrus = west; Notus = south.

Traditionally there is no agreement on the east of the Anemoi, however many attribute this to being either: Eos or Eurus, but neither of these correlate with N, S or W represent in the Anemoi in game!

Why include them?

*edited: Milton doesn’t utilise them! Likely this pole based on Greek/Roman winds is irrelevant as basically they don’t correlate with Aries and Libra, described as East and West by Milton.

New theory has been established:

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9982685

This could fit with the theory that in John Miltons Paradise Lost, Lucifer either first walked upon the upper hemisphere; or alighted from his ‘viaduct’, or descended into the sphere, at this oblique angle after first descending perpendicularly via the pole.

Milton with some astronomical accuracy provides a definition of Lucifers field of vision, from the apex where he takes in all creation from East to West, North and South.

However, Pandemonium is supposed to be in hell, this, in Milton’s universe is ‘outside’ the sphere within Chaos, also it’s presumed to be at true south… by the games definition this is not the case, nor is it in relation to the Anemoi!

The Anemoi is also not accurate, as the system duplicating East is not in a relative position.

All in all this is most likely another strong case of Apophenia!
Last edited: Oct 30, 2022
Reactions:
simulacrae