Allen Stroud
Oct 9, 2022
#27,417
Jorki Rasalas said:
@Ataxia - interesting hypothesis!

The Formidine Rift was mentioned by at least three of the Elite authors, Drew Wagar, Allen Stroud and John Harper. Which indicates it was a concept defined by FD and was in the “authors’ pack” which they all received, but clearly FD hadn’t explicitly defined at that time where it was. Allen Stroud in Lave Revolution had it between Reorte and Riedquat, so for some reason FD decided to move it way out towards the galactic rim and make it much bigger. Which is suggestive. We had “some discussion” a while ago in this thread about the possibility of FD mixing together the Salomé-Dynasty Plot storyline with the Raxxla storyline, with some former members (the ninja penguin, who and where is he? ) arguing against it. I lean towards that view but not 100% convinced & have myself done a fair amount of searching out that direction. Worth remembering that Drew Wagar said The Club was an idea of David Braben’s...so combining the two storylines might be a bit of reverse logic obfuscation.

I remember out in IC1805 I found & reported a duplicate system-same name but different system bodies, though I think in their wisdom FD ignored it because their stupid Issue Reporting scheme needs several supporters before they’ll look at a problem . And I explored the whole Pha Ain NO-X sector**, in a basic 20-odd ly AspX, in an effort to search for whatever Rebecca had found in Elite Reclamation (didn’t find it, it was the Zurara). Ah, happy days! Before Thargoid Hyperdictions and incoming Far Gods and rheumatic thumbs and tendonitis!

So enjoy testing out your hypothesis, it’s what makes this game still interesting, despite all the grind etc,-it’s why I’m still playing after 7 years and with painful hands.

Edit: ** from Rebecca’s words in Reclamation
“Don’t tell no one, but I got as far as the Formidine Rift, not many folks can say that! No one has gone past it and lived to tell the tale.’
‘The Formid …?’
‘Edge of the galactic arm. Take a line from Reorte to Riedquat to the edge of the arm and … keep going.’ The woman grimaced. ‘Stars thin out, you can see the whole galaxy just hanging there. I took a fancy to going exploring after I lost …’ she paused, a sadness creeping across her face, ‘… had some time to spare. Quiet for the most part, until …’
‘Until what?’
‘Let’s just say there was some serious XXXX out there, stuff you wouldn’t believe.”

Pha=far, Ain=alone, NO-X= no stars
Click to expand...

Not what happened.

The Formidine Rift was Drew's idea. The original concept was to have it extend from one sector to another, with it widening (I believe). Lave Revolution was nearly finished and I think I put the reference in as one of the last tweaks to link it to the concept, which at the time, I thought was pretty cool.

I don't think it ever got mentioned in the guide material at all.

Any development of the rift as an in game concept came after that.

In many respects, there were ways in which fiction author(s) wanted Raxxla to be part of their particular vision. Similar with the location of the Thargoid homeworld, etc. Up until the point I stopped working on anything, there had (AFAIK) been no conversations about linking Raxxla to any specific authorised fiction.

There was an assumption that Michael Brookes' book as a 'spiritual successor to the Dark Wheel' would cover Raxxla content. When it didn't, I think some individuals saw an opportunity for their own work.

Reading the documentation that emerged after this, I'd say they indicate that Frontier's position didn't change with one of their 'crown jewels' despite attempts to publicly hint that it was connected with the Rift and/or other ideas introduced by official authors.
Reactions:
yelboc, Rochester, simulacrae and 6 others