Jorki Rasalas
Apr 3, 2019
#7,197
Six6VI said:
Prior to your edit, this said Cambria, but it's actually Cambridge

The main reason I pointed this out, pages ago, was that in life it's often not what you know, but WHO you know that opens doors to opportunities later in life then proceeded to include several creative thinkers that also went to various colleges within the same university, which can't be all that far from where the current Frontier HQ is located, while London is around 101 kilometres (not Ly) away...

Robert Holdstock appears to be the originator of the term "Raxxla", in a book that was published under a different pen name several years before he again included it in "The Dark Wheel" novella with the original 1984 Elite but there doesn't seem to be any evidence it was inserted on direct instruction from DB. Was it perhaps found in the original draft and approved by DB, missed completely as being relevant at the time or seen prior to publishing and then integrated into David's long term thinking as something that might become critical to much bigger projects three decades into the future?

We just don't know, and short of rifling through DB's garbage, gang stalking or letting the mice cut out his brain and examine it for why "42" is the answer to life, the Universe and everything we find ourselves at something of an impasse. As a bit of a casual creative myself I can attest to the phenomena whereby crazy whackaloon ideas I came up with decades ago have permeated my thinking on an ongoing basis and have a tendency to taint pretty much everything I've come up with since, like the "third rail" of the New York subway. It may be the driving force that supports the entire system.

Sure, there must be clues within the game itself, but lets not discount the possibility that the same creative OCD that eventually reintroduced the Thargoids, has been subconsciously and religiously throwing off hints and tips at where this mythical "Raxxla" thing may or may not be throughout David's entire career. As a current example of things which are hidden (occulted) in plain sight, who knows where the days of the week got their names?

Sun-day and Mo(o)nday, the luminaries should be fairly obvious, and notice the capitalisation of the proper nouns, a linkage to some kind of entity's name. Tuesday is the Norse god of war, aka Aries or Mars in more recognisable pantheons. Wednesday is still called Mercredi in the French language, aka Mercury or Hermes Trismegistus and then we have Thor's day (Zeus / Jupiter), Frig's day (Aphrodite / Venus (sometimes Lucifer)) and Saturn's day (Cronus / Satan (death)).

These constitute the seven heavenly wanderers that are visible from Earth with the naked eye. Thy will be done, on Earth as it is in the Heavens, as above, so below. Hidden in plain sight of *every sentient being that's ever lived on this pale blue dot, immortalised in the days of every week of every year of many people's lives and yet, often completely ignored as relevant to anything.

So, what "" message are we completely overlooking?

David did mention that stations were numbered and it might be worth recording these in a video once but not all of them are visible around the mail slots. Some are, but I've never spotted numbers on any that seem to have names or support the war messages instead.

------
*Edit: I should point out that was right, and planetary orbits do change over long periods of time, longer than a human life span or at least recorded history, we could have a completely incorrect understanding of what we're looking at and there are plenty of unanswered questions about things we take for granted, like . Venus is said to be Earth's sister planet and a shining example of the runaway greenhouse gas phenomena but very few seem to take into account her retrograde rotation as a possible cause, where one complete "day" on this hot little object is actually longer than the "year" period she takes to orbit the Sun. How deeply DB has delved into mysteries such as this is not really known, and neither is the possibility his thinking has been swayed by Sitchin, or the Enki / Enlil mythology that our Moon was towed here by some other species, and hollow.

In short, rigid adherence to "settled" science may not be helping us figure out where to start and could be holding the entire human race back in terms of actually evolving into a space faring species before a similar rock that wiped out the dinosaurs knocks us back to the stone age (again?) or a Vogon demolition ship destroys the planet entirely to make way for an interstellar bypass.

Cases in point:
Click to expand...

And in ED Cambridge has a star port (Salomé landed there on her visit to Earth-see Galnet archive).

But DB did not say “ numbered stations“, the sound track was ambiguous over this but MB clarified in a separate post that he said (or meant to say perhaps) “number stations” which are the UCBs. If you search my previous posts I quoted the MB clarification, couple of months ago I think; seem to remember someone ahd started a thread on “numbered stations” and his response was to that thread.
Reactions:
Six6VI