Shenennigans
S
Apr 2, 2019
#7,190
GURU-951 said:
All the religious sects in the game, that I've noticed, have had a tattoo on their forehead, all religious factions with permits have them.
Some theocratic based PMF's have them too. It's hard to tell what it means.
That would be significant. Facial markings are likely all procedurally generated. It's not like someone at Fdev crafted a face for every contact in every base/station. So if we notice a pattern to the faces that is man-made (especially something so crazily, wildly, game-breakingly important as "religious sects with permits have them"), it would be important just as a reference.

Rochester said:
"Thetis. Significance in The Odyssey: Sea-goddess who is the mother of Achilles. Thetis is mentioned in Book 24 when one suitor tells Achilles that his mother sobbed and mourned for him when she found out he was dead."

Astrophel and Stella is important because as a clue it is telling us to look at the suitors within the Odyssey. The number of sonnets equals the number of suitors.

Of those suitors (as above) with text associated with them, how many reference something which could be a named generation ship?

Not every suitor is detailed so of those that are do those 'references' triangulate a location or something else?
Click to expand...
Well I'll definitely have to brush up on all that, I'm not at all against working the mythology angle more. I know that's everyone's assumption, and as such, a lot of brainpower has been dumped into that already, which is why I was so quick to jump on these Generation Ships. They seem sparsely investigated, I've had far more trouble getting reports of what searches have been conducted already (every other mystery is detailed extensively). I found ONE in-depth report (ironically also on the Thetis) that wasn't completed it seems, and was a bit too picky with which systems it was checking (I think). So much dev time implementing them, so well hidden, all for a few lines of meaningless lore/history? I don't buy it.

Also, anyone else following this, since it's only loosely related to Raxxla (if at all), I'm going to be starting a fresh thread for the coordinated re-investigation of Generation Ships, one at a time, starting with overlaps that seem likely in TDW toast according to my current hypothesis (number 1 will be Thetis and finding the signal). I'm gathering as much relevant data as I can all together in one place, so it isn't so hard to find all the info if you aren't fanatically researching this like me. I'll be posting it in the Discussion channel (unless someone tells me that's the wrong thing to do), and on Reddit, where I'll be coordinating volunteers to search systems. The search will be... encompassing. Time consuming, and thorough. I'm working on a prioritization system to look first in areas that are roughly 15ly away form the Thetis, then in areas between Thetis and Sol. Unfortunately, the lore says specifically that a lot of ships returned to Sol... so we can't assume between Thetis and Sol is where they found the signal.
Reactions:
Six6VI, Rochester and GURU-951