Rochester
Nov 24, 2023
#32,157
Philip Coutts said:
Going to be honest, I think the only book that might have any hints on Raxxla would be the official Michael Brookes one which was Legacy. From what I remember the other authors had access to Frontier and their stories are cannon but I highly doubt Frontier gave them anything on Raxxla to be included. Might just go and re-read Legacy actually.
In addition Brookes Elite Legacy is the only official book which references a ‘children’s story’.

The book is centred on Artemis, but doesn’t really leave that system for anywhere else, and when it does some of the other systems named aren’t actually in the game (?).

One of the main protagonists is also an obvious self-portrait of Brookes, and that characters burial is homaged by FD, within the current Brookes Galactic Tours (RIP).

The book Legacy references Artemis and Demeter; however in myth the two don’t really have a great deal directly in common.

Classically Artemis like Apollo her brother - who was a Sun deity, was a Moon deity (Hecate) and likewise had several, very ancient and diverse origin stories and separate cults, making it complex to draw any direct relationship.

In some texts, such as the Homeric Hymn to Demeter, Artemis was identified as a hand-maiden to Persephone, present amongst others when she was abducted. This might be seen as the most ‘common’ source.

In mythology also there was a link to her being the half sister of Persephone; one such example was a ‘Despoina’, who was thought to be the daughter of Demeter and Poseidon, just as Kore (Persephone) was of Demeter and Zeus, but due to the mysteries, it was forbidden to say Despoina real name, which some reference as being Artemis, however, some likewise see this as just another reference to Persephone - not actually Artemis.

In many of the mysteries, Demeter is confused or attributed due to an absence of textual references, eg interpreted off artworks, to be conflated with Artemis and visa-versa.

Within game as-in Brookes book Legacy, the system Artemis has the following bodies also named after Artemis directly.

‘Laphria’ - is a pre-Greek surname of Artemis ‘Mistress of the Animals’.

‘Agrotera’ - is a surname of Artemis ‘Artemis of the fields’ (not in the book?).

What relevance do these represent, if anything?

So does ‘Legacy’ tell us to look down towards the systems Demeter, Hecate and Persephone?

Because in the Codex we do have the segment about Cora (Kore aka Persephone) coming home drunk and talking of pirates… not something Persephone actually did, but her mother Demeter did…and if you draw a line between the two in game, it does intersect the Lost Realms zone.

The protagonist in Legacy was, like in the tour, jettisoned into space in a retro-fitted cargo pod. In the book this was in the system Artemis, the description of this burial method is strikingly similar to that of ‘Trinkets of hidden fortune’.

Sadly, FD Support did confirm the Trinkets were linked to the PF/DW missions, and that ‘story’, was paused. The trinkets essentially were nought but a curiosity!

Now here’s the rub, those missions got binned before the Codex… so if it’s telling us to look into trinkets - but they are linked to a redundant story - are they likewise defunct, or do they still have some unknown importance?

It’s important to note that the burial method identified, is also similar to those of the Celts/Saxons, where persons were helped upon their afterlife journey to the ‘Otherworld’.

The Lost Realms zone, which I believe is an Easter Egg homage to Robert Holdstock, is a reference to the Celtic/Saxon afterlife, commonly known as the ‘Otherworld’.

I don’t believe the Codex is being directly literal, so another question could be, what metaphorical or allegory references could Legacy also hold?

Is the story giving us specific directions, or does it just describe a general area?
Last edited: Nov 26, 2023
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, Louis Calvert and Darrack