Raz Griffin
Nov 24, 2023
#32,158
Louis Calvert said:
It might well be that Founder's World is a Guardian world, maybe the Exiles(?), that sort of thing, and that's why the PF has locked off access to the Guardian sites, only allowing them to be 'discovered' when the threat of the Thargoids meant that humanity as a while needed a way to rapidly tool up in a short time?
It's an interesting theory. If you consider that this Guardian world has a passageway to the Guardian Home systems it would explain many things:

Raxxla is the passageway and the myths around everything it brought in;
The source of the tech used by PF (and perhaps other orgas);
The lockdown near GV/Hen2-333 sectors;
What this alien species was really guarding;
What inheritance human species has;
Why Guardians were added to the ED Universe (they just seem to be another alien species that was added to provide us modules to fight thargoids);
If it was made by the Exiles, where they went to and what they did afterwards;
If it was made by the AI, that its new purpose was to create a different species and that it failed (if it was aiming for a peaceful one);

It's even possible to speculate that the founders of the PF had access to Guardian tech for a long time and it might have played a big role in tech leaps over the course of history as the tech was being figured out. It's also safe to say it'd imply that the Guardians exert(ed) some kind of influence or governance in our civilization, secretly.

In the big picture the Elite lore would tell us the story that alien was the root of the mysteries all along and it had direct influence in our progress as a civilization (also how powerful the contact with intelligent life could be, Universally speaking), which is a message that has traction in the real world when trying to explain the origin of our species, i believe it may be called the ancient astronaut theories. I'm not sure the lore creators would want to give this final message though, even being a Guardian enthusiast as i am.

Another point would be, although providing answer to many questions, this theory relies in many layers of speculation, would we have any evidence to back it up? Which leads us to another problem in the Raxxla hunting: everything is speculation as we don't have any objective evidence, leads, clues that are lacking investigative work to decode like we have in the Guardian sites for example, we know it's there for sure, and that it's related to guardians for sure, but we don't know what they're doing there.

I really appreciate the entirety of your quoted post, the information and the links are very interesting! I only heard about the Omphalos Rift, can you recommend a way for me to start learning about this lore?
Last edited: Nov 24, 2023
Reactions:
Louis Calvert