Jorki Rasalas
Nov 25, 2023
#32,159
Rochester said:
In addition Brookes Elite Legacy is the only official book which references a ‘children’s story’.

The book is centred on Artemis, but doesn’t really leave that system for anywhere else, some of the other systems named aren’t in game (?). One of the main protagonists is also an obvious self-portrait of Brookes, and that characters burial is mirrored identically by FD, within the current Brookes Galactic Tours.

Legacy uses a lot of references to Artemis and Demeter, the two don’t really have a great deal in common in mythology. However in some texts I believe Artemis was a hand-maiden of Persephone?

A ‘Despoina’ was also thought to be a daughter of Demeter and Poseidon, just as Kore (Persephone) was a of Demeter and Zeus, but it was forbidden to say Despoina real name, of Artemis.

So does ‘Legacy’ tell us to look towards the system Persephone?

Because in the Codex we do have the segment about Cora (Kore aka Persephone) coming home drunk and talking of pirates… not something Persephone did, but her mother Demeter did
Click to expand...
<Snipped>
Rochester said:
I don’t believe the Codex is being directly literal, so another question could be, what metaphorical or allegory references could Legacy also hold?
Hecate: three-faced goddess of crossroads & boundaries (logo!), key holder of gateways, rulership over earth, sea, and sky, as well as a more universal role as Saviour, Mother of Angels and the Cosmic World Soul, protector of travel and of the crossroads (“trivia” - "three ways"), realms outside or beyond the world of the living. Chthonic and nocturnal character led to her transformation into a goddess heavily associated with witchcraft, witches, magic, and sorcery (whisperer?). Hecate was the "original" and most predominant ancient Triple Moon Goddess (maiden/mother/crone, crescent moon/full moon/ dark moon, Lucina/Diana/ Hecate, realms of heavens/earth/underworld, muse of all true poetry). Some say that Lucina is the goddess of birth, Diana of growth, and Hecate of death. Diana triformis: Diana, Luna (or Selene), and Hecate? In Lucan's work (LUC. B.C. 6:700-01), the witches speak of “Persephone, who is the third and lowest aspect of our goddess Hecate". Graves explained, "As Goddess of the Underworld she was concerned with Birth, Procreation and Death. As Goddess of the Earth she was concerned with the three seasons of Spring, Summer and Winter: she animated trees and plants and ruled all living creatures. As Goddess of the Sky she was the Moon, in her three phases of New Moon, Full Moon, and Waning Moon...(i.e. Luna- Jewel on brow of Mother (Gaia) of galaxies). As the New Moon or Spring she was a girl; as the Full Moon or Summer she was woman; as the Old Moon or Winter she was hag." Graves said the triad to be Kore, Persephone and Hecate with Demeter the general name of the goddess
- systems Triviatii, Hecate

Hecate system is controlled by Simguru Pranav Antal who said “Sol is the birthplace of our race, the shining jewel of our galaxy” in Galnet 14jun3301 . It has 15 bodies

Pranav Antal has “Acheron Interface” neurological implant, though in Greek mythology, the Acheron was was one of the rivers of the Greek underworld & known as the "river of woe", the "river of pain" or the "river of lost souls", so another Underworld link for Antal; his powerplay region seems to be very much the Underworld!

Of course Legacy could be giving a very direct hint to look for a cargo pod floating somewhere in Artemis (I'd guess in the asteroid belt)...

Triviatii B has 8 moons? Trivia (from Hecate), according to Wiktionary TII means “way, road, path · trip, journey ...” in Võro ( descendant of the old Finnic/South Estonian regional language), so 3-fold path?

Wikipedia:
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triple_Goddess_(Neopaganism)
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hecate
Jewel on brow of mother of galaxies (Sol Mother Gaia/Luna)- Hecate, OR Luna (moon) of Earth & Mother Gaia is the mother of galaxies
Whisperer in witchspace, siren of the deepest void - Hecate
Parent’s grief, lover’s woe (death) - Hecate
the yearning of our vagabond hearts (Demeter/Perephone) - Hecate

Edit:
Though Hecate has a mega ship where the permit to nearby Terra Mater can be obtained. Terra Mater is a lawless system, where Raxxla questors can expect frequent pirate attacks, making the hunt quite interesting, especially if you're carrying Trinkets to trigger an Omphalos Rift! Terra Mater is Latin for "Mother Earth", reminiscent of Mother Gaia which could be the start of the toast...Terra Mater has 4 or 5 planetary belts to make for an extended search!
Last edited: Today at 8:13 AM
Reactions:
MrSuction, selbie and Rochester