rOmiLaYu
Aug 31, 2018
#3,332
Thatchinho said:
Nope, the one that the Gnosis is jumping into is locked as well, see my post higher up the page!

It's that system that the PF have specifically cited as having high levels of Thargoid hydra activity.

I'm not sure I follow your sentiment here tbh - there's plenty of relatively unexplored areas of space. For me, jumping into the Cone is very much about the Permit Lock arrangements and discovering possible reasons around it.

And it's still that way for me - that until now the PF has locked the areas around the Cone but not the Cone itself smacks of something unusual going on.

And now what do we see now that it's going to be possible for a jump in there? The PF not only lock the target system, but they issue a warning using the highest threat currently known to humanity - Thargoid Hydras.

It's a simple tactic - if we can't actually stop it, we'll put people off through scare tactics.

And if it's not scare tactics? Well how do the PF know there's high concentrations of Hydras there? And why has the knowledge been kept from them until the PFs hand has been forced?

What's exploration if not discovering things?

Edit - btw, word on the street is that not every system in Cone is locked. I can't attest to the veracity of that info as it stands, however.

I stand corrected...to some extent. I guess you're holding out for a higher level of lore and narrative thought than I am. How does the PF know there are Thargoid's out there? Because FDev wants there to be Thagoids out there to coincide with this operation. Theres no narrative , it's all handwavium. And locking down the entire sector via permits, just as we were about to jump in, just smacks of narrative on rails. I was very much looking forward to toodling around in the black and taking in the sights over the hundreds of systems that would have been available. Now it looks like I'm locked out of most of that and instead plopped into a system (or two), stuck looking at NHSS's for a month. Blech.