Jorki Rasalas
Aug 31, 2018
#3,333
Jorki Rasalas said:
From front page “A certain celestial body. Place that isn't a place, door that is also the key. The myth."

well a “door” is also a “gateway”, and there are plenty of stations in-game that are named “xxxx gateway”, and since a station exists in/moves through space while orbiting its parent body, then it could also be viewed as a “celestial body”; so I don’t think we should ignore the possibility of “Raxxla Gateway” orbiting away somewhere in a system that has an obscure name. Especially if it orbited a black hole since that would fit the “Place that isn't a place” bit, as would the station orbiting a comet idea. Come to think of it I dont remember ever having encountered a comet in-game.....

edit: TDW appear to be a particularly bloodthirsty lot. I got a secondary mission yesterday to assassinate some “pirate lord” after merely delivering a load of businessmen (admittedly for 5.5MCr) from Shinrarta to a system only 11ly away. So maybe this is part of the “personal narrative”? Unfortunately I’m getting too old and slow for much combat, although I’ve now got a second Krait set up with mil composite a d weapons which got me a few bounties very quickly when I tried it out, so I sold off the old Vulture and fitted ithe Krait out with cabins for said passenger missions....

Han_Zen said:
Sure. The old 'on Raxxla there's an alien construct that's a gateway to other Universes' could well mean 'In orbit around Raxxla there's an alien construct that's a gateway to other Universes'.

Rafe Zetter was not well enough informed to make that distinction.

Well FD have said (if I remember correctly) there are no other galaxies in ED so I discount the original reference, to an extent, as I can’t see how it could fit technically with what FD have done with ED. However if my hypothesis is correct and there is a station named something like “Raxxla Gateway” then it could be the source of a permit unlock mission to open up an area with a third alien race (or the Guardian AI maybe); that would fit both the game mechanics and the essence of the original reference. That station might be orbiting a comet towards the outer rim of a bubble (or nearby) system making it extremely difficult to find.