RaNaketh
Feb 4, 2020
#15,017
Vetinari said:
I have seen those 'go to a system and we'll give you more info' assassination missions. Never really paid attention how common or if any particular trigger, just put it down to fluff variation. I think I've had one as a follow up inbox mission too but not sure. (as in full mission in the inbox, not the 'we have put another mission on the board if you look' type message) I think I may have seen them for settlement beacon scanning missions as well, similar, 'We need you to scan a beacon, go to X system for more details' or 'We'll give you more details when you get to X' Have always been wary of them as haven't done many and didn't want a High Sec or one I didn't know what to do with, or worse one 300 Kls from the star. Don't recall them for any other type, but nagging at me is a Salvage one as well but I may have just imagined that or crossed it with something else.

iirc the first assassination one I took needed a planetary scan and I didn't have an SRV so had to go hunting, think this made me more selective before accepting incomplete info ones.

Is it just me or are all the fighter pilots standing around in the hangar bay near the engines all of a sudden? Don't often look as training up my Harmless crew member but every one today had an engine in the background.
Click to expand...

I completed a 4-chain assassination mission thread for Aegis Core over the last few nights vs 'pirates'.

Started as an investment of 1M, then follow-up after follow-up mission progressively getting harder. The last one had me drop into one system, be told it was in another, nothing appeared from Beacon, nor FSS - but in comms I was told to follow a Cobra III as he was 'told to find me' and drop down out of supercruise to normal space where he gave me the intel for the final target which was in-system but only appeared after he provided intel.

It was the Pirate leader for the opposing faction, but I can't say I've had to drop out of supercruise before to get 'personal' intel provided. It's always been via messages, or scanning the beacon when you arrive in a system. If they're not there, jump to the other location and repeat.

This was different... and I quite enjoyed it even if it is just 'fluff'.

I felt like I was following a bit of a story line whilst doing the missions and helping Aegis Core achieve something. So well done FDev even if it doesn't help me get TDW invite!

SPOILER: PIRATE CHAIN MISSIONS
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Macros Black, Machina Ergo Sum and 1 other person