Staarlord
S
Aug 8, 2020
#18,280
Hey all just another shout out on the RAXXLA/ Dark Wheel community event, which many of you are already aware of.

CMDR Kai Zen and company needs your help, as it gets progressively harder with each system we spread the Dark Wheel's influence to, as we tend to get spread thin.

In short? The goal is to push the Dark Wheel toward, or into Sol. Many naysayers said it wasn't even possible to get as far as we have. We weren't even sure that it was possible either...but now we know it is! Spreading the Dark Wheel's influence may just be the key to getting into one or more permit locked systems, the hope being.

Community Event / Creation - Turning the Wheel
(IN UNIVERSE) My fellow commanders. It is with a heavy heart that I must come before you today to put an end to the lies and corruption within the Pilots’ Federation. This once-venerable institution has been infiltrated and subjugated by a nefarious group of elites known only as ‘The Club’. For...
forums.frontier.co.uk

Helping is easy and there are daily orders.
Play in whatever ways suits you best.

Combat
Basically just bounty hunt in the Dark Wheel owned systems and turn in the bounties. If doing bounty missions be sure you're only doing them for The Dark Wheel, naturally. Their controlled systems are currently LFT 926 and Anyanwu.

Alternatively you can bounty hunt in the above systems and hand the rewards in at HR 4979, where The Dark Wheel is in contest with the current controlling faction. Of course, this means you can also participate in the conflict zones in HR 4979, by siding with The Dark Wheel.

Non-combat
If you don't like combat? You can hand in exploration data at Anyanwu, or LFT 926, but as I understand Anyanwu needs it most right now. Obviously doing missions for only The Dark Wheel in both owned systems is also an option...this includes passenger runs for the Dark Wheel even. Again...whatever you like. Further details may be found above.

Let's turn the wheel and maybe find RAXXLA!
Reactions:
Rochester, [PS4] Filthymick420 and PeteACarter