Rochester
Feb 9, 2023
#29,203
Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven

Mulling over various ramblings I find myself returning to this hypothesis again and again, concerning Achenar and the date 2296.

If we look at the codex text: ‘The earliest recorded mention of Raxxla dates from 2296, from the journal of Art Tornqvist, a shipboard mechanic based in the Tau Ceti system’.

Previously, I focused upon an imagined sphere of influence, emendating from Sol out towards Achenar, or Pandemonium; ultimately this was my perspective trying to align the text with a 3D environment modelled against John Milton’s model universe and a path towards the gates of heaven…

Ultimately, I acknowledge this perspective was far too wide, biased and open to conflation. So I began looking at the codex text again to hopefully look past this.

What spoke to me, following my investigation into Paradise Lost and the Yggdrasil systems, is the potential indication of a concept for an underworld in game.

Initially, I acknowledged there do exist very obvious systems below the bubble which reference upon this, but I just took that as irrelevant, and too obvious, as was my initial interpretation of the story about ‘Cora’; her coming home drunk, talking of pirates etc, which I could not shake, this seemed to me as an allegory for Persephone (Kore / Cora) and Demeter. Far too obvious…

Within Homers hymn to Demeter it is she not Persephone, who drinks a form of alcohol, a warm beer (usually laced with drugs during the mysteries) called kykeon and Demeter invents a story (as cover when pretending to pass as human) where she was abducted by pirates, whilst she ‘wandered’ the Earth looking for her daughter.

This might also fit the Codex in regards to a vagabonds heart, namely Demeter wandering searching for her hearts desire.

“Then Metaneira filled a cup with sweet wine and offered it to her; but she refused it, for she said it was not lawful for her to drink red wine, but bade them mix meal and water with soft mint and give her to drink. And Metaneira mixed the draught (kykeon) and gave it to the goddess as she bade.” Hymn to Demeter - Homer VII century.

This seemed at first too obvious, a coincidence, a red herring… but lacking any other references to go on, exhausting the Yggdrasil / John Milton angle; I put such doubts aside, and began to finally accept this as a possibility; others have identified this, but I began to see additional links which hopefully could substantiate it, once we look at their actual in game spacial relationship in context to the surrounding systems discovered up-to 2296 and those systems underneath it…




Within the images above, stars shown in white are those discovered up to the date 2296: Sol (centre); Tau Ceti (2151); Delta Pavonis (2190-2230); Altair (2190-2230); Beta Hydri (2190-2230); Eotienses (2288) and Achenar (2292).

This area it should be noted, is also relatively close to a number of interesting systems, such as: Pandemonium, the capital of Paradise Lost’s hell, as well as Niflhel (misty hell) in Norse mythology, and an aptly named Axis Mundi.

Art Tornqvist was based at Tau Ceti, we then have the date 2296 which is referenced within the lore of Achenar, regarding the death of Marlin Duval, this system was only discovered in 2292, a coincidence I think not!

As previously mentioned by other Cmdrs, the Sol based Mars relic was found in 2280. Eotienses which is very close to Achenar was discovered in 2288, another coincidence?

We then have the reference to ‘Art Tornqvist’ although no decent reference seems applicable, there is one via Gal Net referencing the journalist ‘Colm Tornqvist’ and the system of Facece, coincidentally very close to Achenar, permit locked and holding a coincidental gas giant with an eighth moon!

Close by to Axis Mundi are two other systems mentioned in Paradise Lost, namely Tartarus, the name for Hell, and Asphodel, a flowering plant that carpeted Hades. A plant which others have likewise noted, has 6 petals!

“And flowers were the couch, pansies, and violets, and asphodel, and hyacinth, earth's freshest softest lap.” John Milton Paradise Lost.

It ought to be noted that the path of Persephone runs very close to these systems, especially Axis Mundi, which I suspect is intentional.



This underworld is also the start of Jaques journey, likely unrelated but potentially a relative clue to focus our attention in this area?



Achernar does mark the end of the Eridanus river of Hades, there are also a whole bunch of systems attributed either to the underworld, eg El Tío "Lord of the Underworld", or either mythical locations such as Quivira - one of the seven cities of gold, amongst others…

These alignments look very tempting and I feel build a hotspot, referencing a journey to the underworld / afterlife represented as a location in game. I suspect what we need to find, is potentially within this sector.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10101133
Last edited: May 30, 2023
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, Shadowsnog, Darrack and 3 others