Rochester
Jan 19, 2022
#25,126
The Codex could relate to ‘anything’.

The various descriptions etc may / may not describe something in game.

Looking at the Codex for actual, reliable information, well there just isn’t much within it. Other than the date and location identified by the inclusion of Tau Ceti.

Other than those, all other statements are totally open to interpretation.

If the Codex does reference certain locations we can only assume those locations were chosen for a reason.

If we can assume at least one or two are true (if indeed it relates to multiple locations) then we can locate all the others, and then review them to see what they possibly could mean (if we had confirmation they were what we thought they are, as we may just be projecting our own patterns).

I for one like the idea of a series of locations that triangulate another location. It’s an existing process in game, and I personally have found things by triangulation of constellations.

Alternatively they are all arbitrary with no correlation what’s so ever! Or it’s narratively locked, we can never really know until someone finds it.

Your guess is as valid as anyone else’s.

Tin-foiling is inherently open to interpretation and bias, all we have is very limited information other than Tau Ceti, I would presume our best course of action is to compare that against other known facts surrounding / upto that date and location.

We presume FD to be clever and Machiavellian in regards to Raxxla, but they may not be, in RL many solutions revolve around very ordinary and mundane relationships. It’s true humans are good at hiding things, but most of the time they don’t apply overly complex processes, as this actually identifies such Obfuscation… if you want something hidden, you hide it in plain site.

I do suspect we have projected our own desires onto it, making it more or fanciful than it likely is. In all respects we have all probably already been there, worse still, it may have been adapted over time by FD to make it even more Obfuscated…

The fun is looking. I hope we never find it, I hope FD never reveal it.


Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9692839
Last edited: Jan 20, 2022
Reactions:
Adel