Jorki Rasalas
Jan 19, 2022
#25,129
Rochester said:
‘Art Tornqvist’ and his drunk partner ‘Cora’. I mean what does that mean, it could be a very big hint, if it was, what does it relate to, it could mean anything or nothing?

“Cora comes home soused and raving with wild stories, a new one every night. She claims she's found a map to some pirate stash, and all I have to do is loan her my ship so we can go dig it up. Maybe we should go find Raxxla while we're at it!”

‘Art Tornqvist’ - the first part ‘Art’ could be a Celtic name meaning ‘bear’ or ‘champion’. It may also be short for ‘Arthur’.

The reference to a bear (champion bear?) could potentially relate to the Ursa Major constellation.

The second element of the name is ‘Tornqvist’ which is Swedish meaning ‘thorn branch’; at present there is no correlation discovered except for a journalist in Galnet named ‘Colm Tornquist’ (Colm meaning ‘Dove’ in Irish) linked to the Imperial Herald and a singular article about the Facece system, birth place of Jaques Orbis Station where there is a planet (I presume a brown dwarf, or is it a Jovian with 8 moons!

Art in the Codex is described specifically as being a ship board mechanic, another description for an ‘Engineer’?

‘Cora’ could be Arts daughter as she is never referred to with a surname, and it is the Latinized version of the name “Kore” meaning “maiden” or “daughter”.

There is another’Cora’ in game, that of a professor ‘Cora Shaw’ who runs the Palin institute however these characters lived thousands of years apart.

‘Kore’ were also feminine statues used as various Ancient Greek idols for various reasons, cults and ceremonies, their exact entomology remains unknown.

‘Kore’ is also the classical Greek mythological name reference for Persephone.

Persephone can be linked to the constellation of .

Currently I can’t correlate ‘Cora / Kore / Persephone’ with pirates, nor being drunk, but her mother was.

Demeter during her search for her daughter ’Persephone’ drinks a kind of beer, when offered she refuses red wine instead accepting ‘kykeon’ a drink made from water, barley, and pennyroyal; commonly linked to the Eleusinian Mysteries (been here before haven’t we!).

Later in the tale she’s disguised as an old maid and tells a tale of how she was supposedly kidnapped by pirates from Crete escaping to Eleusis.

Pirates did exist in Ancient Greece, the Lipari Islands (Aeolian Islands) were apparently a notorious stronghold of pirate activity (also a tenuous link to Atlantis).

Are there any ‘Anarchy systems’ linked to Engineers or named after Demeter or Persephone or Greek islands?
Click to expand...
Isnt Liz Ryder supported by the Eurybia Blue Mafia?
Reactions:
Rochester