Jorki Rasalas
Dec 8, 2019
#13,882
CMDR Zulu said:
I went and looked into Persephone at your urging. I believe the simplest explanation for her reoccurring mentions is to hint to us that “Avalon” the mythical island shrouded in mist behaves like Persephone, meaning it goes to a dark place and re-emerges periodically.

Nocti and Lux separated mean night and day. I mean perhaps the camera lens could be a reference to technology as well. It did state it had superior vision to humans on the site. So again a reference to Kora (Persephone not in Hades) and her darker Queen of the Underworld persona.

In premonition the two characters are in Lobardelli’s Legacy in Persephone. All I could find for Lombardelli was a documentary by Monique Lombardelli titled People in Glass Houses: The Legacy of Joseph Eichler. Eichler went against discriminatory practices and made affordable modern homes for everyone. These homes incorporated a lot of glass walls. I’m not certain of my assessment on this one, feel free to check me on this. His largest contiguous development was In The Highlands of San Mateo, one of the home’s was named The X100, an experimental steel house.

Anyway Drew Carnegie is a player, if my memory serves me correct. Who speaks with “Felix Adhoc”. Someone who is connected to Universal Cartographics. Felix Adhoc, if he’s not a player...may be a reference to Felix’s Machines particularly The Adhoc Machine that was displayed in Athens. A work of art, here’s a description of it:The Ad-hoc Machine disassembles and recombines the components of an industrial CD pressing machine, transforming their function from data transfer to live sound creation...

It also appears vaguely familiar in shape to the Raxxla logo but only has 3 sides rather than 6.

This would also mean that Drew may have known more than he has lead us to believe. I began to suspect this when reading his description of the clubs desert course (The Club feasting on a symbolic Raxxla!? You evil man!) and the fact he used obfuscate only in scenes dealing with the club. (Obfuscated in the outer rim). I’m probably wrong.

Back to topic though. I believe the Persephone and Kora usage is trying to tell us that Raxxla has a period of unattainability. Perhaps represented by the 6 black portions of the logo. Hades Window sounds cooler though. Kora’s window could be the green regions.

As far as Jeffress is concerned, I wonder what his treasure hunts were distracting us from?

How do this theory sound?
Click to expand...

Careful, you don't want to get on the bad side of the ninja penguin- you never see him coming and he's got a very sharp axe!
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Phongsalt, GURU-951 and 2 others