Noobilite
Mar 17, 2019
#6,789
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AsfgQqbRKM

http://www.elitehomepage.org/dkwheel.htm

The space station gently span away into the shadows and the small Ophidian class vessel shuddered as its motors angled it round towards the Faraway jump.

This might be worth looking into.

'Raxxla!' Jason said. 'Remember: Raxxla!' Then, as he pushed Alex back into the cramped escape pod, he shouted, 'Remember me, Alex! I wouldn't have wished this on you. Raxxla!'

It almost makes me think he's calling alex raxxla. Ok, maybe not. But I wonder if this means jason is dark wheel. Maybe the line about keeping your children away from it is about this. Probably reading into it too much though.

A pirate ship, disguised as a trader, pursuing its victim into Witch-Space itself . . . for their cargo of . . .
Thrumpberry flavouring?

Never underestimate the value of thrumpberry flavoring!

Tethered below this vast, rotating mausoleum is the dodecahedral shape of a 'Dodo' class space station, the home of the Cemetery Authorites. Here you go through security checks and get your visitor's visa. And as you stand in the queue, staring up through the translucent ceiling of the Customs Hall, you can see the battered, broken ships of many of the dead, still attached to the silent tomb that contains the body.
It's a good enough reason to come to Tionisla. There are pickings aplenty among the wrecks. The treasures of centuries might be revealed by pressing the right panel on the right cube of black, alien metal as it floats silently by.
Or maybe not treasure, just the tomb's defences . . .
A pit with a laser.
A robot guardian with knives where its hands should be.
A hyperspace vacuum that sucks you in and throws you out into another time.
You tread carefully among the wrecks in orbit about Tionisla. The creatures buried here—human and alien—had money enough to buy these prized resting places, and more than enough wealth to protect their property after death from the mercenary fingers of bounty hunters.

Click to expand...

This storry gets more interesting. It goes into teorge and someone names elyssia fields and clones. Then talks about raxxla being a ghost world and not alien. It all starts at the systems from the original game he's talking about.

SPOILER





















Last edited: Mar 18, 2019