AndyJ
Jan 22, 2018
#1,498
eadghe said:
Can you provide the text which talks about special missions as a KS reward? I can only find "Be a founding member of ‘The Elite’ in the game, plus all rewards above.", which sounds like instant access to Founders World which I know was a thing. I never heard anybody say that special mission where a KS reward, though.

Actually, anyone who pledged £5 got access to Founders World. Anyone pledging at £85+ got the option to start their game there too.

As for the "Founding Members of the Elite" (AKA "Founders")

https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1461411552/elite-dangerous/faqs

What does it mean to be a ‘Founding member of “The Elite”‘?
“The Elite” are a secretive group of intrepid pilots. Throughout human space, there are a great many people that have been helped by “The Elite” over the years, and because of this “The Elite” are treated well, wherever they go. Whether it be discounts on buying special items or repairs, and the small number of founding members even greater benefits. Other benefits include a greater likelihood of being offered rare missions or opportunities. Membership is offered to pilots who have proven their ability by reaching “Elite” rating within the Pilot’s Federation, but the founding members are not put through such an indignity. All “The Elite” are entitled to display a special silver “Elite” emblem, and the founders a golden one with the word ‘Founder’ beneath it.

Last updated: Wed, November 21 2012 4:22 PM UTC +00:00

It's history does not make for good reading.
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/showt...ented-some-words-from-the-Kickstarter-backers

This originated from a thread in the Private Backers sub-forum (which you most likely won't have access to) and resulted in a series of responses from MB:
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/showthread.php/93710-Founders-of-the-Elite-Benefits-not-implemented

Responses #6 and #9 were replies to questions about the special/rare missions in the private thread.
I believe that there was also a DDF thread about Founders rewards, but I didn't pledge that high and I'm not sure that it made it into the Design Discussion Archives.


Jaiotu said:
It was never a Kickstarter reward ... but given the fact that they were only available early on in the game when fewer players had reached Elite status it sure felt like one.

Err... this is why they were "Founder or Elite" missions. We (the Founders) were granted immediate access to these special missions without the need to gain Elite rank first.
This was a KS perk. Of course it's a bit of a bad joke that they disappeared before many of us even tried them and I for one are well past Elite ranking now anyway.
Last edited: Jan 22, 2018
Reactions:
Jaiotu