Louis Calvert
Mar 20, 2023
#29,455
Consider:
The events of Elite (1) must have taken place prior to 3151 and likely after 3123 because there are Thargoids attacking ships in that game. However, The Dark Wheel Novella also mentions Thargoids and even features Thargoids 'in person' and also Thargoid egglings, there are even laws about shipping them around... so technically TDW novella must have been set post 3123, but before 3151 because everyone knows about Thargoids, and there are Thargoids.

That doesn't really match up with the Faraway system and many other things that mismatch between the novella and the Game, and later game(s) lore, which suggest the Dark Wheel Novella must be set quite a time before the original Elite game...

But wait: The Elite (1) manual specifically states that the game must take place later than 3205... Which means...uhhh



Argh... it's almost like... almost like it doesn't make any sort of sense at all...

BUT WAIT!!
There's a super-easy solution to all this though, as we've been told so, so, so many times by the people that literally wrote the lore for Elite Dangerous: Other Games Don't Count. Other Material Doesn't Count. There is only Elite Dangerous.

They used the older stuff as inspiration, yes. They lifted a TON of stuff that was great, yes definitely. Reading the old stuff is fun and interesting to consider "hey do you think this thing from the old lore is going to be used?" Yes totally. A lot of it has been, and likely will bee used as inspiration for a lot of stuff we'll see in the future too.

FWIW the Elite Dangerous Timeline on the Wiki is a collection of all known dates (when people add them) and has citations for most of them, taken directly from the game, Galnet, the official novels, or Elite Encounters RPG.

The First Thargoid War ran from 3125 (First official reported encounters with aggressive Thargoids) to 3151 (Mycoid attack on the Thargoids by John Jameson). We know from the lore that there were unofficial encounters with Thargoids for a long time before that. No sightings at all of Thargoids after 3151 until a bunch of suspicious maybe-stuff starting in the 3250's and leading up to the official "return" in our present time.
Reactions:
Rochester, Han_Zen and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian