Louis Calvert
Mar 20, 2023
#29,451
SergMx said:
And by the way, I wouldn't put so much faith in Ram Tah. He is either wrong or deliberately misleading us.

1. The vortexes are all self-destructive guardians weapons, so how could they win in that way?
2. It is believed that the Guardians won the war with the Targoids, Targoids here they are, but where are the Guardians now?

It's not clear what Ram Tah is saying.
1) No idea what you mean by "vortexes"?

2) That bit is pretty clearly explained. Guardian Constructs 'drove off' the Thargoids and were never bothered by them again (read: Thargoids never entered Guardian space again).

The Guardians later descended into a civil war as a result of the technological leaps made to create AI to fight the war. Essentially a Luddite movement vs. progressives. The Constructs (Guardian AI) then simultaneously killed all the (physical) Guardians in a coordinated alpha-strike. All this is very clearly spelled out in the Guardian logs (and summarised in the Codex).

To back this up we have two very distinctly linked but different styles of Guardian sites:

Ruins (the first Guardian sites discovered) are large and feature organic earthworks combined with some Guardian technological infrastructure, like the Relic Towers and Monolith obelisks. These sites all feature impact craters and blast damage. These are assumed to be outposts of the actual Guardians.These sites are totally unguarded and seem 'dead' except for the few remaining obelisks that work, and the Relic towers.

The sites guarded by Sentinels are the second type discovered later. They don't feature any of the earthworks and are almost entirely geometric technological blocks of Guardian tech. These don't show any evidence of blast craters, and they are guarded by Sentinels. They seem to be quite functional. It's assumed these are the outposts of the Constructs themselves (Guardian AI).

We also know that Braintrees are intrinsically linked with Guardian sites, but to my knowledge no-one yet knows exactly why. We do know the Guardians were experts of genetic engineering, and the Braintrees seem to be organic mines similar to the Thargoid's Barnacles, so possibly that's really what they were and they've just survived their creators.

The scant physical evidence backs up what Ram Tah translated from the Codex; right down to the Thargoids massively adverse reaction to Guardian technology.

Of course as others have noted, it certainly seems like Ram Tah is hiding information. For now though I don't think there's any reason to doubt the basic shape of the facts: Guardians fought Thargoids, were losing, made AI to fight for them. AI beat the Thargoids back. Guardians had a civil war. Guardian AI killed the Guardians.

The questions really are: Where's the Constructs now? And why has there always been such a strong link between the Guardians and Humans in so many ways? Right down to Halsey's 'visions' that led to the discovery of the first Guardian sites.

Speculation:
Did Halsey even have visions at all? As Federation President she'd have access to top-secret information, what if she just got confused when she miraculously survived Starship One and blurted out some classified information when she was revived, but to her it seemed like she'd had visions. When she recovered she walked all that back and claimed to have no memory of it. Was all that simply a way to cover up the fact that she'd accidentally leaked top-secret info to the public? Maybe she was assassinated because she was going to go public with it in order to revive her flagging career - go down in history as the Federal President that blew the lid off an old secret and gave Guardian technology to the Galaxy?

There's a lot of interesting possibilities if you assume Guardians were already known in top secret circles. The hunt for alien relics goes back to the whole Aziumth/Pharmasapien saga too. They were both trying to get the scoop on alien relics, there's a line in the logs that says something like "The first company to exploit alien technology will be rich". Yet when the Proteus crew accidentally found a Guardian/Thargoid battle site, the scientists there immediately started experimenting on the Guardian Relics like they knew what one was already - at least, that's how the logs seem to me.

As per my previous post. I feel like a lot is stacking up now to suggest that something of the Guardians was well known even hundreds of years ago.
Last edited: Mar 20, 2023
Reactions:
SergMx, Rochester and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian