Jorki Rasalas
Aug 4, 2023
#31,085
Edelgard von Rhein said:
Got a Manifest Scanner rigged for fast scan at Tiana Fortune's (appropriately) and have done some scanning in Artemis.

There were many High Grade Emissions signal sources today.

I visited a handful of Convoy Signal Sources, all Threat 2. These fell into two categories: Imperial military convoys with Antiquities (these have been around since 3301) and civilian convoys with ordinary goods under pirate attack. I helped to defend a couple of times (my Courier is armed for a minor skirmish like this).

Next I visited The Legacy again and scanned ships and some wakes (lightweight mod on this) but found nothing unusual (ordinary goods and tourist passengers). I docked and listened out for conversations around the bar but heard none.

Finally, I repeated this at Freeholm. With the tourist beacon next door there were more tourist ships around. I saw a variety of companies' vessels but none by Brookes' Galactic Tours. The holds of non-passenger ships here often had low temperature diamonds - I even saw a T-9 with almost 300t of them! Otherwise, no interesting cargo. Upon docking and visiting the bar I did hear, faintly, some conversations. It was hard to pick out the details but it seemed to be general chatter about investing in weapons and finding things worth plenty of credits by travelling away from the Bubble.

An indication that a conversation is going on from a distance appears to be a character making hand gestures. Not all characters making these gestures are conversing (but all characters that were conversing were making them). Some lines only appear once. Sometimes characters would split up and walk away after the conversation. I think these may be worth listening to as I think I later caught one of them having another conversation elsewhere.

There are no belt clusters in Artemis even though the system map shows a belt. None of the planets have rings. There is still plenty of scope for rare scenarios in signal sources with more unusual cargo.
IIRC Trinkets are in trader ships in Anarchies. Seem to remember encountering a Dolphin with 100 close to Shinrarta; after the shark frenzy I got 5. You’ll need collector limpets.
Last edited: Aug 4, 2023
Reactions:
Rochester