Rochester
Aug 4, 2023
#31,093
Lost Realms by Robert Holdstock and Malcolm Edwards

Raxxla as a Miltonian Eden lost realm of Holdstock

*this post will be editing as new information becomes available

So finally reading through this book after seeing others recommend it, and what is striking about it is how similar it is to the Codex, in regards to lost realms.

Now it’s easy to assume coincidence, but treating this as an information gathering exercise there are too many similarities to disregard it. And I’ve come at this backwards, unintentionally. And now I do believe it is one of the primary source materials used by FD as a homage to Holdstock and Raxxla. as a potential mythic lost Eden.

Page 11 and 13
Looking at this from a perspective of someone who might have an affection towards Milton. The page opens with an allegory of Eden.



Eden is painted in the book as a lost kingdom, compared to the Greek Hesperides, located in Arcady. Then the Elysian Fields in the underworld , then the Celts Avalon and Lyonesse. Then on page 13 Prester John.

It follows onward and on throughout the book listing several other lost kingdom’s, many of which are in game.

The rest of the book then attempts to merge these myths with examples of fiction, eg Lord of the rings, Cthulhu at R’lyeh or factual lands like Troy.

But the book has more similarities with the codex, were the focus is upon mythology. Such as the Amazons, Atlantis, Artemis being from the north wind Hyperborea, and of course El Dorado.

Many of the lands, which Holdstock seems to link together as examples of a lost paradise, I’ve also identified in the ‘underworld’ sector in game.

The text also draws in the mythology of the Greek Underworld (also depicted in game in this same region). Drawing many connections with the ash tree Yggdrasil roots and serpent directly with areas of the Greek underworld.

This is a revelation.

Later in the book there is an obvious segment on Yggdrasil, but it is mentioned more than once elsewhere, and a telling number of references alluding to ‘world mountains’.

The opening introduction also talks of the longing to find these lost realms and return home to them, I can’t help but see this as a reflection of the term ‘fernweh’ although I can’t see a direct quote on that yet, I feel it’s more an invention of Brookes…

Now in previous posts I’ve pointed out that I came to my theory by postulating that the ‘Underworld’ in game around Axis Mundi, Persephone and Pandemonium, is a hotspot area because of the concentration of systems named after lost, sunken and mythic kingdoms, similarly or identical to those named in the Codex.

I was brought there by the tale of ‘Cora comes home’ an allegory for Persephone and ultimately the sphere of influence made by the date in the codex of 2296. And the fact this area sits directly below the Yggdrasil systems.

We now have FD bringing our attention here again with tales of Artemis, John Milton and the Galactic Tour plunging right through these lost realms.

I believe now the tale of ‘Elite Legacy’ by Brookes was another way to draw us to the Artemis system, and for us to draw some yet unknown link or conclusion towards Persephone, and from there discover Pandemonium, and following those, ultimately to these lost realms of Holdstock.

So why build all these various references in game, centred around one location in game, which so obviously mirrors that of Holdstocks Lost Realms?

I believe Brookes has replicated Holdstocks ‘Lost Realms’ in game, as a template to obfuscate Raxxla.



Obfuscated on the outer rim, these lost realms do actually fall perfectly upon the outer shell of my 2296 sphere of influence calculated from the Codex.

I believe it is this area which was alluded to in the older DW missions as being obfuscated on the outer rim. Something is here….

Assumptions:

The number of systems named after Cities of gold, Sunken or Mythical kingdoms is finite, it seems initially apparent they are placed together, their positions however may not be wholly arbitrary. Its possible they’re eclectic areas have a finite reach or shape, it looks initially that they all coalesce into this focal point.

Its possible there is a general centre point or intersection, if there is no other purpose for this region it may be Raxxla (or something else) is simply hidden within this area.

Likewise Raxxla maybe in a system but utilises an unrelated naming, it maybe those systems which fall within or around this area are potential candidates.

Recommendations:

To continue to log as many mythic lands, especially those specific to Robert Holdstocks book and update existing maps so as to identify any commonalities.

Investigate systems within this area not attributable to lost realms as potential candidates.
Last edited: Aug 8, 2023
Reactions:
Ataxia, Han_Zen, Edelgard von Rhein and 3 others