Louis Calvert
Sep 19, 2024
#34,882
Rochester said:
I as much as anyone appreciate the work done on the landscape signal concept but…with respect.

I find the logistics of separation between this evident element and locations indicated in the codex, to be too distant!

Such a separation in key information makes no sense.

In the codex there is an evident locational clue in respect of Tau Ceti; there is also a temporal clue in respect of 2296!

In the codex the reference to Cora comes home drunk, is likely a reference to the myth of Demeter and Persephone!

In the codex there reference to Atlantis and the Cities of Gold is likely a reference to the ‘Lost Realms’ zone!

Again the various allusions in the text conspire there to be a link to MB’s Legacy, based in Artemis, as does the Brookes Tours, which equally pass through that zone!

It’s evident then the codex is telling us to focus efforts in the bubble, if this were not the case why provide such information, if i concerns a signal at the centre of the galaxy, which can be heard at any point in space?!

No - I do not believe it’s the objective.

I suspect it’s linked, or maybe an Easter egg, but such distances surely allow for too much interpretation!
Click to expand...
I have entirely decoded the codex in my thread, at great length, paragraph by paragraph. It all makes sense and fits together. At the very least it makes as much sense (more IMO) than any explanation presented here in the last decade.

Plus, my interpretation provides us with a place to look that's actually an unsolved mystery in the game, it points towards the Landscape Signal. It's literally there for anyone to explore and try to solve.

I realise that my explanation uses game lore almost entirely and doesn't require a masters degree in English Literature or a hundred hours spent reading Greek Mythology - but I believe that stuff is exclusionary and not the intention of Brookes in creating the mystery in the first place. My explanation only requires people to be familiar with the game (and particularly the lore and history presented in the game) to enjoy solving the mystery - and even if someone isn't, they can still find the Landscape Signal as "a weird sound" and investigate that way. It's actually a very good bit of puzzle design, you can approach it from the lore-reading, or stumble across it naturally.

Even if the Landscape Signal isn't Raxxla (which is almost certainly is), then they way to prove that is to investigate the Landscape Signal and solve that, thus proving what it really is and removing yet another contender for the crown from the race.
Reactions:
Rochester