Neestar
Sep 19, 2024
#34,891
Louis Calvert said:
I have entirely decoded the codex in my thread, at great length, paragraph by paragraph. It all makes sense and fits together. At the very least it makes as much sense (more IMO) than any explanation presented here in the last decade.
Recently i spent an entire day ( literally ) searching & exploring within a system called 'Coras' . Because at the time i thought "my" explanation/justification ( 'Cora' is the name of Art Tonquist's daughter, from the RAXXLA Codex entry ) made the most sense best guess.

So far, i've found nothing but standards & static.
Louis Calvert said:
Plus, my interpretation provides us with a place to look that's actually an unsolved mystery in the game, it points towards the Landscape Signal. It's literally there for anyone to explore and try to solve.
The whole 'radio signal' aspect def. makes logical sense, from a typical deep SPACE perspective and i've noticed your posts & diagrams before , but tbh i got sorta confused. Is there a specific system ( or systems ) LIST whereby some newb like me could just go thru each nav point one by one , methodically?
Jorki Rasalas said:
I say the Rift, because IMO it is highly likely that Raxxla itself is hidden in the FD server and will only be downloaded to a client PC/console when the Rift is found and triggered, in order to avoid it's finding through code mining.
Totally agree ^ yep. imho, it's gotta be tied to some form of player-X-must-have-certain-parameters ( sequence of events or factors? ) in order to trigger the RAXXLA prompt or server activation or whatever.

Or....it's just some random hidden spot ( portal? ) in some random system, with a very low RNG spawn % , so that ANY player could stumble upon it and may not even realize what "it" is.
Jorki Rasalas said:
Therefore it could be anywhere in the bubble... even Sol...and still be undiscovered after 10 years!
Honestly, it's pretty incredible no one has found & posted about "it" yet. Except when you consider the whole community-has-only-uncovered like 1% or 2% of entire EliteD universe. -- Still though, one has to wonder: How much longer will this game last? And therefore, does the 'FDev' who designed RAXXLA want it to be discovered before this game ends in favor of another more modern/future version?
Reactions:
simulacrae