Jorki Rasalas
Sep 19, 2024
#34,885
Ian Doncaster said:
I think the problem with Raxxla itself being in the bubble is that it then needs a really good explanation for "why has no-one - including centuries of NPCs! - accidentally found it by now?" that would nevertheless allow someone who knew what they were doing to track it down fairly easily - whereas even a few hundred LY out in a non-descript system the level of concealment required to ensure no-one accidentally stumbles across it is so much lower.

<Snipped>
There are two quite obvious answers to that question which I've been suggesting for a long time:
1) The route (Omphalos Rift) to Raxxla is hidden in a planetary belt-they are so huge (& I suspect it will have a very short detection range for ship's sensors & you'd have to carefuly fly in normal space to detect it-& the comet detection distance is an FD hint) that it may never be found; the obvious answer to how the lore rumour started is that some lucky miner stumbled upon it, or that it was detailed in the Alien Mars Artefact that has never been clarified but MB said (in diary #3?) that we'd start to hear more about it "soon" but we never have-hence it's likely Raxxla-related
2) The Rift is floating around in deep space, say 200kls or more from the nearest body, possibly off the ecliptic, and ditto about never finding it. Don't forget the lore about the fsd-originally (Elite 1?) you entered at the edge of a system and had to make your way in; it's only with later FSD that you arrive near the main star. So some lucky early explorer happened to jump in and fell over it..perhaps s/he/they wasn't carrying Trinkets to trigger the Rift so it was just discovered but not described???

Both solutions could have been inserted at the outset of the game, and both guarantee an exceedingly difficult object to find. Neither need planetary landings and could be in all versions of ED.
I say the Rift, because IMO it is highly likely that Raxxla itself is hidden in the FD server and will only be downloaded to a client PC/console when the Rift is found and triggered, in order to avoid it's finding through code mining.
Therefore it could be anywhere in the bubble... even Sol...and still be undiscovered after 10 years!

Personally I have always thought the Landscape signal was a flawed FD attempt to represent the radio noise from Sagittarius A* and I suspect irrelevant to Raxxla.
Edit: the proviso to that hypothesis originates in the codex's "for those with eyes to see", which is highly reminiscent of the old saying (biblical?) "for those with eyes to see and ears to hear".
Edit2: after pointing that out I wouldn't put it past FD to implement the Landscape signal in an odd and meaningless location as pure Raxxla myth obfuscation.
Last edited: Sep 19, 2024
Reactions:
El Saico, Han_Zen, Rochester and 1 other person