Adel
A
Feb 16, 2022
#25,311
Merlin StWahgwaan said:
No it doesn't... but we can make some well reasoned assumptions about it not being there...

1) The Polaris, LFT 509, and several permit locked systems, have had their systems maps revealed to us, due to an improper implementation of GalMap on Freight Carriers.
If I remember correctly, neither showed any stations, orbital or surface.

2) Raxxla, has supposedly been in-game, and accessible to cmdrs, since full game launch atleast. This has been well reasoned and is widely accepted and believed. If we take that as fact, it's not a far assumption to then believe by extension, that the DW station would also have been in-game from this time. (Pre Horizons this would have to be an orbital station which would then show on the system maps we have)


Based on those, it's likely that any unobtainable permit systems have nothing to do with raxxla/DW, unless we disregard the assumption they've been in game and accessible, even atleast since Horizons.

For either the DW stations or Raxxla to be in those systems, they would have to have basically no implementation at all, even at this time... which I admit is still just as plausible a suggestion as any other at this point, but it is a wholly terror inducing thought that fdev would have gone this long without inserting them, while giving us the codex entries and several "hints" about it actually being ingame already.

I tend to believe Polaris is locked simply due to its previous lore regarding thargoids, and that it may only get unlocked, if ever, if the thargoids reach that area of space (again? ), or maybe some superweapon like Mycoid is still being developed there in the 'storyline' and its for that...

Anyways... there are arguments for everything at this point, but you have to take somethings with multiple gains of salt, and read between the line forsure

Edit, addon: I have to believe that Drew W. wouldn't have been so adamant, for so long, about his conversation with MB indicating that it was in game and accessible, if it wasn't true.
I have to believe, since they were good friends and Drew was a dedicated player and writer, that if Drew had gotten the wrong idea or was barking up the wrong tree, that MB would have corrected him fairly quickly after or during that conversation, and if it was after, just told Drew to fain recollection, say they were talking about a bunch of things and maybe Drew just misunderstood and for him not to reinforce that it's ingame and available for as long as he has....

If it turns out it's not true, and MB lied too/mislead Drew, it would hurt atlot of people, not least of which I'm sure, would be Drew himself, not that I speak for him at all, especially if their conversation was as direct as is believed. It would also end up likely driving alot of players away from fdev as a company when/if it does come out that they've mislead players for 7+ years.
Click to expand...
"1) The Polaris, LFT 509, and several permit locked systems, have had their systems maps revealed to us, due to an improper implementation of GalMap on Freight Carriers.
If I remember correctly, neither showed any stations, orbital or surface."

=> Remember the Adamastor: it was not on scanner but has been found in a cluster of asteroid belt.
Belts & Rings are rarely visited by players, because they are boring, so it would be the perfect place!
Reactions:
Rochester