CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Feb 15, 2022
#25,302
Adel said:
Q1:
"So perhaps we're just running around in circles, when really all we have to do .. is sit still in right place and wait for Raxxla to come to us."
=> Nice thought! But Raxxla either would be dependant on celestial body's gravity (so moving) or the system's star/barycenter (moving too). The right position is just impossible to get .

For the hexedit with Zurara's logs, someone found a long time ago that it can lead to a system named Kwati or Kwatis (can't remember which one). At that time, we had some server issues on a planet: clue?

Q3: "Has anyone decrypted / unpacked Elite Dangerous game files and looked for any reference to Raxxla?"
=> Tried with notepad++ for both Raxxla and TDW, the only result i get are the codex entries.

Facts 2. "It cannot be detected by scanners, so you have to visually find it (like Dark Wheel)."
=> Pulse Wave Scanner can help us. At original release of this module utility it was said that it can detect "anomalies". Btw, you can see things with the pulse when triggered, even in the black!
Click to expand...
A side note worth mentioning: FSS scanning can reveal dark nebula and other denser patches of the sky from a fairly good distance away. There is the that whole line on the Alleged Toast of the The Dark Wheel which reads: "To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!" which could be related to this. FSS scans may pick up areas where dark nebula are. Also, "jewel on the brow of the mother of galaxies" could be a system that appears to be located on the galactic plane itself from a particular location. This effect is highly dependent on your location in the galaxy and noticeably changes as you jump systems. Given that The Dark Wheel was rumored to have gotten its start possibly as far back as the 21st century I wonder if this has to be done from Sol or Tau Ceti?

For clarity: this worked from a good 300 ly away and ended up taking me on a journey to an area called the Lupus Dark Region B. I had noticed the effect shortly after leaving Coalsack region when doing FSS scans as I was jouneying out towards the Holloway Bioscience Research Facility 15.
Last edited: Feb 15, 2022
Reactions:
Adel