Thatchinho
Jan 8, 2023
#28,825
Louis Calvert said:
That's an interesting reminder, thanks

I'm actually trying to track a mystery down that related to Braintrees, maybe someone can help with that (assuming that Scriveners might be related to the Raxxla hunt, etc).

This map from ED Astrometrics shows braintree locations on the border between the Sanguineous Rim and Inner Orion spur (bottom left of the big blob), but I just can't find any documented discoveries there.
SPOILER: BRAINTREE MAP



Looking at the Codex, there's a single Reported Guardian Codex (monolith) reported in Outotz LS-K D8-3 for the Sanguineous Rim, but I can't find it. Comparing the ED Astrometrics map of the Guardian sites with the Braintree map, that particular Braintree blob doesn't seem to corelate to an recorded Guardian ruins.

I've checked the of Guardian sites, and the of Braintree sites and I can't find anything that might be this mysterious blob or that reported discovery in Outotz. I've generally googled around and can't find anything. ED Astrometrics says it got that data from the usual sources (not self-reported).

My guess is that maybe someone(s) found them while exploring but didn't not them on the Canonn lists or anywhere else.

Does anyone have any ideas?

I'm in the Flaming Star Nebula area now since I think that's approximately where the ED Astrometrics map shows the blob...
Click to expand...
Not sure on either of them I'm afraid. That Outotz system seems to be referenced a lot as a crystalline shard mat farming system, so I’d be very surprised if there’s actually a Guardian site there that never got reported in to Canonn. Quite possibly just a Codex bug. Easy enough to check if anyone’s out that way though.

Similar for the Braintree area, which looks to be somewhere on the ‘South-West’ Col 70 border to me. Maybe it’s near the small permit locked region just off Col 70 - an NGC one I think. I’m pretty sure I checked the borders of that for Braintrees just before 3.3 launched though and there weren’t any at the time IIRC.

A mild aside on that small permit locked region - I came across it years ago by following an asterism, which from the California nebula looked almost exactly the same shape as the layout of the first Guardian site. I doubt there’s any actual connection, but it was an interesting find nonetheless! (When I say I came across it, I just mean finding it personally. I’m not claiming I was first to find it, just to be clear. Though admittedly I didn’t come across very many discovered systems nearby.)
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and Louis Calvert