Louis Calvert
Jan 8, 2023
#28,822
Thatchinho said:
A few years back (more than 5 now!) I did a POI for the GMP covering what had been discovered by players about Guardian space and (possibly) Thargoid territory at that point.

It’s been slightly superseded now, but still might be worth a read for anyone who wasn’t around (or heavily involved) then.

EDSM - Elite Dangerous Star Map
The Galactic Positioning System of Elite: Dangerous at your service.
www.edsm.net

(I hasten to add that there’s nothing in it that I think is Raxxla related, so this is really just for general interest as the topic’s been coming up a bit.)
Click to expand...
That's an interesting reminder, thanks

I'm actually trying to track a mystery down that related to Braintrees, maybe someone can help with that (assuming that Scriveners might be related to the Raxxla hunt, etc).

This map from ED Astrometrics shows braintree locations on the border between the Sanguineous Rim and Inner Orion spur (bottom left of the big blob), but I just can't find any documented discoveries there.
SPOILER: BRAINTREE MAP



Looking at the Codex, there's a single Reported Guardian Codex (monolith) reported in Outotz LS-K D8-3 for the Sanguineous Rim, but I can't find it. Comparing the ED Astrometrics map of the Guardian sites with the Braintree map, that particular Braintree blob doesn't seem to corelate to an recorded Guardian ruins.

I've checked the Canonn list of Guardian sites, and the Canonn list of Braintree sites and I can't find anything that might be this mysterious blob or that reported discovery in Outotz. I've generally googled around and can't find anything. ED Astrometrics says it got that data from the usual sources (not self-reported).

My guess is that maybe someone(s) found them while exploring but didn't not them on the Canonn lists or anywhere else.

Does anyone have any ideas?

I'm in the Flaming Star Nebula area now since I think that's approximately where the ED Astrometrics map shows the blob...