Jorki Rasalas
Jan 8, 2023
#28,824
John [Panzertard] Stoutbeard said:
Keep in mind that was back in the days when we only had the ADS (Advanced Discovery Scanners). Now we have the FSS.
Back then the USS was personal, per commander instance, Not shared. You had to fly to discover them. Now the USSs are shared and detectable with the FSS.
Things have changed. Instead we have all these new mechanics from Horizons & Odyssey.


I tend to agree with you, but I also suspect since things have changed I no longer believe we can 'just fly to it' anymore. Again because of the drastic changes in game mechanics since 2015. But there are still fairly 'easy' methods.
My question is; 'Is finding Raxxla compatible with purely Horizons and, do we need Odyssey to get an advantage getting more advanced clues?'
An example:
It brings the question; With updated game-engine, to get access to Raxxla or get access to new personal clues - do we need to use newer mechanics?
I still believe PF permission (normal mechanics) is one thing that is used somewhere. (Shinrarta Dezhra, Sirius etc).
But I also suspect that these newer mechanics bring new opportunities to get more hints.

I don't think it is required to have Odyssey to FIND Raxxla. Horizons should be enough since it's available to everyone now.
Click to expand...
I may be a bit more sceptical than you...or maybe I’m just getting crotchety with old age!

I suspect that Raxxla has not been materially changed at all since the gamma & I don't think Odyssey will bring any new clues.

I also suspect it was originally hidden, either by a permit (which we probably all have by now obtained!) or by a set of conditions which were only introduced later. The reason for this belief is Drew Wagar’s statement that DB said something along the lines of “Raxxla is in-game, we (i.e. FD) know where it is and we know why it hasn't been found”. Drew only mentioned that latter bit in a couple of references I’ve found.

The other reason for my beliefs are the way I think FD/DB/MB operate, and the apparent lack of open knowledge of anything to do with Raxxla within FD-I’m metagaming! If Raxxla had been updated then more people would have been invoved (graphics designers, game designers, code implementers...) which would make the secret much harder to keep...so I think there would have been leaks.

P.S. I also suspect the FSS will be no help at all in finding Raxxla!
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard