Jorki Rasalas
Dec 1, 2020
#19,885
Han_Zen said:
We don't know really. The claim of a definite place comes from 'The earliest documented stories', that we don't have access to.
We can guess that Rafe Zetter had access to some of them and knew what he was taking about.

If so, Raxxla is a Planet of some kind. It could also be a moon, as that is basically the same thing.
It's not a star, a system or a black hole.

Rafe says that on Raxxla there is an alien construct, that's a gateway to other Universes. This may mean that there is nothing special about the planet. It's the construct that is important.

<snip>
Click to expand...

I think I’d dispute that conclusion! A moon, star, system or Black Hole can all be said to be “definite places”!
As also are space stations, comets (at least if you can land on the surface!), etc, & even a nebula might be viewed as being a definite place, though I would agree logically that is pretty thin and I’m not proposing Raxxla as being a nebula!

I believe FD have said the only lore we can rely on is that within the game (can someone please give me the reference for that statement?), i.e. the Codex and Tourist Beacons, so we can’t rely on what Rafe said in the original novella. The Codex does give a hint as to the possible existence of an associated alien construct when it talks about the Omphalos Rift, but we don’t know what that is (we can’t safely draw any conclusions from Greek mythology since by definition that is not in-game!), or even if it is since the Codex wording is rather vague, with sufficient doubt thrown up that Lyta Crane, Omphalos etc could all be just hogwash. I think DB &/or MB said (again, reference please!!) we shouldn’t believe everything we read in-game (yes, I know DW said this also; I think it’s a common theme, with The Club & various in-game political figures deliberately misleading us for their own purposes).

I’ve previously hypothesised that the logo in the Raxxla Codex looks like the homing lights in a station, possibly with the 33 dots as the lights around the letterbox? so perhaps a station (possibly the stealthy DW station??) was built around Raxxla/Omphalos to hide it? Perhaps you need to do something in a station to activate Raxxla/the Rift?
Last edited: Dec 1, 2020
Reactions:
turkwinif, Dr. Lexus, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person