Han_Zen
Dec 1, 2020
#19,887
Jorki Rasalas said:
I think I’d dispute that conclusion! A moon, star, system or Black Hole can all be said to be “definite places”!
As also are space stations, comets (at least if you can land on the surface!), etc, & even a nebula might be viewed as being a definite place, though I would agree logically that is pretty thin and I’m not proposing Raxxla as being a nebula!

I believe FD have said the only lore we can rely on is that within the game (can someone please give me the reference for that statement?), i.e. the Codex and Tourist Beacons, so we can’t rely on what Rafe said in the original novella. The Codex does give a hint as to the possible existence of an associated alien construct when it talks about the Omphalos Rift, but we don’t know what that is (we can’t safely draw any conclusions from Greek mythology since by definition that is not in-game!), or even if it is since the Codex wording is rather vague, with sufficient doubt thrown up that Lyta Crane, Omphalos etc could all be just hogwash. I think DB &/or MB said (again, reference please!!) we shouldn’t believe everything we read in-game (yes, I know DW said this also; I think it’s a common theme, with The Club & various in-game political figures deliberately misleading us for their own purposes).

I’ve previously hypothesised that the logo in the Raxxla Codex looks like the homing lights in a station, possibly with the 33 dots as the lights around the letterbox? so perhaps a station (possibly the stealthy DW station??) was built around Raxxla/Omphalos to hide it? Perhaps you need to do in a station to activate Raxxla/the Rift?
Click to expand...

Yeah, of course. The Planet / Moon thing is only true if we interpret the 'The earliest documented stories' to mean The Dark Wheel.

Unless something has been changed, I doubt the DW station has anything to physically do with Raxxla. The gudelines for the authors apparently made it clear that TDW never found Raxxla.
Last edited: Dec 1, 2020
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas, yelboc, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person