CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Feb 7, 2022
#25,266
I think I need to share something because in a single GalNet I just had a huge epiphany (and it means pretty much everything I was thinking on this may be right). GalNet in question seems innocent enough but holy heck is it important. The GalNet is entitled "Controversy at Film Festival" and it's from 03 August 3305. Here's the relevant bit:

The Alliance Tribune’s cultural correspondent Corinne Macintyre offered these details:

“A grand celebration of cinematic art took place at George Lucas station, featuring a wide range of traditional and interactive media from dozens of systems.”

“The talking point was undoubtedly ‘Unity’, a historical drama from award-winning director Hal Raskin. It portrays Alliance founders Mic Turner and Meredith Argent as rivals who faked their romance to rally political support.”

“More traditionalist audiences – and not a few critics – took issue with the suggestion that the couple’s love was fraudulent, while others applauded it as bold and challenging. But this lively debate did nothing to dampen spirits at the event, which drew appreciative crowds.”

----

So, why exactly is this important? The Jedi Marriage Law:

Marriages could be dissolved through divorce. In the Jedi Order, emotional attachment and possession were forbidden because they could lead to jealousy and fear of loss, and ultimately the dark side of the Force; for that reason, Jedi were not allowed to marry.

What this means:

CMDRs are the Jedi of the Elite Dangerous universe. More specifically, the Dark Wheel and The Club are two names for the same entity: Elite Pilots' Federation. You cannot get invited, because you are already a member (albeit novitiate unless you are amongst the Elite). This also means all the superpowers are lipstick on a pig to convince the populace and the uninitiated CMDRs (keep in mind even the Duvals had CMDRs amongst them). The Club is real and you're all part of it (whether you are independent, Federal, Imperial, or Alliance aligned). The Club is highest ranking members of the Pilot's Federation which are all part of the Elite Pilots' Federation. In fact, there aren't actually separate superpowers. It's all an illusion of choice. There is no free will because The Pilot's Federation is the unitarian government over everything. This is why those white stations are important. They are the regional headquaters of The Pilot's Federation and by connection the Elite Pilot's Federation. Which only goes to reaffirm my suspicions that Raxxla is in Facece (home of INRA/A.E.G.I.S./Imperial Navy/whatever is the current term for the organization) orbiting one of the moons of the gas giant/y-class brown dwarf that is body 6 of the system. It's less than 10 lightyears from Achernar and considering the joint operation was called the "Intergalactic Naval Reserve Arm" it makes perfect since why it would be called intergalactic. That being said, we're all part of INRA, too. If you look at both Federation and Empire we aren't really those ranks - we're auxiliary (or reserve) members of the Federal Navy or Imperial Navy:

Federal Navy Auxiliary | Federal Navy Ranks

Imperial Navy Auxiliary | Imperial Navy Ranks

This is why INRA was called the Intergalactic Naval Reserve Arm. We, the CMDRs, are INRA/The Club/The Dark Wheel/etc. It's all different names for the same group.

All the old lore is legit. The Club and Raxxla were canon from the get go. They hid who they were since they run all the governments of humanity.

One final thing if you don't believe me that it really could this damn simple I challenge you to come up with a viable explanation for the site that announced the launch of the BGS had the clues about given in programming language known as "brainf***" - see Wikipedia (forums will not let me post this link).

Transport Lakon Baker Gamma Sierra Heavy
Last edited: Feb 7, 2022
Reactions:
Maks Freeman, CMDR Davanix, Adel and 1 other person