CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Feb 8, 2022
#25,275
Jorki Rasalas said:
But Raxxla may not be in any of those colonised systems, it could be in any system visited during the human expansion to those colonies, or nearby but beyond that bubble. I think the 2296 date is intended to set a limit on the search radius, the radius being defined by those colonies. IIRC it was just before Achenar was colonised, which means Achenar had been discovered & explored by then, which sets the search radius at around 95 ly (going from memory, with only half a mug of breakfast coffee imbibed so far, so the little grey cells are only half awake!).

This to me is the likeliest intention of that first rumour date. So it (or perhaps the start of the “storyline” to find it) could be anywhere within ~100ly of Sol. The huge proviso to that hypothesis is that people had started long distance exploration trips of the galaxy even at gamma release (when I think the galaxy was opened up to everyone, before that it was limited to a small alpha/beta galactic test bubble). Now ED started in 3300, long after the 2296 first rumour date, so I dont think that test bubble is relevant BUT Raxxla could also be anywhere that had been visited and the pilot had successfully returned to sell the data to UC ( assuming FD have been strictly logical about its placement). The search radius could be increased if you took the furthest system position from Sol that existed in the original game (using ED distances), since that was really where the legend of Raxxla started...

So, the only thing we know for sure is that its probably alien (DW statement that it was covered in the alien lore book which has not been released or leaked to us), hence likely either Guardian or Thargoid. Given the preponderance of the triangular motif in the UC screen and very brief (IMHO deliberate obscuration, perhaps a !) appearance in the ship’s nav panel, and similarity between that triangular motif and Guardian symbology, I am firmly convinced Raxxla is Guardian technology. Ram Tah’s decodes showed that Guardians were a space faring race that bioengineered races they encountered (often for hunting and eating!). Given the triangular motif in PF-controlled ship systems there is still a strong possibility lorewise that human evolution was engineered by the Guardians (wether as food, or as anti-Thargoid measure, or perhaps as successors; note to self, must watch Children of Dune on Netflix!) leading to the hypotheses that Raxxla is either in Sol or in Shinrarta Dezhra (PF HQ). This is all very tentative reasoning based on little supporting evidence. We also have Ram Tah’s statement that they had ark ships, so Raxxla could be one of those, now degraded by cosmic dust fall to resemble a moon, or engineered by the human cabal who control it into a human artefact such as a space station or installation (the latter have tunnels, for no sensible reason, which might be the omphalos).

Personally, following my “hunt the princess” storyline hypothesis, I’m still stuck on Aurora Astrum, desultorily searching in the dark (very long rotation period) for something that looks like an omphalos, losing interest and beginning to investigate an alternative (& ludicrously buggy) universe in SC.

Edit: TDW originated from the very earliest days of space exploration, which implies based in Sol. And yes, I’m also suspicious of Jacque’s journeying. I think most Orbis have engines- they’re the big things at the back! but his journeying was suspiciously highlighted in Galnet, and his long life means he probably has some knowledge not available to us. He could indeed be part of/the originator behind TDW. This is another reason I decided to follow my “hunt the princess” hypothesis- Aurora Astrum is only 27 ly or so from him. Barkeeps hear many secrets, he could have heard of a strange discovery then guided the Rxxla rumour. IIRC the station he inhabits started out in a system near Achenar.
Click to expand...
Okay, so here's something else. In the event, it wasn't in Facece (though that makes more sense than a lot of places), I still think the odds run better in Imperial Space. There's several reasons for this:

1) Jacques: Battle of Hell's Gate: I don't think he fought in Phekda (thus why there is a Topaz in both Facece and Phekda to confuse matters) and can find zero supporting evidence to that end. He may have actually fought in the Battle of Achenar. Achenar is Hell's Gate as it is the end of the river of Hades ( Eridanos (River of Hades) and Eridanus Constellation). This means Jacques has been there from almost the very beginning.

2) The palm stations especially Black Mausoleum were actually built by the Imperials (covered in Wanted and the system description for indicates the architecture was from a very specific era - 2950-3150). Also, the other white stations (non-tourist) are ocellus designed which is also Imperial. It should be noted lore-wise that Ocellus stations are designed from the ground up to be mobile (either intra-system or inter-system) - see ocellus wiki entry. Jacques station is actually one of a handful of modified Orbis stations. I think the one in Robigo (Hauser's Reach) and Almagest (Sirius Reach and Attenborough Terminal) is similarly modified.

3) Capella - There are moons there called Duval's Grave and Lawrence's Grave. Does anyone know if Marlin Duval had a husband? However, its a bit far away from either Sol or Achenar and I still have no clue which Duval this was. However, realistically, prior to 2300 propulsion systems were the big hang uo. So, possibly in the immediate neighborhoods of those systems.

4) This was during the pre-hyperspace era. Any transit to a new system happened at sublight speeds. Yes, Codex states Achenar is colonized mid-2200s and that leaves 46 years but we cannot really safely assume human access even primitive hyperspace tech until sometime in the 2300s.

On a side note, based on everything I suspect TDW's station is in the same system if it isn't mobile. If it is, though, Sirius Corporation needs to be investigated (will add though I think there was a GalNet that those are more recent) especially those systems I mentioned as they are founded in 2200 (96 years prior to the Raxxla first mention) as does Jacques. When I get back in the Bubble, I am going to start working on confirming if there are other white ocellus stations that aren't tourist (they typically have statues).
Last edited: Feb 8, 2022
Reactions:
Rochester, John Stoutbeard and Adel