Jorki Rasalas
Feb 8, 2022
#25,271
Rochester said:
The hemisphere of interest could be very large, therefore it does need to be analysed in comparison with other elements, such as the paths of various gen ships, relation of star constellations etc as this may provide some correlations…or conjunction / it may not, it could be anywhere in that haystack.

It’s debatable how far back we can rely upon information concerning interstellar travel (gen ships/drones etc)… the intelligence gives us a date, that date sets a hemisphere of influence. It could be anywhere inside, but if FD has dropped some other clues, in lore / in game etc then they could provide some insight.

For instance, on ‘the outer rim’…. What outer rim? Could that be the outer rim of this sphere of influence?

Close to this sphere of influence (too early for me too) is Pandemonium. Which could link back to Paradise Lost and the skin of Brookes and possibly the older Dark Wheel missions… when viewed in totality do they convey something?

I am infuriatingly locked out of the game since December following a botched patch install (my 2nd PS4 account is active but I need the PC to grab decent screen grabs / permits etc).

Ironically I use such analysis methods in RL but for a very long time I’ve adversely avoided their application in game, because… well it’s too much untrusted data / grind.

However I feel there is something to this, I feel the date does provide us a area of interest. I just need to refocus my primary account to this task and do some mapping…

I have an active ticket open with FD - so I may be out of the game for some time still. If there is anyone else proficient in geospatial analysis; I propose this sector of space it temporarily mapped.
Click to expand...
Well the outer rim needs context. Pluto was the outer rim of Sol system at the time of gamma, outer rim (reminiscent of a Wheel) could be the surface of the human bubble at the time (Sol-Achenar radius), outer rim of the Milky Way? Outer rim of TDW (wheels within wheels reference from Premonition?). Wasnt Paradise Lost based on several spheres of hell? “Music of the spheres” concept, the outer sphere being Heaven? Just another woolly “clue”!!!

Cant you run up your PC with an alternative OS and get access to your logfiles? Or safe boot it?? Or is the PC & Windows ok & it’s a game install problem? In the latter case I’d delete it (after saving logfiles etc) and reinstall then copy the logs back in.
Last edited: Feb 8, 2022