[Diplomacy] Carnegie
Jul 31, 2019
#10,058
CMDR Maylor Rom said:
Just a personal comment on the hunt for Raxxla.

After four plus years of theories on the where-abouts of Raxxla, with some of them rivaling the theories of the best scientific minds of our time in physics and astronomy, we have found nothing. Not one shred of what we could call evidence or proof, other than two statements from those at Frontier. This endevour reminds me of the Kryptos code outside of CIA Headquarters which no one has yet cracked. Almost 20 years after its dedication, the text has yet to be fully deciphered. It took ten years to crack the code of our own DNA, yet here we are four plus years into this search, and we have no clues at all, no workable theory, and no idea of what we need to do.

I have come to the conclusion, that if FDev makes no further statements on the matter, this has now become a fable at best and a hoax in the worst case, perpetuated by Frontier and dependent on our gullibility and belief in a story which seems to have little cohesion, based purely on lore. Frontier has a gold mine here. We all want the lore to be true. Some of us are so engaged we spend our time searching. Frontier is keeping us on the hook now with "no clues" and "it's in the game" as everyone loves a mystery.

Although I have enjoyed the journey, learned much about the galaxy and the game, and have met interesting people from around the world. I now believe that we ourselves keep the lore alive because it was given to us decades ago by Frontier for a game we love. Only when Frontier want's us to find Raxxla, will they give us the bread crumbs we need to find it. I also believe Frontier may have set aside some current permit locked system for Raxxla, but as of this date, Frontier does not have any current or future lore written for us to discover. I believe the 2020 Update, which is a paid DLC, will contain more about the hunt for Raxxla and any update after this will continue the saga.

For the game we have now, Raxxla is nothing but lore and fiction.

o7...
Click to expand...

Which is EXACTLY why I'm still enjoying the hunt for Raxxla.

The Formidine Rift mystery was ruined the moment FDev decided they wanted us to find it - the clues became increasingly simplistic until we were basically spoonfed the location of the Zurara (with direct assistance from DrewW to make sure we got it right). The absolute last thing I want to happen is for FDev to decide 'Okay, it's time for them to find Raxxla', because at that point the story is 'on rails' and there's nothing we can do to direct it.

And so we find Raxxla, and then what?
Are FDev going to add a whole new mystery to the game? No, they're not, since there are clearly no story-tellers left on the project. The Halsey and Jacques storylines are dead, Gan Romero shows no signs of being anything other than another fluff piece that FDev have already forgotten about.

Whatever the 'new era' brings, it sure isn't going to be announced with "Hey, we put some cool stuff in the galaxy but there's no way for you to find it. What? Spacelegs? Oh, no, none of that stuff. Maybe after we do atmospheric landings in 2022".

So yeah, I'll take no clues and especially no breadcrumbs thanks.
Reactions:
sgurr, AOpsyche, Scytale and 6 others