Rochester
May 4, 2021
#23,128
CMDRCorrFelian said:
Latest theory (though I haven't given up on the calculation idea). The idea here is to keep it simple or kinda obvious. Surprisingly this approach isn't awful..

We start with the Raxxla Codex symbol:
View attachment 224995

This surprisingly may tell us more than we realize. Let's start with the center:
View attachment 224996

That is clearly a symbol for a very certain star (specifically one named for the Latin word for sun/star: solis). Solis is usually shortened for Earth's host star to the simple: Sol. It isn't the most imaginative name for the nuclear fireball responsible for all life but hey its ours. Additionally, the ring on the outer edge of the Sol/Sun symbol servces a secondary purpose - the dividing line between terresterial and gas giant planets. Furthermore, the arcs mean there are four ringed worlds Jupiter (diminuitive rings), Saturn (large very visible rings), Uranus (the ringed lopsided planet), and Neptune (again diminuitive rings). The inner ring represents the first set of rings and the arcs represent the other three. The dashed line is the dividing line between planets and Trans-Neptunian Objects (TNOs) and Kuiper Belt Objects in the inner portion of the outer fringes of the Sol System. Then we have the 6 dark polygons. It turns out Sol has an outermost region known as the Scattered Disk Objects (SDOs - ) and there are exactly 6 of these that are in the game:
-Quaoar
-Makemake
-(225088) 2007 OR10 or Gonggong
-Eris
-Sedna
-Persephone

The connections though don't end there. There are four tourist beacons in Sol that really important:

Sol - Ancient History -
Mankind's first ventures into space were tentative and gradual. The early part of the 21st century saw the first manned spaceflights beyond the moon, but it took major population and economic problems to stimulate enough commercial commitment to start settlements beyond Earth.
The Third World War saw this exploration expenditure dragged back again and it wasn't until the very end of the 21st century that colonies on Mars and the Moon became truly permanent and viable.
After the war, the dominant power was the United States of the Americas, and as the remaining other countries joined it over the next few decades, it was renamed the Federation of the United States and later "The Federation" as the implied reference to one of the pre-war powers was a block to the remaining countries joining it. It had a constitution and laws derived from the earlier powers, but much simplified.

Sol - Non-Human Artifact-
In 2280, the first non-human relic was found in space. The object was found buried on Mars; it was no bigger than a child's hand and is still surrounded in secrecy, even in 3300. No information has ever been circulated as to the properties of this item or its origin, other than it is non-human.

Sol - Second Terraforming Attempt (Mars)-
In 2291, the second attempt to terraform Mars was eventually successful. The techniques employed were crude by later standards and the project had taken nearly a hundred years, but finally, humans could walk on the surface and breathe without the need for oxygen suits or respirators.

Sol - FIA Responsibilities-
The Federal Intelligence Agency is a secretive organisation that looks after Federal interests outside the Federation. It runs both espionage and counter-espionage operations, and provides covert support for Federal diplomats abroad, providing intelligence relating to foreign operations in addition to protection. It has also been pro-active on many occassions. It has been implicated in destabilising foreign governments, and helping those wíth which the Federal Government is sympathetic or when their causes are aligned. Its operations have gone as far as providing arms and training directly to rebels, assassinations, rigged elections, all done in a clandestine and deniable way.
The FIA also follows up on major interstellar crimes within the Federation, where the crome crosses outside Federal space. It is a secretive organisation (paralleling the Imperial IISS) specialising in corruption and high level crime, and is considered not very accountable.

Then there are three critical ones in Tau Ceti and Beta Hydri respectively (two in Tau Ceti and one in Beta Hydri respectively):

Tau Ceti - Early Hyperspace-
The 22nd century saw early pioneering projects begin to take shape. The discovery of a workable hyperspace theory and the design of the first unreliable, inefficient and slow 'faster than light' drive (compared to those we are used to in 3300) opened the possibility of exploration and settlement. A new frontier of science and engineering opened, confirmed by the first detailed messages and system scans to be received back to Earth from an interstellar probe sent to the Tau Ceti system years earlier. This led to a corporate race-for-the-stars as massive colony projects were founded, funded, built and launched, together with hundreds of automated probes sent to all the nearby systems.

Tau Ceti - First Interstellar Colony-
Tau Ceti was the first colony established outside of Sol. Tau Ceti 3 (now called Taylor Colony) had long been determined viable for habitation with life already present (due to free oxygen detected in the atmosphere absorption spectra) - though observation and probe data confirmed this. By 2159, the settlement was largely self-sufficient and able to elect a civilian administrator.

Beta Hydri - Innitu's Assassination
In 3251, the publication of "The Thargoids: Truth and Fiction" by Dr Joreb Innitu of the Alien Studies Department of the Ghandi Institute based on Wicca's World (Alioth) inflamed tension between the Alliance and other political powers. He was ambushed and assassinated whilst leaving the Beta Hydri system after a scientific conference.

Earth knew probably before Tau Ceti was even confirmed as being a viable candidate for habitation something strange lurked in the outer reaches of our weird solar system. This also nicely explains how the Mars Artifact came to be in Sol. You see RAXXLA has probably been in humanity's backyard since the dawn of time. I am going to attempt to prove that this week.

By the way, the first and unauthorized release of Philip Sidney's "Astrophil and Stella" contained numerous typographical errors including the title "Astrophel and Stella". In the case of the Raxxla Codex, the connection is this - Astrophel and Stella are star-crossed lovers who are destined to never work out -- seeing each other only occassionally but spending most of their time apart. This is a hint at the orbital type of where Raxxla is likely located: extreme eccentricity.

I will leave you this from the article on Sedna from Wikipedia () :

Click to expand...
Good hypothesis, and an interesting take on the symbolism, this is something which a few of us here are already onto; Sol also lines up with many of the earlier and lost Dark Wheel missions; ‘obfuscated on the outer rim (kinda obvious), and ‘silent song of the spheres’. The intersecting lines may also indicate Sol as a ‘sun wheel’ , and the dotted lines something hidden.

Urania

OURANIA (Urania) was one of the nine Mousai (Muses), the goddesses of music, song and dance. In the Classical era, when the Mousai were assigned specific artistic and literary spheres, Ourania was named Muse of astronomy and astronomical writings. In this guise she was depicted pointing at a celestial globe with a rod.

The planet Uranus is named after her.

Within the song of the spheres Urania represented the outer sphere/s of our Sol system, Urania was also heavily referred to in the works of John Milton; one of M Brookes favourite authors, writer of Paradise Lost; Urania also is a key character; theme with Philip Sidneys ‘The Countess of Pembrokeshire Arcadia’; written for Sidneys litter sister (children’s story) Mary Sidney.

Obfuscated on the outer rim, could simply mean obscured within the sphere of Urania or in space - its just somewhere in space. Beyond that was Jasper Sea, then a Crystalline sphere, then the Primum Mobile and lastly a Spherical shell.

The term Astrophil or Astrophel is a historical mis-spelling due to editing, it is both I and E, and was created by Sidney as one of his alias; ‘princess’ Astrophel, is I feel, likely a clue to look to Mary Sidney; to whom Arcadia was dedicated. Arcadia is also referred to sometimes as ‘Arcadia, paradise lost’.

Sol maybe hiding something, I’m currently on the outer regions of the spheres, using the mrk i and mrk ii scanners.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8912557
Last edited: Aug 2, 2021
Reactions:
simulacrae, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Spaceman Spiff and 2 others