CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
May 5, 2021
#23,139
Rochester said:
07

Thanks, that’s some good logical reasoning and referencing, the article gives a good indicator of where to find it, yet another reason to be in the Sol system.

Forgive my credulousness, I gave up on taking Galnet seriously several years ago, one of the biggest issues in ED is trusting it’s own sources enough to invest your time in them, especially if that source was originally intended to be a key and trusted resource towards finding things but ultimately became diluted with filler and fluff which didn’t physically relate to what’s was in the game, and casting actual very good intelligence into disrepute (something that FD seem to have only recently acknowledged as being a problem).

This is doubly painful if your a sporadic player like myself, who ends up chasing windmills, but I agree with you, that it’s out there and needs to be located.

This is encouraging. I’ve been looking for something to get me back into the game on a more continuous period.
Click to expand...
One thing I made a mistake about game year vs real year. The Galnet was from 2018. However, even that begs the question of when was it added? Also, why only promote it when the FSS scanner is added. My next idea is to see if these act like unregistered comms beacons and broadcast at a specific time something else. New Horizons continuously beeps and chirps. Just trying to determine if I need to record or there is a special broadcast. Anyway, will take several days to deduce if these have a deeper lore purpose or what. The thing is Sol is one of the only handcrafted systems in the game and it very obvious. The whole system acts different. This is a why I am deeply suspicious of New Horizons especially given what that mission was studying. They wanted us to find New Horizons especially .. but why?

simulacrae said:
Great point about New Horizon
Thinking about horizons...some thoughts on New Dawns as well...

New Dawn station at Ceos helps solve UA damage (wont mention the sheer number of stations with horizon in them)
Arissa crowned emperor... today a new dawn broke (and ya dont forget all the Emperors Dawn stuff)
Colonizing Colonia ... a new dawn
New Dawn Collection Stolen... beginning of Winking Cat thefts (yes I believe he was winking at us for a reason)

Seems like "new dawns" happen with big events... also some connections with the Empire

The capitol of the empire Achenar - aka (i checked, searched for HD 10144 and it took me to Achenar) ... Achernar. ( the end of the river)
being the celestial river (Po i suppose, or in India... or numerous other rivers apparently according to Brown). Associations with Phaeton and possibly the Eleusian path of souls... need to look into more.

Reminds me the of the Path of Souls is created by the ... which incidentally is what New Horizons was studying...

So I find myself back at (worth a peruse I think)

Described by as the intersection of two circels ( remind you of anything the winking cat might have ?)

The two circles being the milky way and the ecliptic .... (saraswati (celestial river) and(?))

Might provide a direction for someone to head in sol... or maybe its just pointing at the Pleiades
Click to expand...
Not going to post as there may be spoilers but Yamiks posted something related to a"New Dawn" on April 4th or 5th. Look for a preview image containing leeks/onions. Just know you need to watch Frontier Developments official postings very closely this entire month. Since I cannot confirm or deny what he posted I will just leave it at that.
Last edited: May 5, 2021
Reactions:
simulacrae and Rochester