selbie
Mar 24, 2024
#33,708
The identification of PASS within the codex got me thinking about the toast's use of 'brow' again, and its meaning as the summit of a mountain pass.

Niphates as Rochester had pointed out recently, was the mountain range north of paradise / eden. Spansh brings up a Nipiates system.


I know that the angel Uriel was tricked by Satan to gain access to the garden. Are there any systems or features that could correlate to a pass of some kind?

Secondly, in the context of Milton, I can see a lot of parallels in the toast with this epic poem.
The Parent's grief - Adam and Eve are the first parents of humanity. Even referred to as "Our ling'ring parents" being rushed out of Eden to the eastern gate.
Lover's woe - Adam and Eve discovering guilt after temptation, and their tears after leaving Eden - "Som natural tears they drop'd, but wip'd them soon;".
Yearning of our vagabond hearts - humanity cursed with original sin, a sin brought about by Satan to bring the Fall.
Whisperer in witchspace - Satan / The Serpent
Siren of the Deepest Void - Sirens being the winged creatures much like satan luring people to their doom, and the Deepest Void could be represented by Hell at the "deepest" zone within chaos / the void.

So that leaves the jewel on the brow, and the mother of galaxies.
If the jewel is either the entry point to the Empyrean or the gates of Eden - ie. on the brow of the mountain, then the gate could represent a "state of cosmic enlightenment" fitting the codex as well.
Extending from that you could say our cosmos and all the galaxies within are part of the pendent world and thus the jewel on the brow is an aspect of God's creation - who 'gave birth' to our cosmos.

If the Toast is directed to Raxxla, then the jewel is therefore symbolic of a gateway to access a paradise-like place. To reinforce this idea, the Omphalos Rift is the navel or centre of the [cosmic] world. So the symbol of the gates being this cosmic rift seems appropriate.

How does this translate to a video game? Probably not a lot directly, BUT perhaps it is a clue to indicate the framework of the greater Raxxla puzzle, such as Rochester's named systems theory.

Perhaps if there are parental / lover figures in mythology that exist as named systems? That could be a strong indication of a clear puzzle taking shape.
Last edited: Mar 24, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae, Rochester and Jorki Rasalas