Rochester
Mar 25, 2024
#33,711
selbie said:
The identification of PASS within the codex got me thinking about the toast's use of 'brow' again, and its meaning as the summit of a mountain pass.

Niphates as Rochester had pointed out recently, was the mountain range north of paradise / eden. Spansh brings up a Nipiates system.


I know that the angel Uriel was tricked by Satan to gain access to the garden. Are there any systems or features that could correlate to a pass of some kind?

Secondly, in the context of Milton, I can see a lot of parallels in the toast with this epic poem.

So that leaves the jewel on the brow, and the mother of galaxies.
If the jewel is either the entry point to the Empyrean or the gates of Eden - ie. on the brow of the mountain, then the gate could represent a "state of cosmic enlightenment" fitting the codex as well.
Extending from that you could say our cosmos and all the galaxies within are part of the pendent world and thus the jewel on the brow is an aspect of God's creation - who 'gave birth' to our cosmos.

If the Toast is directed to Raxxla, then the jewel is therefore symbolic of a gateway to access a paradise-like place. To reinforce this idea, the Omphalos Rift is the navel or centre of the [cosmic] world. So the symbol of the gates being this cosmic rift seems appropriate.

How does this translate to a video game? Probably not a lot directly, BUT perhaps it is a clue to indicate the framework of the greater Raxxla puzzle, such as Rochester's named systems theory.

Perhaps if there are parental / lover figures in mythology that exist as named systems? That could be a strong indication of a clear puzzle taking shape.
Click to expand...

Good find O7

Nipiates was one of the first systems I checked, sadly in my opinion it is too far removed from the core aspects identified elsewhere - so in my opinion it’s not the intended Niphates from Paradise Lost.

In my experience certain intentional naming conventions used in game are accurate; FD have either utilised the original spelling from the original language/s, or the English version.

Niphates is not Nipiates. It looks to me to be a fictional word. Plus it’s spacial location is too far removed from those systems linked via the Lost Realms context in that area, and other aspects such as the various pantheons or the larger cosmological model.

I think it’s a missed opportunity on FD part, but maybe it was a little too obvious, as this location essentially pin-pointed Eden on Earth in Paradise Lost.

So I’m wondering if FD intentionally omitted it, like they’ve seemingly done so with other locations from Paradise Lost, as the text has lots of locational markers, so one could technically replicate it in 3D…

This does not take away this might be an intentional mis-spelling, a clue to look in this area, or it’s part of something else. I’ve seen various systems which look very far removed, but have some tenuous link, I suspect these were applied as a series of way-markers to point us in the general area? Or they were built as some form of humorous in-joke?

Going back to the garden map concept.

I’m wondering if those cedars in the garden design are an integral element to finding the correct area?

Cedars encircled the hills that protected Eden. And cedars were utilised in the Epic of Gilgamesh, there was the forest of cedars which he had to pass through to gain entry to an otherworld!

I wonder if these somehow have been implemented in game, or equally likely it’s just coincidence?
Last edited: Mar 25, 2024
Reactions:
selbie