simulacrae
Dec 2, 2024
#35,475
Jorki Rasalas said:
Yep. Persephone is very suspicious-how come it's so light? Last time I was there (years ago) I could see perfectly well...its the farthest planet darnit, it should be pitch black (without Vin Diesel)!!

But Triton is a good contender. Permit locked, no way to get the permit. When I first got the Sol permit I watched a steady stream of Fed Navy ships going there & coming from it (though that traffic had died down when I last looked). However I suspect if FD are playing at all straight with us and Raxxla is locatable then methinks hidden in the rings of Neptune would be a very good bet, assuming Triton is related to the Raxxla puzzle! Speculating here but wouldn't be surprised if Raxxla is the ship that brought the Guardian/AI to Sol system & that Guardian (suspended animation- the Dream Sleep or whatever it was named in Galnet?)/AI is housed at Triton.

I guess it was just a matter of time before i brought up the Templars....

Thinking about Triton - I remember the Tattoo... MB had the Triton from the Pena Palace.... It stood over the Coral Gate. The Pena Palace is near by the Quinta da Regaleria both in the region of the Sintra Mountains. Sintra is Cynthia.... Diana ....Artemis

The Templars stayed in Portugal after their dissolution... became the Knights of Christ... The Freemasons are said to have used rituals from the Templars... Makes me wonder about the Raxxla symbol Idea.

Quinta da Regaleria is the location of a garden supposedly used for Freemason initiation rites. Levels of cosmic Ascencion etc... The bottom of the Initiation Well provides rock cut tunnels which takes you to various locations... One of which is the Portal of the Guardians...

The Pisões Loggia - one of the entrances to the Quinta da Regaleria, has an interesting symbol carved into its floor - i suppose it is being used as a drain?
SPOILER: SYMBOL


Im starting to wonder if the vague pattern in quite a few stories ive been noticing is related to some "secret' story associated with the freemason initiation rite...
Reactions:
Rochester