Louis Calvert
Dec 2, 2024
#35,472
Inverted Walrus said:
I'm inclined to agree. However it's worth considering that while they may not be significant to us, they could be very significant to the goids.
I think the issue here is that that perspective is only available from a meta analysis - as in, you and I and all here have a much greater knowledge of the in-game lore than people in-game do, and we also have access to the fact that the lore we have is very limited, therefore it's (to some degree) self filtering.

Within the lore of the game - the reality of the game - there's a very clear line drawn (recent Galnet articles) between the Thargoids 'interrogating' Seo Jin-ae and Cocijo zooming off towards Sol. Very, very clear line there, no question that the Titan (AKA a Thargoid Hive Queen) found something interesting in Seo's mind.

I was pointing out that we know about the Martian Relic and Triton because there's not really much "super weird" lore in the game left, and they have always been hot topics of conversation here - BUT - within the lore, within the reality of the game, what's the chances that Seo Jin-ae knows about the Martian Relic or the PF permit lock on Triton?

If she doesn't know, or is unlikely to know, then Cocijo won't know either. What she probably does know is that Sol is humanity's original birthplace, and she probably has an awareness of the general shape of politics relating to leaders and where they are.

I think this is a good example of the type of meta-analysis thinking that erroneously goes into a lot of Raxxla hunting - trying to solve the 'puzzle' at the level of the developers, rather than trying to solve in within the logic of the game. I guess it's like if someone were trying to finish a jigsaw by analysing the shapes of the pieces and ignoring the picture.

El Saico said:
The Martian relic might be unrelated, but the timing fits - it was discovered in 2280, only 16 years before Art Tornqvist's journal.
... but also anything that happened before 2296 also fits equally well! Maybe Galileo located Raxxla in 1611 and wrote about it in a secret journal, or it was detected by Hubble in 2003 but kept secret by NASA, or Li Qin Jao in 2212 identified Raxxla while conducting a hyperdrive experiment...

The question is: is 16 years enough time for a myth to form from it, and to make its way to the colloquialism of a shipboard mechanic in Tau Ceti to casually mention in his journal? If 16 makes it "fit", timing wise, what are the brackets on that for you? Is 25 years too long? 10 years too short? See what I mean

I'm honestly not sure either way if the Martian Relic is related to Raxxla - I suspect it was supposed to be related to the Guardians tbh but that's nothing more than an educated guess

I think we all want it to be something like a computer chip or a shard of pottery with glyphs on it, etc. but it might just as well be a lump of metal or something that's been worked with tools - that would definitely be "non human", but it wouldn't be enough to link it to any particular alien species, etc. back in 2280 it would be groundbreaking!
Reactions:
Rochester