selbie
Dec 2, 2024
#35,469
Rochester said:
Remember the references in development of the ‘Thargoid’ bible.

A lore document in FDs possession that outlined the narrative and backstory of the Thargoids, very likely the artwork too..

It’s logical FD would have a long plan for this IP but I am increasingly filled with incredulity considering the various circumstantial evidence, that this was not followed verbatim, and that a shift in development resulted in certain content being dropped and/or repurposed.

So might there exist an equal possibility the Relic no longer exists?

If it does exist it very likely is a keystone narrative element, therefore something we cant interact with and for that reason I don’t think it’s actually Raxxla, as it’s physically SO small, I think it’s an indication of alien technology.

The presumed emphasis of Milton would advocate Raxxla is a body in a fixed place, a liminal zone that uncovers something or provides some insight?

My point being, if the Relic or Triton are involved, there’s actively nothing we can do to resolve it, other than await FD decision to turn that narrative page, where as the Codex advocates Raxxla might be a location and it might be discoverable?
Click to expand...
I agree, and I recall your earlier concerns about Raxxla potentially being a gated narrative. However, I suspect this won't be the case.
I'm leaning toward the invasion and relic not being directly related to Raxxla. Sure there would be a tangential relationship via lineage of advanced alien civilisations, but to me this all seems to be pointing to the ancient Thargoid-Guardian conflict. I wonder if there is small chance we will see the narrative shift to revealing something about the Guardian Construct, or something that indicates the Thargoids are attempting to locate it.

Ever since our first game encounters, the Thargoids have scanned our ships.

Why? Because they are looking for a telltale signature.
To the unsuspecting eye their scans look like a shiny lens flare effect, but from my earlier studies of the guardian signals I suspect an intentional clue by FDev.
This signature is one very similar to the signals emitted by Guardian technology - specifically the obelisks.
SPOILER: OBELISK SIGNAL

Ram Tah's notes established that humans have a genetic similarity with the guardians, which might mean a shared ancestry.
If the Thargs have discovered the relic via Seo's memories, they may be now seeking our 'hive' to find it or something like it.
Either way, we feeble puny humans are likely not their focus and it seems they are pursuing the more ancient Guardian threat. Remember who started all this, and what technology he used to trigger the invasion.

Also, Triton has an atmosphere that, while needing a healthy dose of ammonia, makes it suitable for Thargoids. So I'm not surprised if FDev would choose that moon for whatever narrative will be revealed soon-ish.

Even though this event may not be related to Raxxla, with each new event that unfolds there is opportunity for FDev to insert contextual hints about Raxxla. They are also an opportunity help clear up more loose threads that have been muddying what is Raxxla-related and not.
Reactions:
Rochester and Jorki Rasalas