IDrankWhat
I
Oct 20, 2020
#19,392
I'll give this explanation a try, may have to edit a few times for clarity. There are currently two ways of interpreting the results that I can not yet rule out until I have made the first journey (I'm on the way, had to get a high jump range ship, engineer it and unlock a Guardian FSD); however, they all result from the premise. When considering this view of the toast, do not conflate this with finding Raxxla, or dismissing it out of hand due what we believe are constrains on the location and distance of Raxxla. What this toast leads to, I have no idea.

The solution seems simple, or rather 'obvious', and fits with a group of "legendary explorers and treasure seekers".


Solution 1: The toast is a short description of the journey that all members of The Dark Wheel must complete to join.
To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies. - Your starting location.
To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void. - Your end location.
The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. - Parents and lovers response to a long dangerous journey not knowing if or when you'll return and our drive to explore and discover what is out there. (*edit notice there is to "To", this part doesn't describe a location)
To Raxxla! - The ultimate goal.
Mission: A flight line from starting location to the remote location to travel without dying (also turning in cartographics data as proof?). A journey that everyone must make for themselves. The two locations are significant to an explorer, the view you see with your eyes.
Solution 2: The toast describes a location where something is to be revealed.
To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies. - Your starting location to view from.
To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void. - Your end location to for alignment visually.
The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. - Parents and lovers response to a long dangerous journey not knowing if or when you'll return and our drive to explore and discover what is out there. (*edit notice there is to "To", this part doesn't describe a location)
To Raxxla! - The ultimate goal.

Mission: Fly to Point A, align yourself with Point B to see something.
Starting location is Source 2, its the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies Sagittarius A*. Seeing the view and understanding just how large the galaxy is.

End location is located on the very edge of the galaxy, it is a whisperer in witchspace (FDev Video FSS), and it is a siren (dangerous creatures, who lured nearby sailors with their enchanting music and singing voices to shipwreck on the rocky coast of their island). This indicates a Neutron star on the edge of the deepest void, edited intergalactic space. This location also gives views of the galaxy from the outside in.

I'm on the way to Sag A to test solution 2, using the super massive black hole lensing to see if something appears when orienting your ship, black hole and destination point in a line. If nothing presents itself, I'll be taking on solution 1.

When I reach Sag A, if anyone else is there doing the same.. we can chat over outer edge system possibilities.. I think I know the correct one, but not 100% sure. Hope to see a few people there trying.
Last edited: Oct 21, 2020
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, Fiera, Tibercov83 and 9 others