Jorki Rasalas
Oct 20, 2020
#19,387
IDrankWhat said:
I didn't give up, just not sure if I can succeed. Gotta go two places way outside my pitiful range of 5k ly.

My piloting skills are limited at the moment, I’m not enjoying pirate-bashing because of my hand problems.
For anyone interested I’m in Ejagham, solely because it has the only tourist beacon that refers to lovers (“lover’s Woe”)-twin ice moons, also a type F star- I remembered the picture of the old start menu screen which showed an F/A star and two ice moons (impossibly close together, but I think FD like to manipulate visual scale) with an orbiting station-always thought that was a clue! I also am dubious about mythological “clues” and think the solution really ought to be in-game. The Yggdrasil t-shirt was the one thing that gave me pause for thought - I’ve always been suspicious of that “there will be no clues” statement; DB/MB wouldn’t leave such an Easter egg as Raxxla solvable only by pure chance in a 4 billion to one probability, and I think it likely that MB’s sense of humour might lead him to say that while wearing an obvious clue, same thought about his tattoo.

There’s no difference in difficulty between 5kly and 100ly, the way to climb a mountain is to take it one step at a time! Just ensure your ship is properly equipped and engineered for a long journey. But yes, we’d like to hear your hypothesis. We might not believe it, but if someone likes it they will check it out. Might be me, might be Vetinari, Macros, Han_Zen, Simulacrae, Edelgard (where is he? Not been in contact for a while!) or someone else. I’m way past the point of personally wanting the find, I just want it (or at least TDW invitation!) to be found by someone; I’ve got a problem-solver type of mind and the Quest is getting a little boring!

One thing that occurred to me while lying in bed last night was that we know TDW are antagonistic to The Club, and were keen to expose The Club’s Dynasty plot, elitism, and historic manipulation of humanity. So a possible membership requirement might be to have visited all the Dynasty bases and read the message logs (which are stored in your commander’s database...convenient for testing by “TDW”). I’ve done FRift and Conflux (during DW2) bases, but haven’t yet been to the Hawking’s Gap bases. Anybody done all of them? It would be a lot of travel and therefore could appeal to a band of explorers and adventurers!
Last edited: Oct 20, 2020
Reactions:
Hanerib, Macros Black, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 2 others