Jorki Rasalas
Oct 19, 2020
#19,381
My memory is bad, but I think TDW only expanded out of SD into LFT 926 after a long while, presumably with some player BGS assistance. Does a galnet search give you the date? Edit: nope it doesn’ t, just checked both Heinrich & the French searchable galnet sites. Very little on either LFT 926 or Dark Wheel in galnet!!

Edit: I think the only reason for needing elite to find Raxxla came from Holdstock’s novella, and it was sort of supported by the Elite/Founder missions at Jameson which then disappeared. I still think it’s strange that FD people commented that those missions should still be there (must document those posts!) so maybe they are the DW test and an additional step was introduced before they appear???but I believe several players completed those missions and nothing happened? Perhaps had to do them several times??

Edit2: have updated the FD references thread (https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/fdev-ed-relevant-quotes-videos.553526/#post-8671776) on this. Seems questions on those missing missions initially got a couple of “should still be there, will check” responses which later took on a “nothing to comment at this stage”. That seems highly suggestive to me. IMHO FD do seem to admit when they’ve made a mistake and attempt to correct it, but when the message becomes “nothing to say at this stage” I get the impression that it is related to an in-game secret & they seem to become over-secretive, probably not wishing to say anything in case their response gives too much away and spoils the gameplay. So I’m speculating that either those missions are still in the game and need a trigger of some form before they appear, or they were the DW test and a stepping stone to Raxxla but have been updated/replaced by some other test. Don’t think either possibility really helps us though

In case it’s the first possibility has anyone continued to take on gameplay recently at SD for the DW there? Perhaps we now need to do lots for them?
Last edited: Oct 19, 2020
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, [PS4] Filthymick420, Rochester and 1 other person