Jorki Rasalas
Oct 19, 2020
#19,383
Rochester got me interested, so spent a day googling Norse mythology. Some interesting tidbits, in-game systems enboldened:

Frigg (possibly Freya or Freyja) = Queen of the Æsir (one of the two tribes of Norse gods, home Asgard) and the goddess of the sky (but no jewel???); Other tribe being Vanir, home Vanaheim. Asgard is located in the sky and is connected to Midgard, the world of humanity, by the rainbow bridge Bifrost (rainbow being a jewel?)
Jörd, (Old Norse: “Earth”) also called Fjörgyn, or Hlódyn, a giantess, mother of the deity Thor and mistress of the god Odin. Jord is in-game.

Ran goddess of the sea was mentioned in the context of drowning unfortunate seafarers and dragging them down to dwell in her underwater abode, so could be a siren, Aegir was god of the sea; they had 9 daughters but none seem to be in-game. Jormungandr is a giant serpent who is a child of Loki’s and the giantess Angrboda, in-game as Jormungand, Odin threw the serpent into that deep sea which lies round all lands, and this serpent grew so that it lies in the midst of the ocean encircling all lands and bites on its own tail.

Freya embodied the female seer of the Norse religion who had the ability to tinker with the seidr – magic pertaining to destiny and its ‘weaving’. Freya was also regarded among the Norse goddesses as the ruler of the afterlife realm Folkvang, which allowed her to choose half of the warriors who were slain in battle (the other half were guided by the Valkyries to Odin’s hall Valhalla)

Hel, female ruler of the netherworld (also called Helheim where Vikings went who didn't die in battle), who was the daughter of Loki and the giant Angrboda. Hel is in-game

Ginnungagap ("magical (and creative) power-filled space") was the vast, primordial void that existed prior to the creation of the manifest universe.

Odin= vagabond; the one-eyed (“For those with eyes to see”) All-Father, haggard wanderer who relentlessly sought knowledge. Norse mythology associates Odin with wisdom, healing, death, royalty, the gallows (hung himself from Yggdrasil, wounded himself with his spear, and fasted from food and drink for nine days and nights in order to get the runes), knowledge, war, battle, victory, sorcery, poetry, frenzy, and the runic alphabet. He had many sons (i.e. lover?). Also called Wotan/Wodan/Woden (i.e. Woe den/dan?). "Wednesday's child is full of woe" alludes to Odin, who has never being attributed with any cheerful disposition. His symbol was a cross in a circle. On another occasion, he ventured to Mimir’s Well (the Well of Urd, whose waters impart cosmic knowledge) amongst the roots of the world-tree Yggdrasil; he asked Mimir the guardian for a drink from the water. The well’s guardian, knowing the value of such a draught, refused unless the seeker offered an eye in return. Mimir, whose name means “The Rememberer,” seems to have been the being who told the gods how to live in accordance with ancestral tradition, and with wisdom more generally. So in spiritual terms Odin sacrificed his “lower self” to his “higher self.” And his sacrifice of an eye indicates he exchanged a mundane mode of perception for a sacred mode informed by divine, ancestral wisdom. Odin’s Wisdom is in-game.

Odin’s grief at his son Baldr’s death?

In Marvel comics Loki (Loki Tan, Loki Tstae, tan translates to ‘ton’ or ‘so much’, tstae translates as ‘tstar’-a font, song, rapper, company name, or could anagram to ‘state/taste/teats/atest/tseta) was depicted as a member of the Olympian gods exiled to the Underworld. God of mischief, malicious sorcerer. Loki could take female form, including as the Scarlet Witch. Loki was killed by the Void, & reincarnated as a young street hustler going by the name of Serrure (the French word for lock). Lock-significant?? As in “lock that is also the key”

Jewel->Bifrost, Jord
whisperer->Loki Tan? Loki Tstae?
siren->Jormungand, Hel
Grief-> Baldr
Woe/Vagabond’s desire->Odin’s Wisdom (which at ~900ly could require an expedition (Holdstock-do we have a date for the novella against the current game timeline??), and might appeal to a group of adventurers/explorers).
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, simulacrae, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 2 others