Thatchinho
Jan 13, 2021
#20,344
Jorki Rasalas said:
I don't think anybody sensible would take that wager. I'm fairly sure Drew's said in forum posts that he knows more (all the authors were apparently given access to FD's internal storyline book so they could all get their stories straight) but is under NDA and his lips are sealed. But he still makes entertaining lore videos about what is generally known and I think it's a good source to help get newcomers up to speed. As are the videos by Exigeous, Down To Earth Astronomy, and Obsidian Ant, and all the FD-sponsored books, and Drew's lore ED forum thread.
Darth Ender said:
there's very little that fdev has actually produced and said involving their lore. What most people who post about lore do is regurgitate what they've read - which may or may not be first hand information.

The authors of the books have first hand info and have interpreted that in the works they've created (which those other guys use as reference material ...unaware of what is first hand and what is artistic freedom.

So yes, i'd still say any author who was given those author packets of information from fdev (and have been to the conventions in-person fdev used to have - which drew has) have a better handle on the game's lore than pretty much any of us who have not.
Click to expand...
While I've no doubt that there's a lot of lore info that Drew (and the authors) have that we don't, that's not to say that there's not stuff we know that they don't.

Drew's said at some point that there was stuff that he still couldn't talk about due to the NDAs.

However, when Drew did his lore tour, there was stuff fed into by other people that Drew wasn't aware of and he only found out about at that point.

The Project Equinox stuff was an example of the latter IIRC. I asked Dave Hughes if he'd had a hand in that, in the Lore Tour episode on Galcop, and he didn't know anything about it either.

Pretty sure there were some other examples as well of things Drew only found out about a few days before specific episodes, but I can't recall other specific examples off the top of my head.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420