Psyral
May 14, 2020
#16,407
Vetinari said:
Theres not a lot of lore and a lot of what 'fdev did wrong' with phrases like 'I could be cruel and say' and then says it. Pretty obvious a lot of bitterness because he totally messed up the Salome chase by handing it over to his own personal sycophant club when fdev wanted it available to the whole community, that's why fdev haven't even tried to do another one, real shame as could have been the start of something great but cliques and egos killed it before it even started.

Not a lot of research either, trying to enter Permit locked systems and filling time by repeating himself and loading different games, preparation would have loaded the game before and found out it was Permit locked.

Been a real disappointment so far, hence the low viewing figures and people switching off.

I keep hoping it will actually be great as have looked forward to it since announcement, its just been a massive let-down so far..
Click to expand...
I've actually liked it so far. Yes, he does get into the FDev bashing but I just kind of ignore those bits and get the lore. I've definitely learned things I didn't know. Most of the players in the instances I have been in just play around and have fun just flying around and doing things while he talks in the background. I probably enjoy the fun little games we do (as individuals in the instances I was in) more than anything. It's a nice little break from the daily grind. Note: these are not like the coordinated "Sloughwinder" Demolition Derby that everyone did a few episodes ago (though that was super fun too), these are just things that we do in our instance. I usually get thrown into a group of about 5 to 10 Cmdrs. I don't try to wing in to @drew 's since he is UK and I am US. I just go where the server load balancer places me.

I have a different opinion on the Salome saga.... though I wasn't there so my opinion is based on what I have read. I felt he did a great job and accomplished something in Open play that no one had ever done before and may never happen again. I would have liked Salome to have succeeded but that's not how it played out. It is a chapter of this game that is forever etched into it's history. I have read the forums on much of it and the Salome saga is about as divisive as politics... maybe even worse.

...

So... to nudge it back to "The Quest to Find Raxxla" and keep the flow of the current mentions of @drew and the Lore Tour:

Will anything we don't know get revealed? Probably not. It may bring more people to the hunt. I am surprised how many Cmdrs I meet that don't know anything about Raxxla or even heard the name.
But I will have fun in the Tour as I always make my own fun while in it.
Reactions:
PeteACarter, Machina Ergo Sum, Midian Cabal and 5 others