Thatchinho
Jun 17, 2020
#17,599
simulacrae said:
I guess i put the thargoids to more biotech with the guardians more of a crystal-tech... if such a thing can be. I kind of assumed that the AI like the rest of the guardian tech relied on that ... atleast in the beginning. Maybe evolving from resonnances in data crystals to something more like a living signal.... I also think the caretaker idea is of a more sinister variety... lets not forget that the Guardians themselves were purged in a form of genocide by their own AI... these wonderful caretakers.
Well, it gets slightly confused by the newer set of logs, but from the older set, the original Guardian AIs were based in their interstellar network, and also then based at least to some extent within (some) Guardians themselves via their brain implants.

The picture that’s painted is that at that point there’s a nascent Bio-AI singularity beginning to happen but that’s where the problems really start happening because it creates a massive division in Guardian society between those who are part of it and those who are religiously against any machine enhancement of Guardians.

That then leads to the first civil war, and the exile of the Guardians who were part of that nascent singularity.

That nascent singularity and everything that went with it is then consequently gone for the AIs, which sets the scene for what they’d had / what they’d been, and the sheer scale of what had been taken from them.

The second set of logs then paint the picture of what happened to them afterwards. (This is all just the civilian AI I’m talking about so far, btw)

It’s a tale of a fall from incredible heights to become the lowest rung in society. Maybe not malevolently mistreated, as such, but downtrodden shadows of what they’d been and with no prospect of things ever getting better. Except it wasn’t a fall at all, it was violently forced.

And that I think, my good sirs, tells the real story of why the Guardian AIs ultimately did what they did, and how the Civilian AI were able to persuade the Military AI to do what they did.
Last edited: Jun 17, 2020
Reactions:
Mattius101, [PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, turkwinif and 5 others