Roen Soul
Jun 17, 2020
#17,587
Hanerib said:
Hi again Roen. I love your perspective on these matters. Not celebrating Summer Solstice early I hope not? I'm personally in strong belief the Dynasty project was intended to locate Thargoids after the unfortunate mycoid incident, and guide them back into the bubble using Thargoid probes and artifacts. Thargoids cannot figure out astronomy without them. Perhaps Raxxla can only be found using Thargoid astronomy, not ours.

I have my mission saved in Raxxla in Amiga 500 and therefore I can only confirm what your saying. - Ben Ryder required Thargoid technology in order to build his "gate" to boost ships to jump between "sectors/galaxy"... As a reward of helping him he offers a final jump as a holiday trip... Doing the correct selection(holiday target) not from any of the known sectors, then the sector 1 is hexedited to sector 9 and all stations are cleared from memory.

The space (sector9) here is empty nothing but stars. No trade zones, just 2 systems with coriolis stations. One with Dark Wheel, the other is Raxxla, and Thargoids have a planet but nothing else. Do not expect to do any trading here. This is a really pointless sector to continue playing in. So in other words your forced to do the final missions to end the game.

This megaship is the final mission.. I have to choose which side I take... Humans or Raxxla... Doing either or the game ends two ways... You as hero getting human talk and game reset... or if I fight for Raxxla, I get this message... " Did you know that the snake ships are Raxxlan designs? They are proud reptiles who named their ships after their feared relatives. Did you know the coriolis space station was also Raxxlan design? It was offered to humanity to expand..."

And finally, when you have finished the final mission, you end up in start screen with " Thank you for playing Elite... List of programmers and Restart of the game.."
I almost threw my Amiga 500 to wall since I am truly ed off I wasted so much time to get a ship to be reseted... Ye... I quit playing Amiga Elite due to this RESET.

Play AMIGA 500 version.

To start the mission to find Raxxla, you need to be Elite, have almost maxed out money, all sector 8 missions complete, and carry the correct item into Lave Station.. Since I do not want to spoil the rest.. Ben Ryder will contact you at Lave station and offer you a job to "help him build the trading company with his family"... The missions are not that hard, but do remember to pay that fee to Dark Wheel and join them or your mission to build the gate will fail... Good luck...

If your money does not hit the correct value in Lave Station, the mission is closed... But there is a memory tool which can be used to tweak the money to unlock the mission.
- Thanks to Finnish hacks and Russian player who delivered this information... Without you guys I would have not been able to find the Raxxla in Amiga 500...

PS: When you get to the final mission and end it. Please FIX the message and I know your there with me. - When you see the correct information, you see which part of the message I added... I do not give you exact message just to confirm that YOU TRULY are there. When you are there I will confirm your message.
Last edited: Jun 17, 2020
Reactions:
RadarG1, PeteACarter, Mrrshal and 1 other person