Vetinari
V
May 2, 2020
#16,296
I ididnt dare say that in case it got too much salt, but I do think it is in game this time, somewhere somehow. Strangely I base this on 3 things:

1. The writers were told something like ' Raxxla is off limits because we (fdev) think its something that should play out in game.(although I hate the idea that this may be through a DLC or CG or II or whatever, or worse that its Thargoid in origin and the other Universe full of treasure is our Universe)
2. During a livestream, people were typing 'Raxxla' into the chat and 'Wheres Raxxla?' and the like and someone said 'Everybody spam Raxxla', Adam Woods replied 'You'll have to find it first' (He found it very amusing as did I, to me just seems a strange mind-jump response if theres nothing there to find, it was a very fast quip response)
3. ED is the game DB always wanted to build but the tech wasn't up to it, although it hasn't been in any previous game (perhaps with the thought that there will be a sequel one day and a discovered Raxxla may kill some future purchases or just that they couldn't 'do it justice' the way they wanted to) unlike ED which there wont be, just add-ons and DLCs to expand it

The second point although nowhere near an official confirmation just suggests to me that there is something in game.

Best is to give zero clues or hints, provide lots of distractions and hope that nobody accidentally finds it on Day 3. Given the size of the Galaxy and the % we have explored the chances of this happening are astronomical, especially if its near the Core with so many systems in a small radius. If you could somehow program in that the auto-route doesn't route through the system, has to be manually selected to jump to, then it cuts down the accidental finding even more and theres so much unexplored that theres no way anybody could pick out an individual system and see everybody has jumped around or over it. Or set up a player account and upload vanilla data to EDDB* etc to further obfuscate that theres something there and nobody can even pick out that it hasn't been visited by a 'real' player.

Fdev know we have a lot of fun looking for it, they know some get frustrated with not finding it but unlike Gan Romero they cant just 'finish' it one way or another so they provide hours of entertainment and distraction to keep us occupied instead. I live in hope that the GalFluff will return in some format but that maybe they will make it more obvious it is just fluff, problem is they then expose themselves when they do let a secret out - 'Strange signal detected in Upaniklis' for example, we'd all know immediately to go there and look and would spoil the fun a lot.

I keep asking myself, how would I do it? Assuming its in game and assuming that there will be a lot of salt after its found regardless of what it is and may even lose a portion of the playerbase. How would I hide it, how would I keep people occupied or distracted, how would I keep their interest and enjoyment levels up? And I come up with pretty similar ideas to what I know is out there in game that has been discovered.

How would you do it? Would you really want it found after 35 years of speculation if you were fdev? How could you make it so good that it beats the mystery? If we all answer that one of us may hit on the solution that they have used.

*Edit: I meant EDSM mainly.
Reactions:
Backelaer, Machina Ergo Sum, Rochester and 3 others