Edelgard von Rhein
E
May 3, 2020
#16,300
Jorki Rasalas said:
It’s in-game, we’ve been told so by MB and DB and I believe them. They may obfuscate but they may not lie to us, therein would lie commercial suicide.

It is not obvious, so it may be that it does not immediately jump out at you even when you do find it.

I went to Algol yesterday afternoon for the first time and was surprised to see A1 was 100% metal.aha, thought I, Guardian ark ship? No sign of drives or antennae on surface, but did get some Niobium and Tin at one of the geological sites. Then I spotted a system USS near A3 that strangely didn’t resolve, so went for a look see- Cetus’ Bane. Interesting easter egg left over from a previous treasure hunt. Had read about it but it didn’t twig until I saw it. Non-obvious scan details, signal that doesn’t resolve are clearly ways for them to obfuscate it.

FD weren’t aware of the salt mines when they started; they were taken aback by the salt from the Salomé event and that has coloured the storytelling since, but Raxxla was in-game from the beta so its mechanisms should be well-known. Pre-Horizons, hence it is an astronomical object, not on the surface. So, it may be that you have to check the scan details before you go sufficiently near that its nature is revealed, or then again perhaps not. Perhaps it shouts out (“cries to you”) as soon as you enter the system. We shall (eventually) see. But whatever/however it must use in-game mechanisms, so investigating mysterious stranger TO missions was a sensible idea, but they don’t seem relevant . I am still intrigued by the 6 or so permit-locked systems in the bubble with no (currently obvious) known way of obtaining the permit.

Yes, it is hidden, but we can find it. Don’t forget how difficult it was to find Zurara, though Spock and a few others had got within a few light years; in the end we had to be almost told the location because it was holding up other things. With no bread crumb trail to increase the detection footprint we need to search every system and body! But I still think FD would have kept within the lore; even though they seem to have retconned most of it we are told in the Codex () that the first report was documented in Tau Ceti quite early on when hyperspace drives were slow and short range. We were given the clues in the Codex for a reason; “Well, It's in the Milky Way, but I can't tell you where at this stage, it's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves. . . but I think you have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious just so that people know what they are doing”

But the “personal journey” phrase has been used by both DB and MB, and I think that is significant. It is clear from DB’s comments that they were expecting people to play the game in a certain way and were surprised when that didn’t happen (DB video “ED has a story that "embraces all the players"

where he talks about an invitation to join a secret organisation (probably TDW) as being an event that happens at a certain point in a player’s progression/journey through the game). Clearly the tests for TDW invitation, (and quite possibly finding Raxxla) are likely to be at defined steps in that journey through the game. I suspect there may not be shortcuts.

Edit: sorry if that sounds terse, unintentional. Copawlot had a fit at 04:50, he’s ok, I’m shattered!

Edit2: However on reflection I’m not convinced that TO/mysterious stranger missions are entirely ruled out. Djadjock et al’s analysis (see previous post references) has been done based on reported TO, but nobody has (supposedly, since all we see are trolls with no evidence) found Raxxla or been invited to TDW, so presumably those trigger events/mechanisms have not yet been attained therefore are not included in the analysis and so cannot be excluded. If that makes sense.
Seems to me that Raxxla and TDW are interlinked as part of the endgame. We know from the DB video that some lucky player will get an invitation to join TDW, and the Codex entry supports that. We don’t know what the trigger is, but do know from that video that low/zero notoriety is involved. Which also makes sense with the Codex description of TDW-they’re “a legendary group of adventurers, explorers, investigators and treasure-hunters”, not criminals, so I suspect criminal and murderous behaviour will prevent you from getting the invitation- “it is always they who initiate contact, initially in disguise” “only a handful of the bravest and most competent pilots of each generation are honoured with an invitation to join”.
Click to expand...
I hadn't seen this interview before, so it was very interesting. Thanks for posting!
It almost makes me wonder if TDW invitation has potentially been in since the start.
That said, five and a half years in, no one has triggered TDW invitation (at least not publicly confirmed), which makes me wonder what is required. There are plenty of Triple Elite pilots, now, some people have managed it more than once. When I see comments like 'that's not how we expected players to play the game' it does make me think that there might be something obvious we are missing. There are enough players doing things in different ways, that I would have expected someone to have stumbled upon it by now. (I'm assuming it's something that happens in code and is not a gift of a GM looking at people's stats/activities).
Consider yourself in TDWs' place. You want to recruit the best explorer in the galaxy. How do you work out who that is?
There are measureables, like distance travelled and distance from the start point. They don't tell the whole story. Does someone really have to have been to Semotus Beacon for you to consider them?
There is the ability to inspire others. The organisers of different expeditions have achieved this, from Distant World onwards. Even earlier, the FGE was encouraging people to explore together. Are you going to favour one group/expedition over another? Do you have to have organised an event? And how can you tell, in code, that someone is organising something? This is too arbitrary. If TDW invite was in the gift of a GM, there are still dozens of people who ought to have had the invite, all well-known people by definition.
Is it the significance of finds? How is that measured in code? Do you have to find a bunch of new Codex entries? That was all first-come, first-served. Number of Codex entries might be better but a find-em-all philosophy could mean that someone is following in the footsteps of others for completion, not looking for new things. It's not an easy thing to work out in code how important one's contribution is and any such code would also be arbitrary.
An exploration test. If there are tests to trigger an invite, forget the missions boards or triggering tip-offs or missions given from being in inhabited for 15 mins in the same instance. An explorer is going to be out in the black. There is no communication to send a task their way, especially with Galnet shut down (I did wonder if the Winking Cat might have been something along these lines, though). Putting a clue into the Codex entry for Raxxla/TDW is your only recourse. The problem with that is that great explorers might not also be great cryptologists. Getting the message across is a problem.

I really hope I'm missing something but the more I look at it, the more intractable the problem becomes. It seems more and more likely to be something done manually by the developers. If not, then it will be some really weird conditions that will just get figured out by everyone once someone triggers it.

Separately, the consequences of the invitation need to be meaningful. A trip to TDW base and viewing the 'evidence' there will be on Youtube in an hour. Then what?
Reactions:
ironshirt, Machina Ergo Sum, Vetinari and 4 others