bluecrash
May 2, 2020
#16,290
Lest said:
We could also befriend a renegade group of Thargs and help them to push back the hostile ones out of the Galaxy. I read some posts about a war within those guys (official lore or speculation?) which could benefits humans.
That would create trading, fighting, exploration,... to support the war effort. Bring some new dark stuff on Aegis, and why not give some clues about Raxxla (if linked to the Thargoids)/Witchspace navigation. If those rebels are a thing, and they're losing their civil war, they would probably not mind getting allies, share knowledge (adding new modules, weapons and ships) and even integrate Human/Guardian techs to their own.
That doesn't mean they won't turn against human once freed from their enemy and buffed with Humans/Guardian tech. So we still got a nemesis to fight against - A hive mind would, most likely, not trust the unreliability of separate entities that behave independently and according to their unique past experience.

Of course the above is just pure speculations.
Click to expand...

Or:

We find out that Salome's Remlok suit did its job, sealing off her severed parts within the suit - which we hunt down to reanimate her. Only to find out- most of her body was blown into witchspace, saved by the Thargoids.

Salome returns as a Thargoid hybrid, controlling their Fleetcarrier (Basestar). She no longer wants to deliver a message - she's come back for revenge on the human race. She can be heard saying, "Jump!" on all system channels as her Fleet carrier gets closer to it's attack on Sol.

After most of Sol is destroyed with black-hole weapon tech, Sol's survivors find Raxxla - discovering it's jump-gate ability and flee to Colonia which has a lot of new Grade 6 engineers and mech upgrades for the Cmdrs.

Different anamolies can be captured in special cargo bays for bonuses to weapons or jump range. Some generate specific cargo daily while in captivity. Rare ones generate pieces of a wayfinder to the real Soontil, where the weapon to take Sol back from the Thargoids exists.

But after wiping out the thargoids and destroying their Dyson Sphere around our old sun, the Guardian Exiles return fighting the AI constructs and their Comet Empire, meaning we have to grind for new weapons- pick a side - adopt a guardian AI SLF pilot.

Opening witchspace with the severed-hybrid-hand-of-Salome and take the fight back to their homeworld, but only after modifying our cmdrs for Ammonia based worlds.
Last edited: May 2, 2020
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, Mrrshal, Psyral and 1 other person