RaNaketh
Feb 28, 2020
#15,458
Noobilite said:
you know as long as the center of your vision is on sol you can see them. What if we have to look from a location like cupids arrow and put the center on sol to see the constelation and see a unique image or something. You can see the images for quit a few LY away from sol itself. This could be part of the hunt.

Britzhameno is right on the edge of the games scroll function to where you can still see the constellation and where you cannot. I wonder if raxxla is within the distance of their site. Or maybe has something to do with it somehow.

How far is britzhameno from sol?

It's 18ly from sol. And the zoom out on britz shows it's still a little farther. So I'm guessing you can see constellation from exactly 20ly's from sol... Is this a coincidence?

This is interesting from long range. Can you see the constelation from a long range target like NGC 7822. Do any of the stars allow the zoom function to hit sol exactly. The front star doesn't. But some of the other stars may. This could be why there are a bunch of long tubes pointing at the bubble. Maybe it's to use the constelations like the regulus star to find objects for some reason.

I used s171 34 and didn't see the constelations, but when zooming back and forth perfectly over sol I saw this star perfectly align with the other background object.

col 285 sector CR-V D2-43



What is that object behind col 285 sector CR-V D2-43?




It's this object directly below polaris from sol.
Click to expand...
Did we end up clarifying the number of dashes around the Raxxla logo? Was it 32 by chance (or 33?)?

I wonder if Urania's Mirror represents the dashes, and why we can only see constellations in the map ~20LY around SOL?

Urania's Mirror - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org
30+ Best Urania's Mirror images | constellations, astronomy, zodiac constellations
May 2, 2014 - Boxed set of 32 constellation cards first published by Samuel Leigh of the Strand, London, in 1825. See more ideas about Constellations, Astronomy, Zodiac constellations.
www.pinterest.com.au

Fly Dangerously,
/ Ra
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum