Emperor
Oct 10, 2021
#24,450
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
I need to go play and test my activation hypothesis and here's the first version. However, I can safely say out of billions of systems in Elite Dangerous there is literally only one place in the galaxy where it can be - Sol. It is the beginning and and end of everything. Stroud's whole concept is point of origin is also the point of departure for the future. The theme is repeated ad nauseum in the story. It is also why he wrote the book that truly connects the Elite Dangerous origin story to the present day timelines. What happened in Lave birthed the CMDRs and the Pilot's Federation and the Club's mean of control galaxy. We may have been the the beginning of their ascent to power but tables can be turned as we are their Achilles' heal (which is rather fitting given what we get our missions from). Now, I must warn you the work I cited was inspirational to the game but there is literally no other system in the galaxy that makes sense for Raxxla. The theory just lays out why it all connects and the most likely connections. I am also uploading the v5 of the Unified Raxxla Theory as it explains extensively how I arrived it can be no other place than Sol

Here's where to download Allen Stroud's doctoral dissertation:

Proof of the connection that Holdstock was the ultimate inspiration:

Chaos Reborn Loremaster's Guide and even more details about the connections to Elite Dangerous:

New Unified Talmor Theory of Raxxla (v5.5): The Holdstock-centric revision (too big for forum upload):

The v5 of the theory (can you believe this has only been since April 1st) is attached to the post. It is the ground work that established Sol as key when my multiple attempts to look externally fell flat. I decided to take FDev at their word that it was a little bit obvious. This was the results (though was also trying to challeng community assumptions and see if everything could fit better than we had achieved (which was minimal progress on the Raxxla front).
Click to expand...
Some good theories in there, some/most have been discussed in this thread I believe... good luck with your search! (Jorki is the resident expert on Sol!)

I am intrigued how you got to Achilles for “..and the yearning of our vagabond hearts”, whilst you found a reference to him being called a vagabond, if I remember correctly Achilles' "anger" is connected to being called a vagabond and so he didn't consider himself one?

And how is Achilles related to the "yearning" or "our vagabond hearts"?

When I looked at the mythology angle ( I think you can just as easily make a case for this element of the toast of the Dark Wheel referring to Homer's Odyssey as Odysseus is described in some translations as a “vagabond” or “beggar” when Athene transforms him in order to ensure he is not killed on his way home (BkXIII:416-440 Athene disguises Odysseus).

You can review my thoughts on it being Homer's Odyssey from posts from here (I broke down the toast in a similar way)
The Quest To Find Raxxla
In the end of the day we probably just have to find a way how to drop into SagA
forums.frontier.co.uk

And the final thing that doesn't make sense in this part of the toast when referring to Greek Mythology is that the quote is "the yearning of our vagabond hearts" as heart is plural and doesn't belong to someone specifically as that would be "the yearning of our vagabond's heart"..... and the only explanation for the actual quote I can think of is yearning of something with multiple hearts... which I would suggest is either Thargoid related or the player base.... if Thargoids have no home or can't get home then perhaps it's them... however the "our" part sort of indicates the players...?