Rochester
Oct 11, 2021
#24,454
Data crystals - possibly or a clue to a location.

My recent research was to investigate what ‘Song of the Spheres’ might mean, other than the Pythagorean ‘musica universalis’, and the only assumption I could propose was it was describing a physical location.

I then looked into any correlation with Michael Brooks, the clearest was in regards to John Milton, author of Paradise Lost; one of Brookes favourite stories.

It began to become more relevant when I recalled Milton was blind (eyes to see), and was a musician also who endeavoured to promote said harmonies, referencing them in many of his works but mainly that of Paradise Lost.

Within Paradise Lost said ‘silent’ spheres were used to describe the physical boundaries of our universe; with the outermost spheres past Urania, namely the hardened outer crystalline sphere… it took on for me a more physical attribute, as the ‘outer rim’.

What is this, and how does it relate I know not at present, but it is odd how the outer rim of Miltons pendant universe; which Satan walked upon freely, held many an interesting assortment of locations and was described as a physical location with at least 2 ‘portals; 1 to the heavens via stairs and gate, and Satan’s viaduct…to hell.

In regards to the missions, was this simply poetic license? Can’t tell. Not without more insight or evidence. But it feels odd, especially as how Milton liked to throw in obscure geographic locations, eg the mountain range where Satan set foot on Earth, and the many references in game to ‘hills and mountain ranges’.

Still can’t directly correlate but only assume, that the Princess and Spiralling Stars…is another link to Milton and is a play on words; Milton can be linked to Philip Sidney, the Arcadia not just Astrophil… my bet is that Princess Astrophil (Phel) is either Mary Sidney; Mary Worth or Princess Elizabeth I (who quoted Arcadia whilst imprisoned).

All of which point for me at present to Urania and the constellation Virgo (see previous ramblings).

But I’m beginning to suspect we only have part of the puzzle and either FD are holding out on us eg it’s tied to a narrative drop, or the other pieces are located at the real Dark Wheel station.

The Quest To Find Raxxla
Hi Modish, long time no see! And Factubulous has posted that the HIP 22460 permit (Overwatch/Blackflight) is now available. https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/updated-permit-list.122593/post-9481477 And RSI prevents play, Bah Humbug! 🙌🥺 Yep, back in the game after an extended period of...
forums.frontier.co.uk
Last edited: Oct 11, 2021
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and simulacrae