yelboc
Oct 11, 2021
#24,458
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
I need to go play and test my activation hypothesis and here's the first version. However, I can safely say out of billions of systems in Elite Dangerous there is literally only one place in the galaxy where it can be - Sol. It is the beginning and and end of everything. Stroud's whole concept is point of origin is also the point of departure for the future. The theme is repeated ad nauseum in the story. It is also why he wrote the book that truly connects the Elite Dangerous origin story to the present day timelines. What happened in Lave birthed the CMDRs and the Pilot's Federation and the Club's mean of control galaxy. We may have been the the beginning of their ascent to power but tables can be turned as we are their Achilles' heal (which is rather fitting given what we get our missions from). Now, I must warn you the work I cited was inspirational to the game but there is literally no other system in the galaxy that makes sense for Raxxla. The theory just lays out why it all connects and the most likely connections. I am also uploading the v5 of the Unified Raxxla Theory as it explains extensively how I arrived it can be no other place than Sol

Here's where to download Allen Stroud's doctoral dissertation:

Proof of the connection that Holdstock was the ultimate inspiration:

Chaos Reborn Loremaster's Guide and even more details about the connections to Elite Dangerous:

New Unified Talmor Theory of Raxxla (v5.5): The Holdstock-centric revision (too big for forum upload):

The v5 of the theory (can you believe this has only been since April 1st) is attached to the post. It is the ground work that established Sol as key when my multiple attempts to look externally fell flat. I decided to take FDev at their word that it was a little bit obvious. This was the results (though was also trying to challeng community assumptions and see if everything could fit better than we had achieved (which was minimal progress on the Raxxla front).
Click to expand...
You use the Toast as a map, but the toast is from The Dark Wheel, and we know from the novels that TDW never found Raxxla. So how can they give us a map if they don't know where it is?
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas, Crimson Echo and Machina Ergo Sum