Hanerib
Jan 19, 2020
#14,741
CMDR Maylor Rom said:
It was told in Finland long ago that the lovers Zulamith the Bold and Salami the Fair were separated. To be together again, they toiled for a thousand years to build a bridge between them. Thus they made the Milky Way. When they had completed their star bridge, they straight rushed into each other's arms and melted into one. So they became the brightest star
In heaven's high arch that dwelt great Sirius, the mighty Sun beneath Orion's belt.

Long ago, would here mean a poem written in the 19th century by a Finnish poet Zacharias Topelius, original version in Swedish. http://www.nykarlebyvyer.nu/sidor/texter/poesi/zt/vinterga.htm
I suppose it is amusing if this has been added to some liturgy of the Isis worshippers.

While I'm not an expert in this field, I don't think there are Finnish, Sámi, Norse, Estonian or Karelian gods called Salami or Zulamith however. These names sound Biblical influenced. Perhaps someone with more knowledge of the astral lore knows otherwise. Since we have been talking about The Cowherd and the Weaver girl story here before, it is interesting to notice the Milky Way in Finnish and Estonian means "the path of the birds", quite different etymology compared to Mediterranean cultural sphere. The path of the birds would explain migratory patterns of birds, have thematical ties to "world tree" and "world egg" creation narratives, and also explain where souls of the deceased went (into the sky, stars, along the birds, to the birds home). In Topelius' poem, we have two lovers, long dead, building a bridge to meet each other again. So, Topelius was either familiar with the Cowherd and the Weaver girl, some similar story, or had been studying Estonian legend about Lindu's astral veil, yet another story where a bird themed figure falls in love, this time with the northern lights, and The Milky way is explained as a wedding veil wetted with tears. These mythological narratives are quite ancient, even if there is a lot of variation.

I personally think Braben wanted to distance himself from the Holdstock connection in this game.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Rochester, Machina Ergo Sum and 2 others