Eckee
Jan 21, 2020
#14,751
RaNaketh said:
Just circling back to Churo's call out for the background numbers on the mission providers image (032 04). Since I noted them appear in the backgrounds in the system I'm in currently (LHS 346 > Morukov Orbital). Whilst I suspect it's a proc-gen background I'm still curious, so I've been dredging and came up with system: Drojaea YA-V d3-9


How the .... did you come up with that I hear you ask?!

Distance to Sol: 3,203.93 ly!
or
0-3204

(
Pretty thin, huh?

Anorexic.)

But a few additional things caught my eye.
B1 & B2 appear to be exceptionally close to each other, and reasonably close to a possible candidate for TDW (~30ls probably too far but worth a sighting), but if the TDW Codex contains representative but inaccurate information, perhaps there is something near the 8th planet, which happens to be B 8 (an ELW).

So if anyone is close and can drop by and check out if there is a hiding DW base there, that'd be awesome, otherwise I'll add it to my future to-do list.

On a side note, I went back through some of my captured images of TDW agents and allies, and also noted a fairly common theme with this rather terrible and out-of-place pattern on their clothes. Jupiter anyone, or just a t-shirt my kids could have created... your pick?




And their enemies appear to have tattoos... which might be important if we think that TDW in JM is a front.



This is a pretty limited sub-set of data at the moment, so I'll do some more diligence on auditing it along with my Operation Less Than Three investigation to capture the images per ally/enemy to see what comes up.

Fly Dangerously,
/ Ra.
Click to expand...
I still don't understand how you came up with that system lol. "032 04" means 3203.93? And the guy just posed in front of the numbers reflects their main station's distance from Sol? And they painted those numbers on the wall? And the system you said is the only system that is 3203 LYs away from Sol?
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, RaNaketh and Machina Ergo Sum