Emperor
Feb 23, 2021
#21,378
CMDR Davanix said:
may i also add looking through INARA, a few come up but this one was interesting, it is not a player faction, however has a player squadron called the Dark Wheel with members based out of Overlook which is permit locked and cannot be entered nor gotten

Pilots Federation Local Branch - minor faction | Elite:Dangerous | INARA
The companion site for Elite:Dangerous with the game database, market data, trade routes, outfitting, engineers, blueprints, crafting, Thargoid war, squadrons, logbooks, galleries, galaxy information and much more...


Click to expand...

Black Flight
Black Flight was (and maybe still is) a covert military unit that seemingly operated under Azimuth Biochemicals. Its chief duties involved monitoring for Thargoid activity, preventing the public from discovering any Thargoid-related sites and technology by any means necessary, and supporting...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com

Black Flight is the identifier used by personnel belonging to a covert military organization with speculated ties to the Federation. It is believed that one of Black Flight's duties was to monitor Thargoid Surface Sites and prevent their discovery by the public by any means necessary. Pilots serving with Black Flight are identified only by ID codes prefixed by "SVI", while their ships, most commonly Diamondback Explorers, use designations prefixed by "SV". Black Flight's activities first came to light in June 3303, but many questions about the group remain unanswered.

It is unknown when Black Flight was first established or how long it has been operating. Although its Thargoid-suppression activities can be surmised from the sites of its operations and comms messages, the exact nature of its mission has never been confirmed. Based on currently available evidence, Black Flight primarily operates out of Overlook, a Flight Operations Carrier Megaship stationed in the permit-locked HIP 22460 system which is believed to house the unit's command structure.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and Vetinari