Jorki Rasalas
Mar 31, 2019
#7,135
Six6VI said:
I should put this out there, if only to muddy the waters even further...

We seem to be dealing with a game world which has become much greater than the sum of all it's parts, but how much of it is random tributes to DB's favourite science fiction writers and characters and how much has been specifically hand placed as a result of logical, contemporary astronomical wisdom?

To illustrate, quote: "A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away...."

Present day physicists seem convinced that galaxies, along with everything else in the mind bogglingly vast Universe move about very, VERY quickly. Therefore, a long time ago, OUR galaxy wasn't where it is now, it could only have been far, far away and there is plenty of conjecture out there on the interwebz to suggest the was not the first, or the smartest to have lived here over the last 300,000 years or so according to dating estimates of anatomically current human remains (I'm going to have to dig around a bit for a concise link supporting this claim).

We appear to have lost the technology to replicate the , or the 800~900 ton so who and placed them, and far more importantly, when did they do it and why have the current batch of humans that repopulated the Earth forgotten how the previous folks did it?

We're about to embark down a rabbit hole of immense proportion. Please secure your tin foil hats in the upright position as we consider that was conveniently uploaded yesterday. Ironically, when the student is ready, the master appears. For significantly more discussion on the subject of extinction level catastrophic events that have periodically struck the Earth (and daily cosmic weather reports), please continue to the channel linked therein with thanks to Jimmy, ...

Edited to anticipate the next post...
Q. Er, Six, mate, how does this relate to Raxxla?
A. Umm, it doesn't exactly, it was more a reference to scale, in space time.

We may need to of our tiny little brains somewhat

Edit, edit: For those who's are not sufficiently rudely out of shape yet...

Click to expand...

ALL galaxies are far far away!
I have the t-shirt to prove it.
Reactions:
Hanerib and Six6VI