Six6VI
Mar 31, 2019
#7,126
yelboc said:
Magrathea - first search I ever typed into the star map, before I ever heard of Raxxla... Of course, it should be in the horse head nebula..

Can edsm tell me where I can get an infinite improbability drive?

The "Heart of Gold" containing the experimental improbability drive that obsoleted the need for the Earth to be destroyed by the Vogons to make way for an interstellar bypass was apparently built on, and stolen from the planet Damogran but I can't recall if that was the same place the drive itself was invented.

According to Adams it's located some 500,000 Ly from Earth, which would place it well outside our current searchable zone, but still somehow in the opposite spiral arm to ours and it's also an atmospheric (mostly) water world we wouldn't be able to land on anyway.

So no, I don't think EDSM / EDDB / Inara will contain a listing. Nice try though.

The mythical Magrathea, on the other hand, is supposed to be within the Horse Head Nebula, much of which is currently permit locked but still presents a more achievable target. There could be some merit to the idea that the six part "to Raxxla!" tribute in the Codex contains triangulation vectors, including the recently renamed Delphi system containing the Oracle as an anchorage close to the human bubble.

Reverse engineering any clues to the location when considered from the perspective of the individual who put it there may by necessity contain some highly obscure references however. Imagine picking a single system within the Milky Way, and then attempting to draw multiple lines between six other points on the map that all meet perfectly at this single location, while everything within your map is in motion.

Even if they did all meet perfectly, they wouldn't do so for very long (in astronomical terms) assuming the model galaxy does actually emulate the real thing with some degree of accuracy in relation to linear time, as well as space. I've seen a couple of posts where timing has been floated as a variable so to take that a step further, does the "to Raxxla!" tribute actually contain three time references, as well as a further three to triangulate where we're supposed to be going in space?

"Timing is EVERYTHING!" is an alchemical phenomena, which I'll come back to...
Reactions:
GURU-951