GURU-951
Mar 30, 2019
#7,122
In Tau Ceti we have the Hidden Mountain Estate installation.
I believe this to be a clue of what to look for. I have located more than 20 planets named after some of the most notable mountains, islands and rivers on Earth.

Meru, the location of Nysa (Elysia Fields).
According to legend, Meru is the center of the universe, like the Oracle at Delphi. In the mountain climbing documentary, Meru, the team gets less than 100' from the top on their first expedition, but must go back down and retry another day at a later date due to failed weather conditions.
Before their descent the climber says, "I guess the center of the universe is unobtainable after all."

In the system Wakea (the Sky father weds Papahānaumoku, the earth mother) we have the planet Meru and another planet named Robertson's Renown.
We also have the Alexandra station

In the 1982 movie Blade Runner there is a monologue called Tears In Rain. It is considered to be one of the most important scenes in all of sci-fi movie history. Harrison Ford is a detective tasked with killing replicants known as Nexus-6. He basically sees them as soulless robots. Rutger Hauer is his target replicant that saves Ford from sure death and exposes that he is in fact capable of human emotion and compassion and thereby Ford realizes that he was mislead this entire time.
In the scene Rutger Hauer talks of having been to the Shoulder of Orion (Betelgeuse or Bellatrix) and to Tannhauser Gate.
In the deleted scenes of Blade Runner we find that Tannhauser Gate is in fact a warp station.
In the system Laka (the name of two different popular heroes from Polynesian mythology ), we have the megaship, Shoulder of Orion.
We also have a star named Nexus737 in the system.

In the system Aztlan (A mythical city never found) we have the orbital Tannhauser Gate.

Wagner's Tannhauser is a Grand romantic opera in three acts
known as Tannhauser and the song contest on the wartburg.
The wording of the opera has a stunning similarity to the search for Raxxla.

In the system Col 285 Sector IT-W B16-2 we have the Heart of Orion Megaship.

In the 1990 movie Total Recall starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Arnold is a character named Douglas Quaid and he wants to go to Mars.
There is a rebellion occurring on Mars and according to his tv's news feed an alien relic has been rumored to have been found in the mines there. He wants to go, but his wife talks him out of it. So he goes to a company named Rekall to have false memories implanted of an adventure to Mars.
He chooses the Secret Agent memory package known as Ego Trip.
He ends up on Mars and finds out that his name is actually Hauser. He locates a psychic mutant growing out of a mans stomach named Quato who requests that Hauser and him hold hands to transmit a message and he finds the secret alien relic, a giant machine capable of creating an atmosphere on Mars almost instantaneously.
This machine is being suppressed by the Tyrell corporation.
The film is loosely based on the Philip K. short story "We Can Remember It for You Wholesale".
This is the hand print on the machine to turn it on.


In the Sirius controlled mining system, Robigo (The personification of Mars to protect harvests from wheat rust) we have 3 stations,
Quaid Vision, Hauser's Reach and Sitrotanovic's Legacy.

Alija Sitrotanovic was a Yugoslavian Mining hero who held the record for the highest yield.

We also have the mining system, Quator, previously controlled by the suspicious, Sirius affiliated company, Wreaken construction.

Much like the Total Recall relic, ours appeared to have influenced our capability to terraform Mars rather quickly on our second attempt,
and it too was no bigger than a child's hand.

I was planning on making a video on this but that time is yet to come.
Last edited: Mar 31, 2019
Reactions:
Rochester, Oaktree, Machina Ergo Sum and 2 others