GURU-951
Mar 31, 2019
#7,134
At this point I'm on the thought process of taking a strong look at Tau Ceti and Van Maanen's.
I've compiled a spreadsheet of Every single asset in both systems and have used it to track the names of things in those systems into other systems through an extensive search of eddb's system, station, and bodies database for all names involved.
Both of those systems should know the whereabouts of Raxxla, or contain clues to finding it, whatever it may be. As a detective with no real clues to the whereabouts of the missing thing, these are all we have to start with. You may be surprised with what you find by doing this one simple thing and googling the names and words of the assets
to find out who and what the names and words are.

Another thing I've come to understand is who and what Art is in the codex. Art is a Ship Born Mechanic.
At first glance this may appear to say he was born on a ship and repairs them. But if you look at Art as a ship based game mechanic than he takes on a different function.

The DW is conducting tests. What is the one way that a faction tests us? Missions. That's all. That's the only venue through which we get contacted by anyone,
outside of Tip-Offs, which lets face it, are kind of dry. So using Art as a ship based game mechanic, where is the art? Possibly in the artistic depictions of characters?

Cora, she sounds like she likes to have fun. Either she's a rich social butterfly, a pirate or a rebel.
She seems to know of Pirate treasure, so she is likely to be in association with those factions. If she's a pirate or rebel, the suggestion below will make it easier to identify her.
And she clearly needs a ride in your ship to find it. Passenger missions maybe? Probably.

If you go to Tau Ceti or Van Maanen's star and take a look at their contacts you will notice that they have a tattoo on their forehead.
For Van Maanen's they have 4 hexagons with a leading line toward the center. There are 2 other forehead tattoos you will find in game as well.
One looks like a square bar code and the other, a single stripe that looks like a swipe of ash such as worn by the Gateway Jet Brotherhood, and some other factions.
Almost all pirate factions have one of the three, almost all of them. Some just have triangles or a set of hexagons tattooed on their neck.
I've been keeping an eye out specifically for passengers with one of the 3 tattoos. Sometimes I find them in non-pirate faction jobs.
They appear to always lead me to systems of importance in the history of the game and to systems which contain bodies named after mountains or rivers,
or something that can be tied to Tau Ceti or Van Maanen assets or even the DW affiliated stations Neumann and Paulson.
I'm not real sure if you're supposed to look for one tattoo type over the other at this point though.

I've been using these identifiers and have had some interesting results.

Once you ally yourself with Van Maanen your passenger missions contact for the Sublime order of Van Maanen goes from being Divine Galen Elliot that you meet in Tau Ceti to Kaylie Winters and her position is Pilgrimage Mentor,
you'd be the student is she's the mentor, and you appear to be on a pilgrimage to something.
They're the Guardians of the Free Spirit and they believe hardship is the way to live a full life.
Attachments
359320_20190326003455_1.jpg
516.5 KB · Views: 333
359320_20190326015213_1.jpg
502.4 KB · Views: 440
359320_20190326175423_1.jpg
495.1 KB · Views: 336
Last edited: Mar 31, 2019
Reactions:
Rudolphus and Six6VI