Blaggerdy
B
May 25, 2020
#16,723
I've looked into this several times over the ~12 months I've been playing. Undoubtedly covering a lot of ground already discounted elsewhere and my efforts pale into comparison of others. Having tried numerous approaches these are the six I remember

1 Obtain missions and explore based on them
Tried to pick up unrequested missions
Became allied with everything in a few systems
Came to the conclusion these were events not related to Raxxla

2 Find likely candidates e.g. through system names, system properties
Don't believe this is the answer, having spent weeks investigating
May be impossible if pre-requisites such as accepting or completing missions was required

3 Try to find a target system or body based on the "six clues", such as the first letter of each answer
Don't believe this is the answer but spent a fair while looking into it

4 Read / contribute here
Picked up some really good ideas
Happy to contribute where I can, even if I don't follow or agree with something I will try to help

5 Artefacts at Alpha Cygni, Star of India and Alpha Centurai
Read about them here
Didn't sound very likely to me but went to Alpha Cygni and it didn't immediately feel like a bug
Went to Star of India and observed there
Flew around those two systems
Got frustrated by not being able to relate system map locations to in-game locations
UInable to identify anything or correlate any movement effect on the artefacts
Now thinking it may well be a bug, along the lines suggested by CMD Deano The Imperial. e.g. star animation on wrong layer

6 Using the "six clues" as locations to progress to something else
This feels like the most likely solution that I've seen, wish I'd thought of it

I'm not certain of any of the six clue answers, although I suspect Maia is the whisperer
Am thinking each answer is unlikely to be in a "No system description is available" system
Searching for Raxxla may mean I never find it, but doing something else may unlock it

For that reason I've stopped trying to find it as a number one priority, and considered how I might want to find it. That means parking up my Phantom + DBX and getting back into my Cobra Mk III. No doubt this isn't essential but it's what I want to do. Also, I've not visited the "Old Worlds" so have started with Tionisla. If I finish with them I may move on to INRA and AEGIS locations.

I totally get the "no clues" approach from the developers. At the same time I would appreciate knowing if Raxxla can be found i.e. is not permit locked or similar. Would also appreciate knowing that if one or more people did find it, this would be made known formally to prevent any spoofing of it. e.g. a nice use of Galnet with either CMDR xyz or CMDR anonymous as appropriate.
Reactions:
-=fox=-, Machina Ergo Sum, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 2 others