Merlin StWahgwaan
May 25, 2020
#16,725
FullM3talX said:
ok i did some analysis on this image. and here's your final proof that it is fake. even though before i break it down, i must admit, after all the tests i did, the quality of editing here is quite good. i dont see how people say it's easily fake. because it's not. (from a visual analysis point of view). not "easily" at least. he completely covered his tracks as far as the image effects itself go, but he forgot to cover his tracks on his thought process. and i got him good.

the object in the screenshot looked like a dyson sphere to me. so i asked myself, if i wanted to fake a dyson sphere in my screenshot, what would i do?
ofcourse! i would google dyson sphere. here's what google search result brings up for dyson sphere.
SPOILER: DYSON SPHERE
at first glance it looked very supicious to me. so i played with it.
if you cut it perfectly in a circle and put it next to the screenshot, and change it's color tone to a slightly reddish tone. you get this:
i know. it's disappointing sigh...
if you look closely, the patterns are exactly the same. there is no shadow of a doubt that the image from google was used in the screenshot.

somehow i wanted to believe the screenshot was true, just to give me a tiny hope. maybe it was the original purpose of who ever uploaded it? but that seems like a definite proof it is fake. and the hope is shattered into pieces again. hopefully though we can put this at rest, and move on. there is a real totally not fake raxxla out there in the black. and it only wants to get found!
Click to expand...


FINALLY!!! Someone with EVIDENCE to backup their claims!! only took 4 poeple to block me before I finally got a ligit answer!!

THANK YOU!!!!

And DOUBLE thank you for also mentioning " the quality of editing here is quite good. i dont see how people say it's easily fake. because it's not" now hopfully those gentelman who inisisted it was an obvious fake will believe that it WASNT, well, except for the dyson sphere img from google, lol. But all the complaining and assertions that it was a fake due to "obvious" reasons, like the font, which most of us here seem to have agreeded, could be a custom font for Raxxla if the img was real, so aside from the sphere, the idea that the Font alone was discrediting the img was unreasonable. and the claims of an "obvious" fake were UNTRUE, atleast as far as YOU could tell or I could tell, until you did a further analysis. Which is all I asked for. And I love that you dont even mention the font being a subject, becuase its not, there was no PROOF the font is impossible or incorrect.

So THANK YOU again!!

I hope others reading this post and the thread before it, can now realize, just becuase @Jorki Rasalas @Han_Zen @alexzk and or ANY person for that matter, claims somthing, that its not neccessarily 100% correct or true, it doesnt matter if they've been in the thread since page 1, if they cant or are unwilling to backup their claims, they shouldnt be given blind trust 100%, sure they might be knowledgable, but who says they know anymore than someone who has been playing the game but not active on this thread? thats right, they might not, it doesnt take an active poster to be knowledgable about the game.


My final words for today, are a direct comment to @Jorki Rasalas and his comment above:

"What got my goat (apologies to our Capra aegagrus hircus overlords, or any worshippers thereof) yesterday was someone trolling this as a valid hypothesis but then strongly insulting anyone who tried to throw the clear light of contrary evidence onto it. "

Umm, why dont you go back and re-read yesterdays conversation buddy, I did not "strongly insulting anyone who tried to throw the clear light of contrary evidence onto it", get your facts straight for day two. I strongly insulted anyone who tried to throw the UNCLEAR light of contrary ASSUMTIONS and ASSERTIONS onto it. Becuase they, including yourself, were giving personal OPINIONS not FACTS backed with PROOF, unlike @FullM3talX who acctually took the time to provide PROOF the img was fake, and to re-clairfy, he did not provide proof to back up ANY of YOUR claims @Jorki Rasalas, or anyone from yesterday, he proved it was a fake with information NO ONE used yesterday.

Just to make sure we are all clear on the FACTS of the last 24hours or so, not just @Jorki Rasalas opinions of what happened.
Reactions:
XYZ