M_Dastardly
M
Dec 26, 2018
#4,786
Hello Commanders!
I have to say this forum has been an excellent source of entertainment for me since the update came out. I love all of the different ideas that have been posted on here and I would like to add my two cents.

I would like to talk about this passage from the codex:

"It is futile to attempt to contact the Dark Wheel of one's own initiative. However - it is they who always initiate contact, initially in disguise, revealing their true identity once a suitable test of courage and skill has been discreetly administered, and passed."

It seems like a lot of people see what the codex says as law except for this passage, I think most of the clues discussed here are correct (Polaris, Delphi, heart and soul, F Rift, etc) but all lead to permit locked systems. So I think maybe we should be focusing on how to get a message or something from the dark wheel instead of trying to find a station that is most likely in a permit locked system anyway. I stumbled upon a novella that apparently came out in 1984 with the original game called Elite: The Dark Wheel by Robert Holdstock. Now I’m sure many of you have heard about it and possibly even read it but I’m curious if you guys think that the journey Alex Ryder had to go through is possibly something we would have to do now. In the story he had to be elite in combat to get an invitation from the dark wheel and from the way the codex entry sounds in the newest update that’s spot on. I also wonder if an elite rank in CQC is also necessary as, if I’m not mistaken, there was at least one system permit gained from CQC in the past. I definitely don’t think that’s all it would take but it might be a good first step. If you had to be elite in something to get to Shinrarta Dezhra then there’s no reason why it wouldn’t be something similar to be invited to the Dark Wheel station especially considering how they talk about only taking the best of the best. I doubt a secretive group like this would have an open front door near the bubble for anyone to find if that was the case.

Thanks for reading my long post and best of luck in the search for Raxxla!

P.S- also saw something about a planet named Soontill that the Dark Wheel found instead of Raxxla don’t know if it’s canon or if there’s any truth in it
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein