CMDR Hagglebeard
Dec 26, 2018
#4,783
Quick write up - don't know how/where to post editable text files without my IRL name being connected to it, so, posting it here. Missing anything?

"To the jewel that burns on the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void!
The parent's grief, the lover's wore, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!" -Dark Wheel Toast

Mother of galaxies = Cassiopeiae
Jewel = Zeta Cassiopeia
Whisperer in Witchspace - ?
Siren of the deepest void - ?
The Parent's grief - Fluk the Dog (check the inhabited heart system)
Lover's Woe - Reference to sonnet 19, Astrophel and Stella

Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars = Astrophel and Stella

1

Loving in truth, and fain in verse my love to show,
That she (dear She) might take some pleasure of my pain:
Pleasure might cause her read, reading might make her know,
Knowledge might pity win, and pity grace obtain,
I sought fit words to paint the blackest face of woe,
Studying inventions fine, her wits to entertain:
Oft turning others' leaves, to see if thence would flow
Some fresh and fruitful showers upon my sun-burned brain.
But words came halting forth, wanting Invention's stay,
Invention, Nature's child, fled step-dame Study's blows,
And others' feet still seemed but strangers in my way.
Thus great with child to speak, and helpless in my throes,
Biting my truant pen, beating myself for spite,
'Fool' said my Muse to me, 'look in thy heart and write.'

9

Queen Vertues court, some call Stellas face,
Prepar'd by Natures chiefest furniture,
Hath his front built of Alabaster pure;
Gold is the covering of that stately place
The doore by which sometimes comes forth her Grace,
Red Porphir is, which locke of pearl makes sure:
Whose porches rich (which name of cheeks endure)
Marble mixt red and white do enterlace.
The windowes now through which this heav'nly guest
Looks over the world, and can find nothing such,
Which dare claime from those lights the name of best.
Of touch they are that without touch doth touch,
Which Cupids selfe from Beauties myne did draw:
Of touch they are, and poore I am their straw.

19

On Cupid's bow how are my heartstrings bent,
That see my wrack, and yet embrace the same?
When most I glory, then I feel most shame:
I willing run, yet while I run, repent.
My best wits still their own disgrace invent:
My very ink turns straight to Stella's name;
And yet my words, as them my pen doth frame,
Avise themselves that they are vainly spent.
For though she pass all things, yet what is all
That unto me, who fare like him that both
Looks to the skies and in a ditch doth fall?
Oh let me prop my mind, yet in his growth,
And not in Nature, for best fruits unfit:
"Scholar," saith Love, "bend hitherward your wit."

20

Fly, fly, my friends, I have my death wound; fly!
See there that boy, that murthering boy I say,
Who like a thief, hid in dark bush doth lie,
Till bloody bullet get him wrongful prey.
So tyrant he no fitter place could spy,
Nor so fair level in so secret stay,
As that sweet black which veils the heav'nly eye:
There himself with his shot he close doth lay.
Poor passenger, pass now thereby I did,
And stayed pleas'd with the prospect of the place,
While that black hue from me the bad guest hid:
But straight I saw motions of lightning grace,
And then descried the glist'ring of his dart:
But ere I could fly hence, it pierc'd my heart.


Cupid's bow - bow's need an arrow. O-stars through NGC 7822 are known as Cupid's Arrow.

"Scholar," saith Love, "bend hitherward your wit." - Search for love. Love is associated with the heart and the soul - H&S nebulae.

As that sweet black which veils the heav'nly eye: Veil? Veil nebulae? A heaven'ly eye must be spherical (eye), so it's definitely a planet or star. Alternatively and more literally, Cat's Eye nebula is a possibility, but it's very distant in the galactic top, not sure if it's reachable. The spanish codex description of Raxxla's location, en la cima, means at the top - making this more likely.

Sonnet 20 refers to an ambush. Someone will likely obstruct our path. The last person to put there nose in the wrong place - Salome - died.

---

The portal on Raxxla is named the Omphalos Rift. An Omphalos mean's 'navel', or in Ancient Greek mythology, a 'center'. In Greek lore, Zeus sent two Eagles around the world at equal speed and opposite direction, and where they converged he laid down the Omphalos stone, to mark the center of the world. This real-world location was of great importance to the ancient Greeks, who called it 'Delphi'. The Pleaides Sector IR-W D1-55 was recently (after 3.3) renamed to Delphi, and it was the center of the Thargoid attacks on humans, and the location of both the Aegis defense program, and the Eagle Eye thargoid detection program. Coincidence?

Some people think that the two Eagles might be of importance. There are two nebulae named after eagles - the Eagle nebula, and the Aquila nebula (latin for eagle). They speculate that the midpoint between these two nebulae might hold a clue.
Last edited: Dec 26, 2018
Reactions:
GURU-951 and Edelgard von Rhein