CyberTribe
C
Dec 26, 2018
#4,788
CMDR Hagglebeard said:
It could've just been me, but witchspace seems very different near Heart and Soul - more moving green spots and odd noises.

Don't know what a wov is. Sonnet 19 describes the frustration Sidney feels when he attempts to make clear his love for Stella in words, which is a form of woe, I think.

wore = woe, I misspelled, sorry. I wrote the toast from memory, but I believe I wrote it just about perfectly. I'll be playing Elite later, if you want a screenshot.

Thought it was vow, not woe, and misspelled too.
Where do i change ingame language?
My game is in Russian, and can't find that in options.

In russian version of the codex that DW pledge is intrestingly spelled to mean not "to" (which can be understood 2 ways), but directly mean "for", but that might be bad translation.
As for the woe part - it's translated in a way so it's not the one who loves is frustrated (astrophel in our case), but the one who is loved (Stella), is there a part of those sonnets in which Stella would be sad?

Reading that codex artice in russian once again and i really doubt that Astrophel and Stella is the thing we need.
"Princess Astrophel and Spiralling Stars" might be some kind of metaphorical link to a real tale, which shouldn't be taken literally.

So, IMO, our path to Raxxla (if that pledge is indeed the path, which very much looks so) would be split in those parts (backwars translation from russian, so correct me where it's wrong):
1. To the Jewel in the crown of mother of galaxies = Cass Z, and here we have no doubts.
2. To the whisper in witchspace, siren of the deepest void = to be found out, would be heading to Cass Z to check theory about witchspace sounds.
3. To the father's grief = To be found out, but let's say for now that it's indeed that nice doggy memorial.
4. To the lovers woe = Again, need to find where we are heading
5. To the yearning of our vagabond hearts = ???

The last three might actually be one in 3 parts. The best guess we have for now - it's Astrophel and Stella, and we need to chose the right sonnets from it.
Part 5 might be linking to sonnet 20, which reads:
"Fly, fly, my friends, I have my death wound; fly!"

In that case Previous two logically might be earlier, but can't be sure, and part 3 would be something like: To XX XX 20
Might end up as some kind of coordinates or a link to where we need to go.

Pass me tinfoil, while i travel from eagle nebula (awesome, but nothing here, and i lost my Asp...) to Cass Z...

Also, speaking of Astrophell and Stella, there's one version which is partly adapted, can be found here, it has original part on one page, and then adpated version on another. Might be easier for understanding: https://www.poetryintranslation.com/klineassidney.php
Last edited: Dec 26, 2018
Reactions:
GURU-951 and CMDR Hagglebeard