Rochester
Aug 23, 2024
#34,619
Trinkets are linked. But what relevance they initially or currently play however, remains an unknown!

Remember, when questioned in this thread, FD confirmed the trinkets were linked to ‘that story’ ergo the removed missions,

They have a specific action, which is they are both illegal in almost every area of space and attract pirates.

Trinkets in game description identifies they are associated with the deity Fortune / Fortuna.

In game the historical removed missions; What Was Lost Will Soon Be Found, had the sub title of ‘The Wheel Of Time Turns’.

Something is certainly off with them.

FD confirms TOHF link to removed missions
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10123066

In the post below there is a discussion about the mega ship Nemb which is attacked by pirates, trinkets are not disclosed directly but the phrasing is suspiciously close. The systems location is odd too, being very close to the Greek Fates.

This location is particularly weird because it is essentially just off the circumference of the zone denoted by storm gods, aka the zone of Chaos.

Secondly this general area is technically by my calculations, the focal point of the Thargoid Mealstroms, somewhere around Mat Zemlya; Cocijo and Mamaragan but also Veroandi.

Cocijo is of note because it holds a body named after a Welsh mountain Moel Hebog.

Thirdly this location is home to the system Lethe. In Dante’s Devine Comedy, the river Lethe was located within the Earthly Paradise (Eden) atop the Mountain of Purgatory, which had a spiralling path upon it which every soul had to wait their turn upon.

Little else has yet to present itself, but I feel confident that the trinkets were part of an original, now archived narrative. If any localisation linked to them might provide context… I suspect they were left in because they may have been part of a larger element of ‘environment storytelling’, which I suspect- very much like the ‘garden design’ formed part of a hidden narrative who’s architectures have been left un-disturbed.

Greek fates location / megaship in LP 892-51
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10395461



Last edited: Aug 31, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Ian Doncaster and Jumpin' Jack Flash