Jorki Rasalas
Aug 23, 2024
#34,617
Macros Black said:
Dahan surveyed, nothing found.

Examined rings of Hathor and Dahan 3 by flying in supercruise over the rings at ~1 Mm/s.

Raxxla Hunter
SPOILER: RAXXLA HUNTER

PS: I had no idea that a system called existed.
Click to expand...
Were you carrying (& possibly dropping) Trinkets? I can't help but feel that TOHF are relevant. Especially from Elite: Dangerous Fiction Diary #1 where @7mins30 MB said “When you’re travelling in Alliance space make sure you’re not accidentally smuggling something illegal” with big grin and fixed look for several seconds." Seems to tie in with the Legacy hint that Raxxla is in Alliance space.

Is System Fortuna in Alliance space? -linked to Trinkets of Hidden Fortune! (& it might be the sole purpose of the old E/F missions was to highlight TOHF as part of the "Raxxla storyline"?).

TOHF description: “This container appears to hold an assorted collection of low-value trinkets, knick-knacks and statuettes (an aside/additional thought- AHTW statuettes came from Grandmort). Such trinkets are generally used by superstitious pilots to try and win favour with the lady Fortuna. However, these particular knick-knacks have a much more valuable prize hidden within.” Now TOHF containers are labelled “NEX0275401977 VESPINE TRANSPORT SYSTEMS", & that number is same as SAP8 container (goids ignore both)...do other cargo containers carry the same number (i.e. it's a generic container), or are they being highlighted?. In the past I visited Praea Euq EC-L d8-6291469, cos the coordinates are pretty close to the label on the Trinkets “NEX0275401977” (i.e.X= 275 Y=401 Z= 977) but nothing there other than 3 stars, no comets. (...though IIRC I wasnt carrying TOHF at the time).

From the codex we're trying to find something "for those with eyes to see", & probably "hidden", which ties in with TOHF description's "valuable prize hidden within". I am not actively playing at the moment, too busy with real life (diy kitchen refurb & house is a disaster zone), but I left my Python MK2 carrying some TOHF ready to search around Dahan and OT Serpentis...and I remember when I visited the second asteroid belt in OT Serpentis I encountered a gang of pirates labelled as "pirates" rather than the usual local faction label which struck me as strange. I suspect a successful combat outcome will be necessary to find Raxxla.
Reactions:
Dox Paradox, Macros Black and Rochester