Vetinari
V
Apr 12, 2021
#22,876
Ton618 666 said:
Ha, my fathers middle name was zoltan, he refuses to acknowledge its his middle name lol




Knew Id heard the name before

clavain said:
Well I can officially confirm that dropping into asteroid belts to see what is in them is just as repetitive and boring as it was when we thought there was nothing in them. Just went back to Suijin on a lark to look for Octavia's base, and I think I managed to drop into four clusters before calling it quits. If they are going to use this as a mechanic in future lets hope they either fix the FSS, or give us clear hints as to a limited number of possible systems that need to be searched. I can't imagine doing what everyone did with California Sector over the weekend and having to check all the asteroid clusters. New levels of tedious grind potential if they don't.

Mostly agree about tedium etc I just cant bring myself to do it when theres 16 of them in one system, I want to just to be sure, I just cant . Maybe theyll put more stuff in to find in Belts so we have a reason to visit more. Atm they are like the blue circles on planets, who bothers checking them out anymore when theres so much stuff to do already? The more they add in to the game in general the less likely we are to visit the 'boring' places that dont have any returns. In the SRV I check out most signals though coz Im already on the ground and having fun driving / flying / crashing but I dont land to take out the SRV for a blue circle anymore, not their fault though that they added so much else to grab my attention that I dont bother anymore.

But its a double edged sword for me personally, I specifically dont want them to just reveal DW or Raxxla system or even area necessarily, but anything else a clue or hint or nudge in the right direction would be appreciated. Maybe an 'anomaly' signal or something when FSSing the belt even if 50%-75% of the time its nothing it would still make it worthwhile to drop in and have a look and not feel so pointless.
Reactions:
simulacrae, Jorki Rasalas and Ton618 666