bluecrash
Aug 23, 2019
#11,206
RaNaketh said:
Update: Operation Less Than Three
The Quest To Find Raxxla
I believe Galnet reported that the Martian Artifact was no larger than a child’s hand. If that is true then it can’t be any of the Guardian artefacts that we are currently aware of. Well there is no valid description of these artifacts based on size and weight. It would be to easy of a clue if...
forums.frontier.co.uk

This is more of an FYI post for those interested in TDW 'invitation' way of finding Raxxla, so stop reading now if that's not your style.

Also note: I still haven't received an invitation from TDW, so obviously I'm still a hack!

Anyway, I'm still (as time permits) plugging away at OLTT in my unique way of only taking Founder or Elite missions directly from TDW on Jameson Memorial. I've noted that I'm still yet to receive a duplicate mission from TDW faction ally to one of their locations for the same goods as per this example data set below.



I'll end up visiting a single location, for a single faction target, for different goods - then when they run out of goods type missions 'In the name of Democracy' , I'll get missions for another faction.



I did seem to notice (although I haven't verified) that the missions 'dry up' for a faction when I become allied with them. Take that with a grain of salt at the moment, but I'll keep an eye on it. When that has occurred (twice that I recall), I then get missions to another random faction that I've never dealt with such as:



I have noted all the factions I'm receiving missions for are on Macros' list that he's allied with. So I'm approaching this as a get allied, and deliver all the stuff they ask for style engagement.

/ Ra
Click to expand...

I noticed last night... Founder of Elite missions from Shin D. I thought I might of imagined it till now. I did complete one. I also noticed some new things in the NPC backgrounds... like LARGE skull earrings... and suppressed rifles. The odd thing about NPC detail was that both large skull earrings were from two diff gov factions as opposed to the single detail determined by government like the half Raxxla symbol on the foreheads of Anarchy NPC. I got all the permits, and tried to triangulate the Raxxla forehead tatts of those that gave permits, unsuccessfully. Anyway, glad you mentioned "founder of elite" faction ... here is some evidence for you.
Attachments
earing.jpg
152.3 KB · Views: 109
faction_data.jpg
340.5 KB · Views: 114
skuilll2.jpg
174.7 KB · Views: 101
Reactions:
RaNaketh and Hanerib