Noobilite
May 9, 2019
#8,015
Not the tungsten. The reticules. They are also the same as the symbol round the circle. Maybe it's a part of it. I've seen three or 4 things with that triple cirlce bar thing. The reticule in the system map, ship weapons reticule, srv weapons reticule, and something else I can't remember. And they are oddly all upside down. It might be a hint.

What reticule is a full circle?

Did any of the previous games have one or more of these symbols/reticules?

Guide / Tutorial - Elite's built-in optical landing system explained
I frequently noticed that people seem to be having significant problems with fitting the big ships through the mailslot and into a station. Hence I am going to share a neat feature I have been using for a long time to safely get several different big ships into a station. I tested this with the...
forums.frontier.co.uk

In symbolism a key general represents knowledge. A door is a barrier representing a lack of knowledge needing to be bypassed. A journey is the effort and real work to gain knowledge. etc.

Maybe Raxxla is the secret on how to land and to proper maneuvers. And they gave up on us finding it and finally gave us auto docking.

Maybe the hunt for Raxxla is just their way of saying, "LEARN TO ING DRIVE!" 8)

See, they kept following the statistics and they were dismayed. The more they watched them the more depressed they become until they could no longer stand the game or their lives... They were on the edge of oblivion!

Or the original instruction manual they thought everyone could figure out.

Wait, maybe raxxla is the actual manual. As most people got this electronically nobody can find it... 8\

Raxxla isn't some acronym that represent a manual type set of information and is some quaint English joke about needing direction only and english person would get? Who here hunting for raxxla is British vs non British. Are Non British the only ones looking?! Not that that would matter because the british ones could lie to carry on the joke....
Last edited: May 9, 2019