Louis Calvert
Feb 13, 2018
#1,711
MakahiGames said:
I don't really think there is enough content in TDW to draw any legitimate conclusions on this quest though.

(Unless of course I read an adjunct version or something - it was the version on the authors website?)

It feels like the idea of the book was to inspire the chase, but give absolutely no legitimate direction to that chase.

If it has been confirmed that Frontier stated Raxxla was in the original game - and then in hindsight this statement has been disproved... I am tempted to err on the side of caution and presume that they lied again about ED. Whilst the galaxy is huge and thus it COULD be there.... it is clear from the manner in which discoveries have happened so close to release that Frontier are drip feeding content into the game at their leisure.

I wish we could get an official statement confirming 100%, in no uncertain terms, that Raxxla can be found in a system, using an Advanced Discovery Scanner, flown up to, scanned using the DSS, and clearly identified as THE Raxxla. @FrontierSupport - any chances of this reassurance?

On a slight tangent - is anyone here contributing to the guardians CG?

100% definitely confirmed Raxxla has never been in any game prior to Elite Dangerous (it wasn't even mentioned in any of the in-game journals or missions, for example). This has been confirmed in the subsequent years by people who have basically picked apart the code for those games. If Raxxla was there hidden somewhere in FE2 or FFE in the galaxy, it wasn't called Raxxla.

Raxxla is 100% definitely confirmed in Elite Dangerous - we've quoted both DB and MB several times on this thread alone where they confirm it is, the quote is something like "Yes it's in the Milky Way and we know where it is". They have never claimed we can currently find it though.

That it literally the summation of what we actually know about Raxxla. All else is pure speculation, and even in the past few years of ED's existance there's already been a lot of rumour and misrepresentation from people claiming a thing has been said that hasn't, or not checking sources and believing something someone else said, etc, and as Jaiotu said, that's really where the fun is. It might not be a planet, it might not be accessible, it might be there but called something else until the time is right to reveal it, etc. It might be invisible, like the comets current are - BUT! It might be possible to find it today, you might be the one to find it...
Last edited: Feb 13, 2018