Rochester
Oct 2, 2022
#27,399
Cunder said:
Anyone recall any Sonnets in Astrophil and Stella that would be considered Sidney's "Utopian" view cause I know he makes out that Stella is some Utopian type of person off and on.

Edit Update: Maybe the "Place that is also not a place, A Door that is also a Key"

The more I think about it these are descriptions that may have been overlooked for a long time. First part would describe the word Utopia, and the 2nd part which I have never thought of since I was a kid but I remember a Book would be described as a Door so in a sense the Book can be a Door and Key.

This would also fit the reason for the Raxxla Knowledge Base as it describes El Dorado, Atlantis, and Kingdom of Prester John, these are Utopian places
Astrophil and Stella was just a very misdirecting hint they made us think it was the book itself. But more the fact it just a book If they just said it was a book then it would be considered a too much of a Hint.

Again the clues fit with the old so it may have seem like nothing was untouched since then.

Edit 2 Update: I will Emphasis the idea of Utopia meaning no place, it's also other meaning is nowhere.

Vagabond which is a wanderer to no place, or also nowhere.

Which could also mean a Wanderer for Utopia

possibly reference Utopia Book
Click to expand...
Hard to nail down, text such as Sidney’s were very allegorical. It’s open to interpretation, but much of that text is ver personal although he does make heavy references to the planet Mercury.

*edited: The text doesn’t directly reference any particular utopia IMPO, being focused primarily on his unrequited love, Lady Penelope and locations of London, some can interpret the sonnets as a numerical allusion to Homers Odyssey and the number of Penelopes suitors of which there were 108, and remember, Odysseus returned home in disguise as a beggar, he essentially was a vagabond.

However Sidney’s ‘utopia’ in general in the majority of his texts was Arcadia (a paradise lost) (utopia)) itself an allegory by the poet for Britain (in his eyes).

In my opinion ‘Princess Astrophel’ is either a reference to the Odyssey or it’s a role reversal, as it’s a male prefix, Astrophel / Astrophil being a play on word for Phillip… I suspect it’s actually a reference to ‘Mary Sidney’ his little sister, for whom Sidney wrote Arcadia (a children’s story). But we’ve been there before; it’s possible it’s an allusion to something else or a red herring.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8293878

A place which isn’t a place used to make me think of liminality. Two spheres the intersection a nowhere.

Last edited: Oct 6, 2022
Reactions:
simulacrae