Jorki Rasalas
Oct 31, 2020
#19,554
Filthymick420 said:
Just noticed the first piece of MB's back tattoo just happens to be Adamastor....


View attachment 193600

View attachment 193599

https://alchetron.com/Adamastor
Click to expand...

Mmm, point of order!

Adamastor was supposedly one of the Tritons, but not pukka greek myth as he was invented by a Portuguese poet
Cape of Myths : The story of Adamastor - Cape Point
The Story of Adamastor, the Untamed Titan Fall of the TitansOnce upon a time, so long ago that not even the Greek gods had been born – or so the sages tell us – the Earth and the Sky gave birth to twelve Titans. These were fierce and violent creatures, with bodies as big as
capepoint.co.za

The figure at top left of the tattoo actually seems to be taken from the Triton Gate at the Pena Palace Portugal
Pena National Palace Triton Gate in Sintra, Portugal - Encircle Photos
This evil looking creature that is squatting in a claim shell over a bed of smaller ones is perched above the Triton Gate at the Pena National Palace. Apparently he symbolizes the creation of the world. He makes most castle gargoyles look tame.
www.encirclephotos.com

So unless MB/FD suddenly seem to be improbably mixing up their lore (not an entirely impossible scenario ) I’m still sticking with Triton. I suspect the Adamastor gen ship is the start of a trail, but nothing to do with TDW/Raxxla; I note the hint at smuggling and unauthorised colonisation. More likely this is scenario building leading to the major invasion of thargoids that we’ve been threatened with for the last five years; makes sense since pic of thargoids on the ground was leaked a while ago and I expect this is going to be a significant part of Odyssey release gameplay...
Unless it’s just a Halloween-related Easter egg

Edit: ah, a Frontier livestream, not the actual UK Channel 4 news...thought I’d missed something important. So, the Raxxla/Thargoid/Guardian references at the beginning are just fluff. This is related to the Adamastor gen ship in Chukcan (in the Coalsack? There was nothing there when I went looking for Raxxla there 2 years ago). At 4mins 30 there’s a night sky with stars-time for the pattern matchers out there!
Last edited: Oct 31, 2020
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, Hanerib, Rochester and 1 other person