PeteACarter
P
Jun 1, 2020
#16,979
FalconFly said:
Since I had the same thoughts since a very long time now, I think he means the following :

"Raxxla" for example could be 6 ASCII characters anywhere behind a remark Symbol in a Code line. That's it. Just the word.
When asked if "Raxxla was in the game", DB could rightfully answer : "Yes".

After all, it's a remark somewhere in the Code, even if that was a Server-only piece of Code. It's part of the Game.
Exceedingly deceptive - but not outright lying. Not uncommon, far from it.

It's the same as DB telling an Investment Journalist during an Interview [sic]
All during a time where new content was already (at best) coming once every 4-6 months.
Did DB lie directly? No, of course not. An OOBE doesn't do that, right?
There were cosmetic additions to ELITE every week. He just.... labeled those store items "content"

Semantics have often been very, important around here
Click to expand...
Agreed.

Personally I believe there is a Raxxla, that we either can, or will be able to discover - be it an asteroid, a moon, or even a generation ship, otherwise I wouldn't spend so much time on this thread but being in game could mean:

a) Its behind a permit lock
b) It has an atmosphere, but you can't recognize it as being Raxxla unless you land
c) It could be on a no atmosphere planet, but you cant recognize it unless you land (would be discoverable now but not at the end of beta - yet still in game)
d) In a system somewhere in Aquila's Halo that you need a FC to reach
e) Use your imagination to come up with a hundred other ways that it's in game but not available

Look at some of the gen ships - They were in game from the start but began life as Anaconda placeholders. I suspect (hope) Raxxla is similar - in game from the start, but evolving with each release. You never know, next year we might have to fight off "evil men" in FPS mode, just to reach it
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Non Grata, Deleted member 38366 and 2 others