Rochester
Aug 31, 2022
#26,988
yelboc said:
While I agree in general, there is a side issue here about the 'spehere of influence'

Whilst we have a date for the first mentione of Raxxla, we can't be sure that Raxxla was actually discovered by that time. The myth need not have grown out of actual contact with Raxxla - it could grow only out of third hand evidence of Raxxla, say from some artifact, or by some other communication from a 3rd party.

So it may not be safe to assume that 'sphere of influence'.
A good point, hypothesis need to be challenged and tested against other information.

Not wanting to repeat myself but I’ve just had 4 espressos!

The assumed sphere of influence I’ve proposed is a simple assumption based off the furthest systems explored up to that date described in the Codex.

From a scientific point of view, the codex could be providing us a temporal point of origin. That’s my informed assumption. I work in temporal mapping in RL. The issue is we have limited information and multiple conflicting storylines which may/may not be relevant.

The next settlement after that date, was some years later, granted the sphere likely could be much larger (if it’s accurate) to include this.

The sphere does not take into account travel distances, set out during that period, logically this would increase the sphere, but such information is not described canonically and from my perception is potentially unreliable information at best, so I’ve omitted it.

I then compared the sphere with a system called Pandemonium, the capital of hell from Paradise Lost, which in John Milton’s depiction of the cosmos was below the spherical shell of the silent song, on the outside in the realm of chaos.

In game Pandemonium sits just on this supposed sphere of influence. This could be intentional or just coincidence but technically it’s in the wrong place, it ought to be lower. I studied classics and that’s my interpretation of the layout, and it’s comparable to others interpretations, such as Thomas Nathaniel Orchard’s ‘Miltons Astronomy’.

Of course I suspect MB popped it in without such insight as he describes himself in his blog, in relation to Milton as not being an academic, and utilising a ‘Parallel Prose’ edition. So it could be an error / creative license.

I then mapped the sphere against all known systems (That I can find to date… on going) that relate to the tree of Yggdrasil. This is in relation to the existence of Donars Oak at Delphi and MB Yggdrasil T-shirt and back tattoo.

All but 2 of these Yggdrasil stars sit within this sphere of influence. It’s very interesting…

It’s possible this sphere could be bigger / or smaller, this I am still looking into but I speculate it actually relates to the discarded DW missions and a discarded narrative of MB, or some other Easter egg… however the existence and timely insertion of Donars Oak I find tantalising.
Last edited: Aug 31, 2022