Noobilite
Feb 18, 2019
#6,133
Eckee said:
I’ve said many times, saying that again. This not the original, it’s a fan made replica based on the one shown in the stream.

But that is now the image in the codex for raxxla in the thumbnail. doesn't that make it part of the game. Maybe the fan was someone from FD, "leaking," something.

oblackhando said:
Yeah the way they managed to pinpoint the signal source made my head hurt trying to understand. Also late time I activated the map room I noticed that the map would drift slowly out the room not sure if it was a bug or not, but to get back on topic I'm not entirely convinced that this is the same route to Raxxla. Do we have any concrete evidence that Thargoids and Raxxla are even connected in a small way?

We'd have to find it and whittle it away as a possibility. And keep doing that with everything potentially. We don't know they aren't yet! 8)

Han_Zen said:
We don't have any evidence that they are connected. The map has a specific purpose and it's not to find Raxxla.

The spiraling stars in the 'map room' are interesting though.

If anything in the thargoid realm is Raxxla related, I would guess Merope 5C is most likely. It's an unremarkable moon at the center(omphalos) of everything. The only thing interesting about it, is a peculiar orbital inclination.
Merope 5C has been more searched than any planet in the game. If there is something there, we are missing a key ingredient in the search.

Perhaps it's the cosmic enlightenment?
Click to expand...

There are alot of seeming similarities and coincidences in raxxla related potential things and thargoid and other things. I'm starting to assume raxxla will be found at the end of the game by finding all other things or something. Maybe it is all leading there. If it's a path everyone has to take then maybe it's literally a path, "everyone," has to take. For themselves could mean they have to go through it on some level or as a whole like the royal, "we."

Alexium67 said:
I going further in my trying to analyze the Hecate Wheel and it trinity. May something important being in the center of distances from three special systems? For example this three aspects of goddesses who brings light on the crossroads. For example something placed on the same distances from Artemis, Persephone and unknown Eileithyia (or Lucina, or Juno). Or even Shinrarta Dezhra. Probably nothing. Because it is too easy. Not too easy as a calculation, but too easy as an idea. Raxxla or key to it can't hide such oblivious way. I think if I will ready to find Raxxla some day, I should be read main Codex page of it. Not the toast, but facts about Tau Ceti, Art, Cora, Omphalos Rift etc. Ancient goddess is only the spices on this way.

Maybe the hectate circle is just like the above triangulations in 3d. Could they represent aspects of pathing? The fun thing about mysticism is that it was all original practical knowledge used a long time ago in some society. Even if we don't know all of what it is. So having it do something useful is a good way to deal with it and try to understand it.
Last edited: Feb 18, 2019