Jorki Rasalas
Aug 28, 2018
#3,306
Han_Zen said:
If we assume that Raxxla actually is a celestial body, is obfuscated on some 'outer rim' and has been possible to access/see/discover since launch, we don't have that many options.

- Raxxla is a regular planet in a far away system that is hard to spot. The system is what is obfuscated.
- Raxxla is a planet orbiting one of the mysterious 'Exotic stars'. Exotic stars are apparently a star class in ED, that no one has found.
- Raxxla is a very smal planet. Stellar Forge seem to have a 100km radius minimum size. It could still be possible to manually insert smaler bodies. These may not be detectable by discovery scanner.
- Raxxla is a comet. Comets are in the game and have been since launch. They exist as a point with gravity. Some stations orbits them, but they are invisible.

Please add more options, that are compatible with what we know about the game engine.

From front page “A certain celestial body. Place that isn't a place, door that is also the key. The myth."

well a “door” is also a “gateway”, and there are plenty of stations in-game that are named “xxxx gateway”, and since a station exists in/moves through space while orbiting its parent body, then it could also be viewed as a “celestial body”; so I don’t think we should ignore the possibility of “Raxxla Gateway” orbiting away somewhere in a system that has an obscure name. Especially if it orbited a black hole since that would fit the “Place that isn't a place” bit, as would the station orbiting a comet idea. Come to think of it I dont remember ever having encountered a comet in-game.....

edit: TDW appear to be a particularly bloodthirsty lot. I got a secondary mission yesterday to assassinate some “pirate lord” after merely delivering a load of businessmen (admittedly for 5.5MCr) from Shinrarta to a system only 11ly away. So maybe this is part of the “personal narrative”? Unfortunately I’m getting too old and slow for much combat, although I’ve now got a second Krait set up with mil composite a d weapons which got me a few bounties very quickly when I tried it out, so I sold off the old Vulture and fitted ithe Krait out with cabins for said passenger missions....
Last edited: Aug 28, 2018