Jager01
J
May 7, 2019
#7,953
Hey guys, i did a bit of looking like someone else last night about the Omphalos rift part that is in the Codex. Now while it says that these stories are/were considered false i decided to dig into it a bit more considering from what i heard this is the first time that Omphalos was mentioned in regards to Raxxla.

Now first things first what i am saying to my knowledge has nothing to do with the Dark Wheel as it also mentions in the codex that there is a group that kills independent pilots and members of the Dark wheel that get to close to finding Raxxla, so while some of you believe they had control or found it i am actually looking at the possibility that they didn't.

Another note is that Drew mentioned in a stream that Raxxla was/believed to be originally in the first game so i am also looking into this case as well.

Now Omphalos is the greek word for religious Stone Artifact, it also means "navel". This is what many people have brought up and then dismissed this from what i've seen for Raxxla. However in Greek myth if you look into it was that is that it represents the stone that "Rhea" wrapped in swaddling clothes, pretending that it was Zeus in order to deceive Cronus who was the father that swallowed his children to prevent them from usurping him as he did his own father. The stone that represents this is located in Delphi, this is because Zeus was believed to have sent two eagles one west and one east around the world, These met at its center which was over Delphi or so greek lore says.

Rhea is a system in game (Might or might not have clues). Delphi is a system in game that has AEGIS Research as a faction in it. (Might or Might not have clues). Cronus "A star (HD 240430) was named after him in 2017 when it was reported to have swallowed its planets" i have not been in game to see if 1 this constellation is in game or if this system is or how close they are located to the bubble.

After this i came to a bit of a dead end at first from looking into Omphalos so i decided to look into the list of systems that D2EA found that the original game and this have in common. So far two have stood out to me as interesting.

First was Legees and its station called Stefanyshyn-Piper City now for a Australian i did not know if there was a reason for calling this particular station after this female Astronaut, wikipedia doesn't say that she was the first female Astronaut or anything of that kind however her first trip into space was on STS-115 - Atlantis. Now Atlantis was believed to be destroyed by the god Zeus so that got me thinking again if there was or is a connection to the whole Omphalos part.

Now it also just happens that the faction Chapter of Isinor is also located in this system. Isinor is the only system from the original elite game that requires a permit, and according to EDSM "This pastoral system supports an agricultural economy but doesn't welcome strangers. So much so that the governing council won't permit a starport in orbit for trading. The permit for this system can be obtained via the Chapter of Isinor faction."

There was also reports that there was a unregistered station here which has since been removed or re hidden within the system. Now personally i'm not fully to sure on what the go is with these unregistered stations that apparently gave good G5 mats or something but could this be something at all?

Now personally i'm not elite in game yet so if that is one of the requirements as believed me searching/checking this would prob be a waste of time and also most of this could be in dead a false/waste of time but i thought i'd share this and see what you all thought and well see if anyone wanted to look into these as a possibility.

Jager.

Original systems for those that want them Courtesy of D2EA. https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XibS5oozz6-Bk3yJwvu09jgmWJNSsgkx/view
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Midian Cabal, Rochester and 2 others