simulacrae
Nov 26, 2024
#35,419
Rochester said:
Personally I think this is just narrative flavouring, they are among us yes, as in the Thargoids have been in this galaxy long before us, and have been active in the bubble. The Far God approaching could be literal, in relation to the Mealstroms?

I think the Far God cult is I interpret linked to the origins of Micheal Brooke’s Space in between narrative, and we’re somewhere within the halfway act; humans awakening a long dead precursor god, then seemingly there is a battle. Likely between Guardians and Thargods.

Ya i didnt bring in the full story. I think this is more than flavoring, in that I believe the story of the "mudlarks" is key (to an extent). There was a time earlier when both Braben and Brookes were all excited about Game of Thrones... talking about how "Winter is Coming" etc... I think this was more than enjoyment of the series... but also a recognition that they were both loosely following the same source material Anyone read Gene Wolfe?. I still hold that the earlier Elites are pointing us towards this - the Bubble Ship that was lost - I suspect went back in time and have become "Twisted Men" lets call them Shadow Children. There were a series of systems which had their outer planets stripped away by some event in the distant past. There was possibly an interaction between species in the distant past which could have guided Thargoid Development. The space inbetween could be referencing the Drowned God and or the division between the Realms (such as Yesod and Binah). The story in Holdstocks Alien World about the Narathana and the Dark Circle... there were two types of Narathana.... two types of Thargoids.... two types of aboriginals. Ya it could have wandered from the story... But i suspect the theme is still based in this mythology. Remember close to the beginning of the game we had a "Comet" streaking across the stars... and a Burning Warg. They were Portends...

As a side note I suspect the wanderer is a super heavy moon that is possibly the home to those tiny creatures that saved Jasmina Halsey - think "Dragons Egg"... well the creatures in space could also be a reference to the Eldila of CS Lewis.
Last edited: Nov 26, 2024
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and Rochester