Rochester
Nov 26, 2024
#35,418
simulacrae said:
Another Fairytale

In the early history of Cemiess there was a statue - of the 5 furies, although some say it was of Cerberus... It is rumored that this statue stood at the entrance to a well known establishment located at 666 Saltimbanque, the Maison du Chien. The proceeds of this establishment went towards the proprietors scientific pursuits into cloning and "self-knowledge". It has been suggested by certain detractors of the family that they had some hand in the mysterious plague that ended O'Brien's War. It is known that the early settlers of Lave were from the Empire... Research applications have been sent to both Lave and Cemiess in the hopes of identifying any potential family links to the Waldens...

On Achenar 6d there was alien life found... the Mudlarks. They were described as a sentient species but no evidence of them exists other than tales... This is suspect - either they didn't exist or possibly Veils Hypothesis is right, and the aboriginal species had the ability to change their shapes... blend in...
This has potential to shed a different light on the Lords of Restoration conspiracy and the subsequent abduction of the Emperor during that period. Genetic testing is suggested...

It bares mentioning that the Far God cult indicated that Thargoids are "among us" and thus we could also be facing a White Fountain Event if the "Far God" is more than just a god - but a stellar phenomenon... Possibly a White Hole?

Click to expand...

Personally I think this is just narrative flavouring, they are among us yes, as in the Thargoids have been in this galaxy long before us, and have been active in the bubble. The Far God approaching could be literal, in relation to the Mealstroms?

I think the Far God cult is I interpret linked to the origins of Micheal Brooke’s Space in between narrative, and we’re somewhere within the halfway act; humans awakening a long dead precursor god, then seemingly there is a battle. Likely between Guardians and Thargods.

Seeing as the Guardians are either dead or part of some AI construct (Raxxla?) I suspect we are now their replacement, seeing how we have the Guardian tech, technically that makes us that protagonist…

The goal of Brooke’s work was inconclusive, but it essentially revolved around a battle towards the gate of heaven…

Now in Milton’s Paradise Lost, Heavens gate was not in Paradise (Eden), it was in the Eastern wall of the Empyrean (Heaven).

Eden hung below it…and maybe to the north?

It’s possible the Thargoids are not therefore after Raxxla, if we follow this logic? Or maybe they are?

Of note, my calculations of the Mealstroms would indicate they do have a focus’s point and that this is roughly in the correct location where I propose Raxxla might be, namely just outside the zone of Chaos, someplace towards the East and just below the Empyrean.

I don’t have enough data to corroborate this hypothesis, but it’s an educated guess.

Image below is a composite of various narrative links, surrounded by the Mealstroms. The large blue circles indicate the Thetis signal, which I suspect is key in identifying part of the location.



This next image is of those systems I’ve discovered to date, linked to the Yoruba theology, which I speculate is another locational marker, given that its higher / lower deities seem to a align and share some common axis along with all those other narrative systems…

I think we’re really close.



This hypothesis, if correct is somewhat disturbing because if accurate it might advocate Raxxla is a narrative goal.

If this is true logically we won’t be able to find it, as it would need to be narratively gated, which goes against common logic surrounding the codex, however we could speculate Raxxla is not actually ‘their’ true goal, but something else is, or it’s not actually linked but FD has only utilised the architecture to weave the story and hasn’t expected us to uncover this…that this much wasn’t outlined in Brooke’s story, it only ever (so we’re told) was a rough draft.

I think then if FD has narratively gated Raxxla, we have the advantage because we know their playground and could speculate where it might resolve which could make it more difficult for them, or force their hand however, such logic is flawed and overblown so it’s more logical it not gated and Raxxla is not the objective to the story.

I therefore could speculate if not the narrative objective, Raxxla is a cornerstone to understanding this wider concept of Brookes.

In game the Guardian history paints us one side of the story, it’s possible Raxxla provides us the other, or I speculate, the truth. Namely the Thargoids are the precursors and we and the Guardians interlopers, the architecture in the bubble is a physical manifestation of that origin story, a battlefield as Brookes described it.

Raxxla may simply be a state of cosmic enlightenment, a mechanism hidden in a hand crafted, albeit unremarkable system, the purpose to visualise this architecture and the origins of The Space in between?
Last edited: Nov 28, 2024