Eruptor218
Dec 17, 2018
#4,587
CMDRGURU951 said:
Back On Topic. Sorry for text wall. It was some work.
This is what myself and a few others came up with. I see we are not alone on some of our ideas.
Based on the emphasis on the word "To...." in the toast the DW toast is likely a roadmap. Roadmap to what? Who knows?
"To the Jewel that burns on the brow of the Mother of Galaxies"
The Star In Cassiopeia's (Mother of Princess Andromeda) Brow is Zeta Cassiopeia and that is the believed starting point. This would be fitting given the meaning of Zeta Cass has been defined as a by-path or auxillary road.

"To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void!"
From Zeta Cass one of the first things that sticks out is the burning bright NGC 7822 with its beautiful jewel like string of Class O's, but this could be easily missed if this line of the toast was not included. But this line draws your attention toward the rift. Take a look at Zeta Cass for yourself.
Formadine Rift Alpha Settlement
Expedition Log
"I'm scared... help me someone... I can't bear another jump. The lights in witch-space are coming for me. The lights... always the lights... they're calling to me... a siren song... I must join them..."

At this point the next step is to physically move to the next clue location, NGC 7822. Becuase if you stick around Zeta Cass, you will feel empty handed.

From here we move to the book Astrophel and Stella. We're under the impression that Princess Astrophel and The Spiraling Stars is a reference to the irl book Astrophel and Stella.
From here it's time to move to the Sonnets in the book. I feel that the whole book of sonnets is too much, and the more likely and easier to decipher piece of material is the on the book, which lists only 4 sonnets.

Sonnet 1 appears to show you the struggles of being a truth seeker when it starts with the 3 words, "Loving in truth." But it does not appear to be much more than that.
The next one in the list is Sonnet 9. Which will assist us in our next clue from the toast.

"The parents grief, the lover's woe and the yearning of our vagabond hearts."- At this point these lines may not make sense, so we will refer back the sonnets. It seems to be a jumping back and forth from the toast to the Sonnets.

Sonnet 9 appears to be describing a physical location. We believe this to be NGC 7822.
"Queen Vertues court, some call Stellas face"- is believed to be the face of the NGC 7822 Nebula, like the face of a mountain.

"Prepar'd by Natures chiefest furniture"- is describing a place with the highest grade materials used in its construction.

"Hath his front built of Alabaster pure"- These are likely the bright white Class O's that string across the nebula.

"Gold is the covering of that stately place
The doore by which sometimes comes forth her Grace"- we haven't deciphered this.

"Red Porphir is, which locke of pearl makes sure"- Porphir is a red rock, which the nebula has many many of, as well as what could be deemed Pearls, Class O's.

"Whose porches rich (which name of cheeks endure)"- I can only say that Cheeks endure is a reference to something or someone who is talked about for a long time, generations perhaps.

"Marble mixt red and white do enterlace."- This would be a fitting description for NGC 7822 (And many other nebulas) as both are the prominent colors.

"The windowes now through which this heav'nly guest
Looks over the world, and can find nothing such,
Which dare claime from those lights the name of best."- To many, self included, this is one of, if not the most beautiful nebula and these lines seem to be a confirmation of being in the right place.

"Of touch they are that without touch doth touch"- We believe that this is the Heart and Soul Nebulas.
My heart and my soul may never touch, but they are always touching. They are mutually inclusive. This would give the running joke "Raxxla's inside of your heart" some context.
If you've explored the pearl-like Class O's of NGC 7822 you will find the tourist beacon "Cupids Arrow" in Class-O system, S171 34.
Which leads us to our next clue. The beacons message says "The beautiful NGC 7822 nebula is pierced by a line of O-stars- therefore it has been compared to Cupid's arrow piercing a heart."

At this point we need to direct our attention to the last line of sonnet 9 for confirmation that we're on the right trail,
"Which Cupids selfe from Beauties myne did draw:
Of touch they are, and poore I am their straw."- Seems to be the Cupid reference we were looking for.

From here we move to the next sonnet in the series, #19.
"On Cupid's bow how are my heartstrings bent,
That see my wrack, and yet embrace the same?"- When aligned properly the Class O-s of NGC 7822 align perfectly with Andromeda/Formadine Rift in one direction, and Bubble/Polaris in the opposite direction. We assume we are to be looking toward Andromeda and not the bubble at this point. NGC 281 Nebula is in line with the arrow from NGC 7822 to Andromeda, but we have searched every system in NGC 281 and found nothing.
But turning up nothing may be a good thing, it may be a confirmation of sorts that we need at this point as it affirms the next line.

"When most I glory, then I feel most shame:
I willing run, yet while I run, repent.
My best wits still their own disgrace invent"- This seems to be a sense of frustration with our lack of answers and for repeated failures. For me personally, we chose to follow the path of the "Arrow" rather than to heart nebula and we came up empty handed, frustrated.

"My very ink turns straight to Stella's name"- We have not figured this out. Stellas name is Greek for Star, but how does it apply? Assuming what we are looking for is in this direction.

"And yet my words, as them my pen doth frame,
Avise themselves that they are vainly spent.
For though she pass all things, yet what is all
That unto me, who fare like him that both
Looks to the skies and in a ditch doth fall?"- We haven't deciphered this. Seems to be some inner questioning and personal doubts. Likely how you're feeling if you've been at this for a while.

"Oh let me prop my mind, yet in his growth,
And not in Nature, for best fruits unfit:
"Scholar," saith Love, "bend hitherward your wit."- This one's important because if you went with the literal direction of the "arrow" than you will likely arrive at NGC 281, but arrows don't stay in a permanent line, they fall and the flight path bends, as should your wit. Heart and Soul Nebula are not in perfect line with the "arrow" but they are close and in the same general direction.
If you've ended up in the Heart Nebula you may want to take a break and turn in some data at the Farsight Expedition Base in Heart Sector IR-V b2-0.
Pay sharp attention to the Listening Post in the system and go read about the Memorial to Fluk.

The next Sonnet, #20, is a clear description of being ambushed. We assume that whatever it is we are to find is likely going to try to stop us when it's discovered. So lets get back to the DW toast.

The last lines of the Toast go like this.
"The Parents grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts."- If you've scanned the listening post you will have read about what appears to be the grief of the death of a family dog, Fluk.
At this point our team is assuming that the story of Fluk the family dog is "The Parents Grief" and a sign like the Cupids Arrow beacon, letting us know that we are on the right track.
We have not deciphered "the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts." as this point but are hopeful that an answer will come up.

An interesting factor in the story is in regards to several abandoned settlements that have stated their course took them through the Heart and Soul. Those settlements all experienced equipment failure.
FORMIDINE RIFT DELTA MISSION 2/6
Expedition Log:

“It’s pretty out here. We’ve seen a gorgeous double nebula called the Heart and Soul. You should see it, lots of bright blue stars nearby, wish we could divert to have a closer look, but our mission is beyond apparently. Really brings back how big the galaxy is. Makes you feel real small and insignificant.”

And that's where we're at...
o7

Edited AfterThought-[Come To think Of It. Fluk closely resembles the word Fluke, meaning luck or random chance. This could be for good reason. Maybe the message is saying, "Next clue's in here and it's random chance you'll find it. Good Luck"]

This was an extremely interesting read, I personally think you’re onto something.
Reactions:
CMDRGURU951 and Rochester