Thatchinho
Dec 6, 2019
#13,834
Machina Ergo Sum said:
Points 2, 3, 4 and 7 are almost the same.
Quite. And they all sound like FR things that are commonly misstated as being about Raxxla. So direct sources for those points with regard to Raxxla would be good to have.

Machina Ergo Sum said:
MB said "It's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves"
You know when you see people talking about their journey from being unhealthy to healthy, that they're not talking about an actual voyage yeah? That a journey of self discovery does not necessarily mean a voyage? So on and so forth? The people who say that stuff in a non-voyage sense aren't being deceptive or disingenuous.

(For the avoidance of doubt, I'm in no way implying that you don't know that stuff. The point being made is to question why a common metaphor is being treated as an unquestionable literal statement in this particular circumstance.)


Machina Ergo Sum said:
Now you are just being pedantic.
Pedantry is necessary and important sometimes. Like for example, the difference between inferred and implied is pretty important. Pedantry can also stop the spread of misinformation.

Machina Ergo Sum said:
In any normal conversation, if MB had said the exact words he said to you in the interview face to face, you will just take it that it is accessible.
Well you might. I wouldn't. And others wouldn't necessarily either. Why would I/they? And for that matter, why would you? It's a pre-prepared answer to a question that was sent in advance of the discussion. I can see MB's face and the look on it in the video, just as I would be able to if it was face to face. Why would it be treated differently if it was face to face?

Personally I'd also be taking into account the little bit beforehand where DJ says that the fact that MB is going to talk about the first question astounds him, and that they'd put it in as a joke, and then MB laughs and says: "yeah, you're assuming you're going to get a sensible answer."

Machina Ergo Sum said:
This is implied no matter how you try to spin it.

1. You know its in the Milky way.
2. You know its a journey.
3. You know it has to be soloed.
4. You know its travel-able if that's a word at that point in time.
1. Is directly stated, not implied, but is still open to interpretation.
2. Depends on what you mean when you say journey.
3. Is inferral on your part.
4. Is also inferral on your part but appears to be an inferral built on an inferral.

So who is it that's trying to spin things here?

Machina Ergo Sum said:
If you think the opposite (for e.g. its not travel-able at that point in time), that MB is being deceptive or disingenuous, then the search is over for you. Why bother?
So that's what you're setting out as the only two options is it? Your interpretation is correct, and if not the only alternative is what you've just said? Nah mate.

Machina Ergo Sum said:
Point 5. Is the only point I don't agree with.
Cool. So presumably then with regard to the statement that was made that "The above is not in question unless you don't believe fdev " we're both in agreement that it actually is in question, and it's not a matter of not believing FD, and what we're actually talking about is the degree to which it is in question. Excellent, we're getting somewhere!

Machina Ergo Sum said:
Point 7. So what is exactly the problem you have with this? That its in the game since the beginning? Or is it just whether its in the game or not? If its the latter, then refer back to the above quote. Again its just pedantic. So what if it wasn't in the "beginning". Then you'd just have to account for Horizons expansion and its implications. Its definitely in the game now. And if you think otherwise, then why bother?
My problem is with the spread of disinformation and how the effects that has. This one goes around quite often as a direct result of people getting FR stuff mixed up with Raxxla. Let's have a genuine source for it and then we can all work off that.

If we don't have a genuine source for it, let's just be honest about it. If it's something that is being inferred from another verified statement then let's be honest about that too, be up front that it isn't definite, and that it's up for interpretation, and that we are working from certain assumptions. It's then completely up to everyone individually to make their own decisions about what interpretations and assumptions they want to make and how they want to proceed.
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, Jorki Rasalas, Korlod and 1 other person