Garand1987
G
Dec 6, 2019
#13,838
I think it’s likely to be close to or even in the bubble myself. You’d think if that were the case it would be found by now but one thing I’ve found out is that since I’ve changed my plotting to unvisited stars only, once you fly around for a while, there are actually still quite a number of systems inside and directly abutting the bubble that still aren’t mapped or fully mapped, and every now and then undiscovered entirely. Seems that since there’s a fixed number of ships and since there are popular spots to start from there’s also beaten paths that the plotting system uses most often. Turn off visited stars (unless going to one you’ve visited then just turn it off once the route is set) and you’d be surprised after a bit how much there still is that isn’t fully done yet.
I think TDW in SD was originally meant to be the true DW and that their missions would eventually lead to Raxxla. I say this because the missions were part of a reward for backers of the game and anyone who made Elite. They’ve since been removed with no explanation, which seems strange since it was part of the content promised to backers and they’ve been very adamant about keeping their other content for backers in the game. So why remove what you promised and people paid for?
I think it’s because FDev seems to only make content in extremes. Either there’s something they put in the game that’s a mystery to solve and they’re so damned vague about it that it’s not found for years, or they think they’re being clever and drop some hints but then are surprised when people figure it out in a day because their hints are basically just handing it to you on a platter. There’s no in between really.
I think they were probably surprised in the beginning how quickly people became allied with TDW and were burning through the special missions. They wanted Raxxla to be a big deal and they knew the tech in the game wasn’t ready to deliver on it yet so they shut it down before anyone got too close. Now that we have more in game capability since horizons and whatever comes next, they’ve replaced the original narrative with this new “The Real Dark Wheel”and Raxxla codex.
It is interesting, as someone else mentioned, that the rank decals for exploration are the only ones that don’t state what they’re for. But, also, I think it’s more interesting that when you scan a ship it reveals only their combat rank, and on your bottom panel where you see your SRV etc, it also only lists your combat rank as your pilot ranking. The game is Elite: Dangerous, a combat rank. The books mention Ryder and others by their combat ranking. It’s the only elite rank I don’t have but it’s also the one they’ve left to be the most of a grind. It’s the hardest of the three standard ranks to acquire Elite in still. And we know how FDev loves to put a grind wall between you and game content.
Reactions:
Rochester, BluWolve and [PS4] Filthymick420