Vetinari
V
Dec 6, 2019
#13,822
yelboc said:
Colour coded:
Verified with evidence in game
Strong evidence - balance of probability
Hints or inference - not verified
Untrue


1. it's in the milky way. - We have 2nd hand from Drew's report of the conversation with David Braben
- We only have inference for this, but multiple inferences.
We don't know this to be true - it could be in a permit locked system, but we don't know yet how to get the permit.
We only have inference and weak inference at that - it could be anywhere - we "don't know what it is" yet.
We don't know this at all - it could easily be the end game of the 10yr story arc - we have no way of knowing whats connected
As per (1) if its in the milky way then FD will know where it is
Again, we only have 2nd hand from Drew's report of the conversation with DB

Oh dear - no green lights. The OP is reliable if you are rigorous about your standards of proof. By the standards of a civil court, there is still something to chase, but we really dont have much evidence.

As far as :

Please provide evidence. There is much speculation about jump range of old ships, but this argument doesn't hold water - if you take what was available and allow decades for travel, then getting 10kly from the bubble is no problem. And as we 'don't know what it is' yet, then it could still be anywhere - knowledge of it and being at it could be different things.
Click to expand...

Think 1 & 2 sources are mixed up

1. Milky Way - was from MB interview with MJ
2. Its in the game - comes from DW account of his meeting with DB at the bar after an event (don't know if its elsewhere as well)

imo

5. I read it as just that it isn't going to be an in-game event/narrative that we will play at some point. Its just there and may or may not ever be found (I don't think Raxxla is DBs biggest priority at all with ED, hes had the game in his head since a child and Raxxla only came along at he last minute. ED is the game he wanted to build in 1984 but technology said no)
Reactions:
Thatchinho and [PS4] Filthymick420