SergMx
Mar 15, 2021
#22,021
Thatchinho said:
I think there’s a combo of hearing things 3rd and 4th hand, people getting the wrong end of the stick, and various language barriers that go on.

The mix up of the two AG’s is a classic example. One is definitely out and I’m pretty sure DB has said it explicitly. That IIRC correctly was said as a general rule/principle for the ED universe, and not just as a 'it's there but you can't write about it' restriction for the authors.

The other one, well, I’m not personally sure they’ve actually explicitly said that one is out in the same way.

It could certainly be argued that SC and wormholes involve a spacetime curvature that’s opposite to that which we experience as gravity, and is therefore anti-gravity.

On the other hand, humanity (at least publicly) in ED doesn’t have what anti-gravity tech classically is in sci-fi; something that provides a propellant-less thrust in the opposite direction to gravity (in a gravitational field).

It's very likely they told the authors to stay away from that type of anti-gravity, even if it's not a hard restriction on the ED universe, because it just opens up a huge can of worms for them if one of the authors were to feature it in their books when it doesn't feature otherwise in the ED universe.

Same principle for Time Travel - it's a huge can of worms. So even if it's not an absolute hard restriction on the ED universe, it would almost certainly nevertheless be a no-go topic.

Having said all that, I'm sure there must be a definitive version of the no-go topics somewhere.
Click to expand...
I always try to approach conclusions logically.
Here's a comparison between the Dark Wheel and the engineers. That can never happen!
As soon as someone finds it first, it's no longer a mystery and ALL will be there.
Remember the codex : you will be given tasks but you will not understand who gave it to you.
I hope you understand because of the translation.
Same with Raxxla, whatever it is, once someone finds it, they won't know if it's Raxxla or not otherwise it's no longer a mystery.

P.S. I played a lot of Elite1, Frontier, FFE and ED, but unfortunately didn't have much interest in history and knowledge. As I got older I became more and more interested in this particular topic and I realize how much more I still have to learn.

Why am I writing this? Now reading articles on this topic I found this:
https://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/5wm9st
Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/5wm9st/humanthargoid_possible_base_found/

https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/275351800494817280/285656724164313088/aMHFAC4.png

It reminds me very much of the coordinates from the picture of the galaxy from the Codex.
Last edited: Mar 15, 2021
Reactions:
TrillClinton and clavain