Jorki Rasalas
May 14, 2021
#23,245
Vetinari said:
My opinion only

First one - looks like a bug
Second one - ??????? pffff, hmmmm, well, but what? OK what did the text details say? There may be a tourist beacon called 'Choose your own adventure' maybe? Its too specific unless its a dev joke placeholder that got bugged through or something? Was there a system to go to in the text? Slightly baffled.



Ive speculated that if its not just fluff it might be connected to one of the books released. Salome is the closest I know of and thats nothing to do with it though. Would more likely be MB book but havent read it.

We know Salome story was put in game, do we know if any of the other authors got stuff added apart from the Stations? Maybe something in one of them is actually in game and still not found? Its a long shot I know.



Youre going to have to explain that one please, Im completely clueless what the connection is (may be obvious to everyone else so go easy on me )
Click to expand...
I’m not aware of any carry over from the books. Witch’s Reach was in one (Wanted), but cant be entered due to unknown permit lock-unless there’s a clue in the book how to get the permit??
One (Soontill etc, cant remember which book) had the hidden CIEP station where Garry was held captive.
Ought maybe to reread them all, especially OOTD which might be a candidate but I remember the antagonists’s base was located down in the atmosphere of a GG so maybe not.

But “Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars” has always stood out as being a little odd. I’ve pondered and astrophel can mean a failed star (phel in Hindi I think), which together with the spiralling stars might suggest either a WR star or a BH. The nearest WR is LAWD26B which is also very peculiar since it should not be there; IRL (& DB is supposed to be keen on scientific accuracy) it would be the brightest thing in the sky-Gamma Valorum is the nearest WR IRL and thats a naked eye star even at that range. So I thought LAWD 26B was a good candidate for the “jewel on the brow”, and then the “whisperer in witchspace” might be LAWD26A (white dwarf), but I then searched all the asteroid belts with no result.

So perhaps “Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars” is a coded clue??
Reactions:
Ravenl0ft, [PS4] Filthymick420, Crimson Echo and 3 others