Rochester
Apr 13, 2023
#29,895
There are more than 3 interwoven myths linked to Delphi; all merging into one another, not surprising due to its considerable age and political/cultural importance.

Delphi can be derived from Delphine or Drakania, potentially the mother of the serpent Typhon, Delphine was a she dragon slain by Apollo at the spring of the oracle. The same site is mentioned in many other myths and hymns, it’s also referenced a lot Arcadian prose.

Some accounts rename her as a male dragon Pytho. But all attest she was killed by Apollo, one such line states her rotting corpse mixed with the spring of Parnassus, the rotting vapours drifting up through a rift that was directly under the oracle.

The spring is based on a very real topographic rift in that region and some archaeology identifies it likely did run directly under the seat of the oracle.

Delphyne - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

The Oracle of Delphi—Was She Really Stoned?
The Temple of Apollo sat directly above fault lines that likely released intoxicating carbon-based gases into the adyton. Was this the Oracle of Delphi's secret?
www.biblicalarchaeology.org

Although Delphi and Delphinus (Dolphin) sound similar they’re not necessarily connected.

The link likely arises from the association Delphinus with Apollo as Delphinios, when he sprang from the sea as a dolphin and guided sailors towards the island where Delphi resided, initially a site dedicated to the Earth mother, guarded by a dragon, and told them afterwards to name it after him. A clear evidence of invasion of a female based cult with another male based political structure…

Man & Marine Mammals - Dolphins In Ancient Mythology | A Whale Of A Business | FRONTLINE | PBS
www.pbs.org

Zeus' eagles, Apollo the Dolphin: Myths of the Delphi
Delphi the "Navel of the Earth" was a place of great religious significance, with its famous oracle at the center of many myths and legends.
www.travel.gr

So maybe true, just depends on which mythical interpretation of history you side with, dragons are more fun, in my opinion and ED does have a lot of references to Dragons, especially certain small factions.

The dragon of Delphi is not a dolphin, it’s was a female dragon; Apollo used the form of a Dolphin to trick some sailors and invade and take over her power base, typical.

And M Brookes wrote a book about Sun Dragons, and his reference in ED Legacy identifies a children’s story that was about Space Dragons as well?
Last edited: Apr 14, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae and Jorki Rasalas