simulacrae
Apr 12, 2023
#29,881
Dox Paradox said:
Joke aside, it could very well be something canister sized which would have been transported by a TDW ship that crashed somewhere.
Maybe it is not THAT complicated to find, it is just HARD because it could be any crashed ship or rescue signal within or close to the Bubble.
When I scan planets, I hope for things that are a little bit out of the ordinary, I don't visit every POI and I guess most commanders do the same.
Maybe a log or a listening post exists somewhere that point to this particular site... We can only hope a clue exists somewhere!

I was going on the assumption that we might have to activate something - and instead of needing to collect a million fish to activate the magic machine involved in "raxxla" we might need a special artefact like the "omphalos rift" which like most omphaloi are large and heavy but probably would fit in a container... one othe reasons i am currently liking the "sampo" as a model for it.

Rochester said:
There is - to my knowledge no link historically between the deity Fortuna (wheel of fortune) and that of Delphi.

I agree Tyche/Fortuna does not appear to have been a major player in Delphi. I wouldnt say that the "Wheel of Fortune wasnt linked to Delphi historically though. The Wheel of Fate is tied to the Celestial wheel and has been an idea since the Babylonians at least. In Greek thought (Plato) it is tied to the idea of the world pillar - the pillar goes to the center... Delphi is tied to that idea in that it is declared to be the center - the omphalos, also having the oracle - the Pythia which claimed to give a view into mens fates. People came from far and wide to learn of their Fate from the Oracle at Delphi. It does appear that the personification of fate in Tyche/Fortuna came slowly through the greco-roman period and turned into the Medieval version that became so popular.

Basically im trying to say i think the “Wheel of Fate” is older than Lady Fortuna
Last edited: Apr 12, 2023
Reactions:
Rochester