Rochester
Feb 19, 2022
#25,373
*wall of subjective tin-foil text, I’ve had no sleep due to knee injury and wine…

Regards DB statement (first part is a word for word transcript). Even that is subjective; here is how I interpret that statement:

DB “does Raxxla exist…erm there’s an interesting one”

ED - laughs nervously.

DB “what a silly question. Of course….”

ED “I couldn’t have honestly actually probably erm, I could have probably told you the 4 questions that were going to come through ahead of time”

DB “yeah”

DB looks at ED “but you don’t know what it is though”

ED “yeah that’s true, that is it’s true”.

That in hindsight sounds like ED let a question slip the net, that he knew his boss wouldn’t like to have, so he was back tracking a little.

In other stream’s I’ve heard ED use the phrase ‘don’t shoot the messenger’ to DB in relation to livestream questions…

Take what you will from this. To me we could have the following:

DB confirmed it live on air Raxxla does exist.

DB was a little perturbed by the question being raised; why? Who knows. I don’t think he’s telling a falsehood, rather it’s a ‘tell’ that maybe Raxxla isn’t that big a deal, or not a big deal to him, so maybe he’s just annoyed it gets so much press?

The ‘Why’ is speculation, might just be because it’s not his IP, or that it doesn’t fall within their grand narrative?

Doesn’t really mean anything one way or the other, it’s speculation. However in my opinion he’s talking specifically about the order of the questions. Not that we don’t know what Raxxla is…it’s important because to misinterpret the statement generates false positives.

Eg you can’t tell what questions are going to come up in a live stream. Don’t worry about it…but don’t do it again

Try slowing the video down, the intent in dialogue presentation really comes through.

Source: https://youtu.be/-f7Zx7WUwF0

In regards to you’re hypothesis; I feel 2 is also likely.

If Drew’s statement about FD knowing why we haven’t found it and Ascorbius statement about someone maybe visited the system are true; that could support the hypothesis that it’s just out there, and someone honked and left, because that is a ‘known’ player behaviour.

Hence why FD know why it hasn’t been found.

Generally and I see this often players are methodical and will map entire systems, however not all. Some players may pick a point, travel straight there and ignore those route systems because their interest is with the end objective, or their time is valuable and they are in a rush (I know I’m guilty of doing this since launch).

It’s interesting because if it’s just out there why all the hub-bub about being a journey?

Maybe the older DW missions did point towards it… but were bugged so eventually removed. That could have been the narrative element referenced by MB.

It’s logical it would perturb DB if Raxxla was nought but an Easter egg…and a bugged element they had to later fix / alter. Just means it’s still out there and just needs to be found.

I think it’s likely honk and go would not detect it, or the practice stopped players properly interrogating a system. I feel it has to detected by close proximity.

I feel many of the elements MB utilised to place Raxxla are still in game, but these are arbitrary references, such as star names and there relevant placement…maybe these all related to his ‘unpublished’ book and some of his general interests… I also held a sneaking suspicion that said book publication was tied to the discovery…

All this may just be irrelevant because following the DW missions being binned there was silence; then the Codex.

To me the Codex is a number of things.
It’s patches over historical lore which has been removed, it patches over the removed DW missions. It sets up potential future narrative or it just says… forget about all that stuff we said… just go out and find it…

But then we have AT statements about a ‘pay off’… that could mean it’s a narrative ‘reveal’… or it’s still just ‘an Easter egg’ and is something which is just cool or interesting…but FD are still just a little annoyed about…because it’s not their IP?

Raxxla is a really interesting question. Because it really isn’t promoted by FD to entice players. Why hasn’t FD exploited it more!

It’s been several years and still it’s not been found; if it was meant to be found and is something amazing, why hasn’t FD exploited this more?

They haven’t. And I suspect it was just a small Easter egg, which has grown in myth and expectation by players, not FD design.

Maybe it is in a locked system. Players have accessed locked systems in the past, which were later fixed. Maybe it is ‘now’ narratively locked.

Maybe it’s in a permit area we can currently unlock and already have, but we just don’t see it, because it’s either SO obvious or still needs to be physically found by close proximity.

Or it’s just in some dull backwater system no one really cares about.

This why I feel confirmation as to if it’s ‘currently accessible’ is relevant. Simply saying ‘it exists’; ‘its in the galaxy’ or just ‘out there’ is a very thin confirmation which is open to speculation.

Last edited: Jun 28, 2022
Reactions:
dysonl