Rochester
Feb 19, 2022
#25,368
He ‘said’ he got his information from source; but no one else ever confirmed that ‘experience’; his reliability could be ascribed as higher due to him having his picture taken with DB; was invited to work with FD if that can accepted in some way, but still it doesn’t really mean much, it’s s leap of faith.

His reliability as a source is higher than the other, because the ‘thing’ he talked about not the ‘event’ was later confirmed. However Drew’s statement is not flat out concrete, historically how he described the event changed over time… that’s just memory… if you were to say the ‘event’ definitely happened because DW said it did and he’s a nice guy… well you just can’t… we were not there, and no one else has confirmed it.

His experience was never confirmed, as in David said ‘yup we had a pint, and I defo said that’… but that’s not what happened.

Drew’s statements only adds weight to DB, MB and AT who ‘might be’ trusted source. It only makes FD statements a little more reliable - but still not 100%. It is subjective.

The other source exists in a vacuum, no one else nor anyone from FD have ever said it’s ‘accessible’.

When FD do state it’s accessible, that sources reliability goes up too, but only if said confirmation is historical, just like Drew’s, still doesn’t make it 100% accurate, it only adds weight to the official or trusted source. Unless someone at FD said ‘yup that was me, I was there, had a pint and I defo said that’. Or if more 3rd parties come forward.

This is relationship mapping and case analysis to a degree…On its own any evidence cannot be truly trusted, but seen in comparison with others it can be weighed, to assess if something has a relationship or a location exists or an event happened. But all is totally subjective, it has to be viewed with scepticism and based upon each elements reliability score.

On this merit alone all the evidence for Raxxla is technically unreliable, it’s a thought exercise, so we have to score elements as trustworthy for it to hold a reliable relationship; if that evidence is unreliable - this all is hogwash.

That reality resides always, it can only be made resilient by other supporting information… but we ourselves must remain objective.

None of the evidence is reliable. In the end we cannot say for certain one thing or the other, only build an assessment based on the information provided and make recommendations, it is up to the player to decide if our assessment / recommendations are valid enough, they may not be; assumptions are the things we may not have reliable information for, but we have a degree of experience or informed knowledge to provide subjective insight, if there is insufficient information/reliability, it’s an intelligence gap, or an unknown.

Then there’s tin-foil…

Last edited: Feb 19, 2022