Merlin StWahgwaan
Feb 20, 2022
#25,379
New theory based on what happened to Jaques someone can test, but I don't have the time/corrosive cargo bays, and insurance rebuys to try this...


Raxxla exists/connects all of witchspace.
We travel 'thru' Raxxla when we jump.
(Also makes Raxxla a server-sided location/instance to join, not one "hosted" by a playing CMDR. i.e. wont be found while in an system by scanning/looking anywhere, but can be joined while jumping to another system if requirements are met)

Ok. So.

Take a ship, corrosive cargo bays, max out.
Fill up with Thargoid Links (maybe more/other Thargoid tech?)
Head out. Towards Begal Point, Colonia, anywhere in that general direction.

See what happens, the further out you get, the more likelihood?

Is this just a death sentence and pointless?
Or am I onto somthing?

(All of this could be done with cargo bays full of guardian blueprints for example as well)


Doing this, long range travel to far areas, with full up cargo bays of Thargoid/Guardian most secure items (blueprints have to be 'earned'/worked for, Links/Thargoid tech, have to be 'stolen' from Crashed Thargoids sites).

This could possibly cover the DW requirements for contact as well, for showing skill and daring.

Anyways, the idea is that traveling to far locations with large quantities of some alien tech in cargo, that at some point, you will "mis-jump", like Jaques, and be pulled/pushed into Raxxla (or the system it's within). OR the Dark Wheel might come out of nowhere in your travels and ask you to turn over the cargo in exchange for Membership.?


Ok. GO!

Edit: I realize this theory ignores any possibility for Raxxla being in the game in any meaningful way since launch, but yea. Just more looking to expand thoughts that might provoke other thoughts and theories more, as well as leaving open the possibility that Raxxla has actually been in game from day one, but the mechanisms to access/find it have changed with time, ie. Used to be the Shin Dez missions, but maybe they were too easy/difficult/bugged?? So they retconed them in favor of another way believed would be more....? ( i don't know what word to say there, lol, more exciting, more dramatic, more hidden, more discoverable... I dont know, lol)

Edit 2: I could/might even try to do it with a bunch of Guardian Blueprints on board
But also, this could be done, with even more likelihood of causing an event, by carrying both Blueprints and Links in high quantities thru long distance exploration/expeditions.

Edit 3: oops, lol, im tired.... Guardian Blueprints are Materials... but anyways.... lol
Last edited: Feb 20, 2022