Killerskullmk
K
Mar 23, 2023
#29,521
Rochester said:
We’re just assuming ’Astrophel’ (Phil) is a reference to Astrophel and Stella. It could likely just means ‘star lover’.

Then you have the context, ‘Princess Astrophel’ ergo female and of royal decent.

Astrophel is essentially a male alias constructed by Philip Sidney, he being the ‘star lover’ and Stella (Lady Penelope) being his love.

The confusion over phel / phil is not an issue of interpretation, it’s due to a typographical error when the poem was published, it’s generally accepted to be one word just spelt differently in different volumes. The context remains the same, it’s a male derived name.

The sonnets have been interpreted by many to be a numerical allusion to as the number of Penelopes suitors of which there were 108, is the same number of songs; the similarities to Lady Penelope and Homers Penelope, and remember, Odysseus returned home in disguise as a beggar, he essentially was a vagabond.

However, its also a rather saucy text, not applicable for younger readers. And John Milton was more to M Brookes liking, by all accounts Milton didn’t like Sidney much, but the two did have some family entanglement after Sidney’s death, particularly regards Mary Sidney who actually was a big deal at that time, more so than her brother….

In my opinion ‘Princess Astrophel’ is either a reference to the Odyssey or it’s a , as it’s a male prefix, Astrophel / Astrophil being a play on word for Phillip…

I suspect it’s actually a reference to ‘’ his little sister, for whom Sidney wrote her a children’s story… .

Mary, was also into astronomy as well as a whole host of other shenanigans including the occult, the occult at that time not actually being about the devil, but a homogeneous babble of various religions…

You might think ‘Stella’ is a deep prom full of depth, but by Jove, Arcadia is riddled with it… plus it has pirates and hidden treasure…and multiple references to Delphi…

But we’ve been here before; it’s possible it’s an allusion to something totally different or a red herring or it’s a reference to an

Keep digging O7
Click to expand...
I've been reading the excerpt from this commentary on the piece you brought up, I'm going to keep stuttering this to try to understand see if there's something we're not seeing.

Just maybe, stella can represent raxxla ? as the goal, the longing of Astrofel (us raxlla hunters)

So the jewel "To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies" could be raxxla,

The biggest challenge is to find a connection between Omphalos and history, a clue, a hint, between the lines between mythology and interpretation....
If there is anything in these sonnets it will be the real clue that the Codex says "as hints to those with eyes to see"
Reactions:
SergMx, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester