Louis Calvert
Dec 18, 2022
#28,507
Suhurrat said:
I have previously investigated the idea of connection with generation ships. Here it is necessary to immediately divide into the historical part and the conspiracy.

Historical part: officially, the events of the first elite took place, in the current elite, players have already found Jameson's ship. If we take into account the whole story, then we have inra and the club. Inra was developing mycoid weapons against the targoids, which Jameson later used on mothership.

We have the remains of Inra bases where weapons were developed.

Now to the conspiracy part: The club knew that the Targoids would return. And that's why they sent generation ships to various sectors of the galaxy.
However, 2 ships are out of the picture. This is Zurara who flew the furthest. And Thetis, who allegedly caught the signal.
To date, we as players do not know the full picture of these two ships. Even despite the logs, it is clear that there are missing pieces of the mosaic

Now to the interesting things: Inra was completely focused on contacts with the targoids. Here we have not only mycoid weapons, but also reverse engineering of hyperdrives and much more. I was most interested in a moment in the history of Inra related to research expeditions.

Now we have two super factions on the map: the Empire and the federation. In the early days there was still Galcop.

Galcop, together with inra, which was founded by the federation, launched expedition ships, as well as ships for targoids.

For example, Azimuth Biochem, which was also founded in the era before FSD, also actively participated in the study of targoids. Of course they had connections with Inra and Galcop.

One of these research ships that we know about is Adamstor. But we are not interested in the ship itself, but in its route - sol - bernards loop. Almost all the activity of galсop, inra, azimuth, is connected with the regions of the targoids and guardians.

Musca Dark Region
Witch Head Nebula
Pleiades Nebula
Horsehead region
Bernards loop region
Coalsack nebula region

Now, after the introduction to the story, we have a problem with two ships. I will remind that the events are smeared in time, plus we add the fact that these ships did not have modern FSD's.

This ship flew only 53.46 ly. If we count the distance from Sol to it.
The signal was found to have originated from an uninhabited planet that the Thetis had passed 15 lightyears earlier.
53-15 = 38 ly from sol.
First Gen ship was launched from sol in 2097.We know for sure that Thetis was sent between 2100 and 2200. Since the expedition ships program was abandoned in 2200, due to the discovery of hyperdrive. There are 3300 years in the game now. Accordingly, the spread is almost 1100-1200 years. During this time, not only the orbits could be swept away, but also any objects could disappear or appear on the map of the galaxy.
Therefore, it is absolutely useless to look for the source of the signal.
However. His path actually took place next to the systems that are also associated with the targoids in the first elite.
So either you can throw everything on mysticism, or the targoids are to blame again.

We have a lot of problems with Zurara. As we know, the ships of the expeditions flew to potential worlds that can be colonized. Zurara breaks out of this scheme, because it is almost impossible to find a suitable world in the Formidine Rift. There are cold stars. And life there is almost impossible because of the remoteness. It is also worth taking into account that the crew did not understand their tasks themselves and wondered why they were sent so far. Even despite the fact that the logs indicate the abandonment of beacons in the places of Earth-like worlds.

Even if we take into account that the ships of the expeditions were sent thousands of years ago. For Zurara, it was always a one-way ticket. The distance is too far. So the purpose of Zurara was not the search for worlds, but something else.

In fact, if you look from a logical point of view, the discovery of Zurara, as well as the events with Salome and so on, everything was a stage for the preparation of current events. That is, the arrival of the Targoids.

However, all these stories, the whole ent, sends us back to the time of Galcop and maybe even earlier. That is, in the very first days of space exploration. And the legend of raxxla appeared just somewhere in that time period.

Are generation ships connected to Raxxla? And yes and no. Yes, because Raxxla is associated with targoids and guardians. No - because the very purpose of the existence of these ships is different. However, as I noticed earlier, almost all events are somehow connected with aliens. Accordingly, if we want to find raxxla, we need to first understand all the events related to the guardians and targoids. And the ships of generations are included in this story. But they are not guiding points.
Click to expand...
Very interesting

I think some of the things you mention are separated by a significant gulf of time, I'm not sure if I misunderstood the connections you're making though?:
2097: The "Generation ships" like Thetis are ships sent from earth prior to the creation of FTL travel (and later concurrent with the earliest days).
2296: First mention of Raxxla.
2690s: Galcop formed
3111: Adamastor expedition dispatched to Barnard's Loop.
3150: INRA was a Federation-led project which officially disbanded after the first Thargoid war (approx. 3150s).
3170: The GSV Sarasvati (and the other Thunderchild stations) was a Galcop-funded project which was shut down in the 3170s. Galcop collapses around this time too.
3270s: The Zurara was part of the Dynasty project, privately funded (by the Club), part of the Exodus project. There were no other megaships in that project that we know of. It was a megaship, not a generation ship (intended for a year-long expedition only).
I do agree with the idea that the Zurara / Formidine Rift expedition may have had a greater purpose than only setting up the Exodus project.

Personally though I think the Dynasty / Exodus projects were obliquely related to Raxxla, but more in a political and background sense than a practical. For example, The Club does very cleanly match the idea of a 'sinister cabal controlling humanity' as suggested by the Raxxla Codex - and Drew Wager has said the Club was Braben's idea and was given to him to write into his books.

The Club has a lot of information, particularly about what they believe the Thargoids are doing, and why, and they are shown to have essentially ultra-classified information known only to a handful of people. We also know one of the Club is a major bigshot at Sirius (another contender for the 'sinister cabal' title).

I could well believe that The Club are involved with Raxxla somehow.
Reactions:
Suhurrat, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and John Stoutbeard