Suhurrat
S
Dec 18, 2022
#28,510
John [Panzertard] Stoutbeard said:
Great logic, I agree with your summary. But again that direction is as open-ended as all the other directions we can take regarding clues.
Have you been doing some poking & sniffing around out there, perhaps during the lore-tour? I've taken the trip, but I'm none the wiser.
Yes, I have arranged a huge number of expeditions. Thetis is really interesting, but not because of the signal, but because of the route. 38 light years is a lot. I screened out on the map all the systems that are now inhabited and checked those that are uninhabited.It didn't lead me anywhere, because most of the systems have been explored, and almost all the planets have a label that players landed there and walked there. That is, players who have the latest version of the game.

As for Zurara. This is a giant search region. In the rift it is very difficult to pave the way, as the wrong jump and you can get stuck without fuel. Since there may not be fuel stars around. It would be cool if someone with a capital ship would jump into that region and conduct a search. To be able to refuel smaller ships.

Musca Dark Region (Coalsack) - Adamstor was passing by system Musca Dark Region PJ-P B6-1, Which is very close to the nebula itself. I have not explored the nebula itself. But I'm going soon. It's not big, so you can manage it in a month or two.

Witch Head Nebula - There is Alliance base in Evangelis. So I was able to explore the region. I didn't find anything.
Pleiades Nebula - the studied region. Nothing extraordinary
Horsehead region - permit locked.
Bernards loop region - To big to explore.

Next to bernard loops we have Orion nebula and Flame Nebula.

They belong to the Trapezium Sector. Trapezium is also mentioned more than once in the Lore as a region associated with the targoids. There is also a crashed anaconda from a research expedition.

Also nearby is the Col 70 of the sector. Which are closed by permission. Col 70 are related to more modern stories about the targoids. Who got into galnet. Col 70 - Flyua - Synuefe - related to targoid - guardian events.

At the moment, I am interested in: Musca, Orion nebula, Barnards Loop. I will investigate them.
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian