Thatchinho
Apr 10, 2018
#2,174
CMDRGURU951 said:
Last night I decided to go as heavy on the tin-foil as I could manage.
I found myself headed to each star in Orion's Belt. The belt consists of three stars, Alnitak, Mintaka, and Alnilam.
Working off of the claim in TAW that the Oisir founded Egypt and that the pyramids were a part of the machine to create the gateway, this made me think of the link of the Great Pyramids and the Orions Belt connection. The Pyramids at Giza are claimed to be the physical representation of Orions Belt. Three pyramids, three stars, in mathematical harmony. This is called the Orion Correlation Theory.
This also made me think of how easy it is to gain ally status with Sirius by using Explorer data over say doing bounties or trade. Sirius likes explorer data. Can this be tied together?

Alnitak and Mintaka are very close to one another and Alnilam is very far off set from the two, roughly 1300Ly if I recall. To get to Alnilam you have to go very far out of your way and back the way you came to get around Barnards Loop, which mysteriously sits in the center of the belt, permit locked and it appears that Thargoids live in there given the Col 70 Sector is also a part of that locked region.

Hmmmm, a giant set of nebulas explode out of space in the center of Orions Belt? There'r pyramids that're part of the machine to open portals and The pyramids are a physical representation of the Orions belt? You're saying aliens live in there?
Yes, Yes and Yes.
This should be dinging bells for people. The Egyptians and their connection to the stars is famous and something of legend. I don't think bells ding for people because many of us are mentally trying to work within IRL factors and ideas on limitations and possibilities.

At first you might be like
"You're going off the deep end bud, Slow it down. Things don't work like that."
And that would be true, if this was IRL.
But it's not. This is after all a game. A chance where the DEV's could've made the Pyramid mysteries a real thing. And we all know from the incredibly in-depth lengths the DEVs have gone to hide a message in this game. Never really hidden, just locked into incredibly detailed puzzles some of which the community have cracked.

The big problem is that, sadly, this is only within the context of the TAW story. Until some better idea comes along I will continue working on this within the context of TAW and TDW.
Thanks for listening.
o7
Just some info to feed in - Barnards Loop isn’t permit locked. No signs of Thargoids there. BL is within Col 70, as are quite a lot of other regions that aren’t locked.

To the best of my knowledge, the only known Thargoid signs within Col 70 are:

- The barnacles in the Witchhead
- The Thargoid fleet found near the borders in Premonition
- The system that the Thargoid Probe uses as a reference point

Some additional points:
- There’s also a Wreaken Construction shipyard in Col 70 in Premonition.
- We don’t actually know what the significance actually is of the system that the Thargoid Probe references