Han_Zen
Feb 17, 2020
#15,281
Jorki Rasalas said:
& @Filthmick420: I think neither the Holdstock novella nor AHTW are now canon, though I may be wrong.
I’m totally confused about what is canon nowadays! Perhaps the next update should be called “Elite Retconned”.

Though the Ryder link may be valid for the DW toast, it could be worth pursuing! However I think it is fairly clear from what the codex says, and the DB Gamereactor “story that embraces all the players" interview, that the DW invitation will be triggered by some set of Commander statistics on your “personal journey” through the game and cannot be found until then.
Except for some small details, all the ED books are canon. None of the fiction from the previous games are full canon.

The Gazetteer from Fe:2 is still the base line for Elite history. It has now been almost completely retold in ED, in Galnet, codex and tourist beacons.

The Dark Wheel holds a special position. It's not considered direct canon, but it is considered a legend in the ED Galaxy. The story is probably well known by NPCs like Lyta Crane and Ricardo Bentonio. Several of the people in The Dark Weel are definitely historical persons. One of them is probably still alive.

Before the release of ED, FD presented a writer's guide. This was an NDA covered description of the ED galaxy and history. To my understanding it was basically a cleaned up version of the history from Fe:2 and FFE. The basics were kept, while some elements were totally removed. The federal android population and the clone population of the empire, were the most significant removals. Lots of smaller stuff were discontinued as well.

The so called 'retcon' came when FD decided to change some of the back story that was presented in the writes guide. This means that some details in two of the ED books are no longer canon. From what I have heard, the books are And Here the Wheel and Out of the Darkness.
Because of the NDA, it has never been confirmed what the retcon was really about. I am however pretty sure it's all about the delivery of Mycoid antidote to the Thargoids and the following diplomatic interaction between the Alliance and the Thargoids.
These events seem to have been in the original writer's guide and were later removed.

The changes in the retcon has absolutely no impact on Raxxla. Raxxla was 100% off limits for the writes. The had no information, just like us.

I would not be worried about finding clues in old 'non canon' Elite fiction. The codex practically says that clues may be hidden in a fictional story. Personally I don't have any faith in the Oolite stuff, but that's just my opinion.

If you find something you think might be a clue, go chase it. Non canon is probably better than canon anyway. MB is the only writer that could put a clue in, if he wanted.
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, [PS4] Filthymick420, Crimson Echo and 4 others