Cunder
C
Feb 17, 2020
#15,290
Thatchinho said:
A lot of us played the previous games, but in ED, we're not Jameson, we're not a Ryder or anything like that, we're all just some random independent pilot.

Personally I believe it goes deeper then we are just some sort of "Independent pilots". I feel like where more than that and I been trying to piece that all together based on the info we have now.

For instance on the codex of The Dark Wheel it speaks of a theory about how it selects based on linage and training their children. Which ultimately means they ( TDW) is based on bloodline, if you walk into the stories other then normal birthing. You don't have to look no further but to Salome, Octavia, the spiky hair woman, they're all generally clones of a Dark Wheel member. Though it is illegal in government like the Feds, I concluded TDW use this type of process to keep up in numbers. Elite: Lave Revolution explain the bits of the cloning process about how clones are not naturally exact copies in appearance. They are different in person compared the original donor only thing they share is genetic trademarks like DNA. Again Elite: Premonitions talk about this and Salome had a hard time processing this information when she found out. Luko didn't know how far deep it goes only that he knew of the cloning.

Now the part of the codex that explains further about how some member of the dark wheel went to great lengths be sure their children are never involved due to the fact the secret's The Dark Wheel have are dangerous. Which could mean abandoning the child, through foster care, leaving them at a door step, ect.

Then follow up which leads us to the Players Guide book of our anonymous benefactor and "friend" handing us money and a sidewinder. We are given a trial of sorts, and to blaze our own trail. But while doing that also to impress the secret organization they work for. To take up golden opportunities that come along because for all we know it could be the one job that gets us into that organization. We just gotta pull off almost impossible odds sort to speak.

So this has been my interpretation of who we are. I feel like we aren't just some random people we are people with significance to a cause for some odd reason we unknowingly belong too.
Last edited: Feb 17, 2020
Reactions:
Ren Solsen, Machina Ergo Sum, [PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99 and 3 others