Thatchinho
Feb 17, 2020
#15,286
Han_Zen said:
Except for some small details, all the ED books are canon. None of the fiction from the previous games are full canon.

The Gazetteer from Fe:2 is still the base line for Elite history. It has now been almost completely retold in ED, in Galnet, codex and tourist beacons.

The Dark Wheel holds a special position. It's not considered direct canon, but it is considered a legend in the ED Galaxy. The story is probably well known by NPCs like Lyta Crane and Ricardo Bentonio. Several of the people in The Dark Weel are definitely historical persons. One of them is probably still alive.

Before the release of ED, FD presented a writer's guide. This was an NDA covered description of the ED galaxy and history. To my understanding it was basically a cleaned up version of the history from Fe:2 and FFE. The basics were kept, while some elements were totally removed. The federal android population and the clone population of the empire, were the most significant removals. Lots of smaller stuff were discontinued as well.

The so called 'retcon' came when FD decided to change some of the back story that was presented in the writes guide. This means that some details in two of the ED books are no longer canon. From what I have heard, the books are And Here the Wheel and Out of the Darkness.
Because of the NDA, it has never been confirmed what the retcon was really about. I am however pretty sure it's all about the delivery of Mycoid antidote to the Thargoids and the following diplomatic interaction between the Alliance and the Thargoids.
These events seem to have been in the original writer's guide and were later removed.

The changes in the retcon has absolutely no impact on Raxxla. Raxxla was 100% off limits for the writes. The had no information, just like us.

I would not be worried about finding clues in old 'non canon' Elite fiction. The codex practically says that clues may be hidden in a fictional story. Personally I don't have any faith in the Oolite stuff, but that's just my opinion.

If you find something you think might be a clue, go chase it. Non canon is probably better than canon anyway. MB is the only writer that could put a clue in, if he wanted.
Click to expand...
Hmm, I don't think OotD and AHTW are no longer canon. From what I recall, the stuff that people think has changed was never full canon in those books anyway and was only ever the 'a character said x' type of canon. Having said that there's quite a bit of minor stuff which changed, but most of that was between the time of writing and the time of release of the game, not a subsequent retcon.

There's a few bits which have never really surfaced since which are interesting though, such as the common use of brain implants (the mind-machine interface type). That for me is an interesting one given the potential mechanism it provides for Halsey's visions etc. They're supposed to be unhackable, but then the Gan Romero story features unhackable stuff being hacked.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Machina Ergo Sum, John Stoutbeard and 1 other person