CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Aug 25, 2023
#31,382
Jorki Rasalas said:
Mmm, I see where you're coming from...
But if Raxxla isn't the destination, but just the location of the Rift which takes us to the destination, then how will we know when we find it? It cannot be named “Raxxla” in-game as per the previous file-dipping argument. Unless it’s a moon with a tourist beacon saying “this is Raxxla”... doesn't sound likely to me.

We have no evidence that Holdstock’s book influenced the implementation of Raxxla in-game; in fact DB said we don’t know what Raxxla is, but Holdstock told us, ergo it cannot be implemented as per Holdstock.

Gotta disagree with you on the veracity of stories though...a story is a story...it’s age has no logical link to its veracity. In fact it could be argued that more evidence would lead to later stories being closer to the truth. It’s not a sound basis for reasoning.
Where to start? You are making an argument that isn't even internally consistent with modern or old lore. Not that either would save this from the flaws...

Sol has always been central to Elite. Without Sol, Achenar never happens. Of course the Raxxla mythos is based on Holdstock. That is literally the weirdest argument I've ever heard re: Raxxla. You literally have zero foundation otherwise.

Pick one: the old lore is relevant or its' not. Just know, the preponderance of evidence is solidly for a Holdstockian-basis of the Raxxla mythos.

‘One thing’s for sure,’ Rafe went on drily. ‘Unless you get there, unless you become Elite, you’ll never get to Raxxla. And you’ll never know exactly what your father was searching for.’

‘I don’t understand.’

‘Were you aware of his involvement in The Dark Wheel?’

Shock after shock! The Dark Wheel was a semi-legendary space unit, star-riders who made it their business to seek the truth behind the plethora of myths and romantic stories that filtered back from all corners of the Universe: fabulous cities, parallel worlds, time travellers, even planets that appeared to be the old ‘heaven’ of Earth legend. The Dark Wheel was as mysterious and as mythical to the traders of the Galaxy as King Arthur might have been to the first spacemen.

‘It’s not possible,’ Alex breathed. ‘He would have told us…’

You can officially hand in your Dark Wheel invitation received from Olympic Village, Mars. You have failed the test.

The Dark Wheel itself is linked to Sol. It was even in the damned invitation.



Where was the prototype of the first Hyperspace vessels developed? Sol.



What is the special thing that makes Lavian Brandy, good? Oak barrels from Earth, Sol.



I am so absolutely done with the separate universe camp. You don't deserve to find Raxxla.

Harsh, yes. Deserved? Absolutely.
Last edited: Aug 25, 2023