Louis Calvert
Jan 12, 2024
#32,959
Contemplating covert dominance, thinking out loud. Chime in if you have any ideas:

I still think an important key is figuring out this 'covert dominance'. Assuming these parts of the myth are true and someone(s) already found Raxxla:
Raxxla also plays a role in several conspiracy theories, most of which attest that it has already been discovered by some kind of sinister cabal (or sole tyrant), which has leveraged its power to establish covert dominance over humanity.
'Because there are people on Raxxla already. This is only a guess, mind you, but from what happened to Jason I'd say it was close to being right. We've long suspected that a corps of Elites lives there, and are exploiting the gateway. They're powerful, twisted men. Powerful enough to hire an assassin to kill the threat to their dominance.'

My assumption is that these people (person) already know the 'path' to Raxxla so they can obviously guard it. I assume Jason Ryder was killed because he set foot (metaphorically) on that path directly - as in, he definitely had found something, rather than the many who are hunting and haven't found anything.

How long has this covert dominance been happening?
Part of the issue is knowing when this group or individual started to leverage Raxxla. If we assume TDW is semi-factual (in that Jason was assassinated for getting too close), then we know this covert domination has been in place for at least 2-300-ish years? at least (could have been much, much longer).

However, until 2800 there wasn't really private ship ownership in the way we understand it now, and of course hyperdrive was more limited. So prior to that the opportunities for people to find Raxxla significantly reduce the further back in time you go, by pure function of fewer ships, costing more, travelling less.

Covert?
Of course, "covert" is the real kicker here. If it's truly covert, how would we know at all? We know there are several candidate groups. Certainly they all leverage extreme power, but the most powerful seem fairly benign (PF, UC, The Club) and the ones that are less benign seem far less covert (Feds/Imps/Sirius/Salvation, etc.).

And consider that for anyone or any group to dominate humanity, they'd have to control all the other folks that want to do the same. So, to truly dominate humanity you'd have to influence all three superpowers, Sirius, the Kumo crew, the Utopians, the Dredger Clans, Colonia, all the independent factions and pilots (like us), all at the same time, and do it all without being found out by the masses.

What could Raxxla possibly offer that could leverage power over the diverse factions of humanity?

Maybe the myth is exaggerated?

Why dominate at all?
I've also been wondering why? Why dominate humanity? What's the purpose of that?
To make money? - how much and for whom? Why covertly then? Why not start a corporation like Sirius if wealth is the goal?
Ideology? - believing that they can lead humanity to a better future? We don't see any specific leaning towards any particular ideology in 3310 though? Except maybe war...
Protection? - believing that humanity needs to be protected from something? Or something needs protecting from us?
...Raxxla is actually bad?:
Thinking about this has made me lean much more towards the idea that Raxxla is extremely dangerous, and some other group is trying to protect us from it. Given that the Thargoids are already here, and we're very handily defeating them at every turn, it seems unlikely to me that the Thargoids are this danger.

This made me think about the idea that maybe the 'Siren of the deepest Void' is a trap (as the name suggests); Although Raxxla is an amazing treasure with massive potential, it's also incredibly dangerous and whoever found it first realised that it could entirely destroy humanity, so they have to protect it and stop others finding it. This I feel fits with the Lovecraftian themes that Brookes liked too.

I can see how "covert dominance" is necessary in order to fulfil this goal, and maybe to help guide humanity to become strong enough to defeat whatever it is (like the God-Emperor of Dune's Golden Path).

I like the idea that something is calling for us to find Raxxla, and something/someone else is trying to stop us falling into the trap. There's some delicious irony that they can't just tell us to steer clear of it either, since humanity would absolutely ignore such a warning and fall into the trap anyway.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Shadowsnog, selbie and 5 others