Han_Zen
Jan 9, 2024
#32,944
Louis Calvert said:
I'm still pretty sure "Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars" is an allusion to The Dark Wheel novella.

There are several significant similarities, virtually word-for-word between the descriptions of Raxxla in TDW novella and the Raxxla Codex.

Specifically this section:

and this section:

And we're told:


This thread is evidence that Raxxla seekers insist that Robert Holdstock has cunningly concealed facts about Raxxla in his book(s) as hints for those with eyes to see.

The name of the book itself be a clue, but I suspect is an allusion to the Edmund Spencer poem, which is a tribute to Philip Sidney. Much as Raxxla in Elite is a tribute to Robert Holdstock.
Click to expand...
It is plausible that "Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars" is an allusion to The Dark Wheel novella.
TDW is the only book we have that say anything noteworthy about Raxxla. If Princess Astrophel and the spiralling stars have hidden clues, so could TDW.
Rafe Zetter is the character that tells us about Raxxla. He says: "It’s a ghost world. A planet."

Interpreting that as literally as possible. Raxxla is a planet in the constellation of Ghost.

Ghost is a Chinese constellation consisting of four stars, in the western constellation of Cancer. The stars are: Theta Cancri, Eta Cancri, Gamma Cancri and Delta Cancri. In ED these are known as: 31 Theta Cancri, Eta Cancri, Asellus Borealis and Asellus Australis.

Ghost are the four stars that form box around M44


There could be something in one of those four systems? Eta Cancri is also known as 33 Cancri, if we want to count dots in the Raxxla logo.

The name Ghost actually refers to the diffuse dot in the box that is M44 or the Beehive cluster (NGC 2632 in ED). This is perhaps a more likely candidate area?
Beehive Cluster - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

Beehives and omphalos are very closely related.
Years ago I wrote a long post on bees in ED: https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/page-276#post-7383581

There is also 42 Cancri in this cluster. The answer is always 42, isn't it?

Edit: As you can see the Ghost compilation is right on the ecliptic, putting it in the orbital plane of earth.
Last edited: Jan 9, 2024
Reactions:
Comandante, CMDR Davanix, Adel and 4 others