Rochester
Nov 14, 2022
#27,881
Louis Calvert said:
Looks like we arrived at the same place, more or less, using the same references. Where did this go? What did you end up trying? Why aren't you at Raxxla now? What stopped you? Where did the trail dead end?
We (I) never found anything, primarily because some other shiny thing caught my attention and I got distracted, by the Tau Ceti reference and Donars Oak issue which took me on the Yggdrasil goose chase trying to bring more relevance to the Sol theory.

Again the pictorial element of the Raxxla logo is perplexing, as it has a number of very solid interpretations; Sol and something hidden; Saturn and an omphalos hidden, or Delphi and the tripod and something hidden.

*then the obvious 6 corners = 6 stages of the toast = 6 locations = triangulation?

Personal current favourite is the Delphi system idea, as it ties with the Tau Ceti reference (maybe the date is a red herring) and the logo makes sense - central dot and circle = omphalos, three prongs a tripod (oracle)… but still what does a hexagon relate to / describe?

Apart from Saturn none can provide an adequate explanation of the meaning behind the use of a hexagon. What could it relate to?

Can we breakdown other logos, do they all have a common language of description?

Currently no further along myself than before, I’m still at ‘Dangerous’ and not Elite (out of choice because I hate grind and want the rank to mean something) so it’s possible a lot of my actions are locked due to that. Currently PC is still mothballed, so only accessing ED via PS4 account for astronautic exploration purposes only.

Concerning Yggdrasil and @Pyroboros, I had not come across that reference before, but fail to see the relevance?, other than I like the phrase: “The name was chosen because Yggdrasil took disparate pieces of software and assembled them into a complete product”.

Back to the hexagon, it may just represent a star, or six points of reference or Saturn itself! Its anyones guess…

“In Rosicrucian and Hermetic Magic, the seven Traditional Planets correspond with the angles and the center of the Hexagram as follows, in the same patterns as they appear on the Sephiroth and on the Tree of Life. Saturn, although formally attributed to the Sephira of Binah, within this frame work nonetheless occupies the position of Daath.“

Hexagram - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org
Last edited: Nov 25, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert