Jorki Rasalas
Nov 14, 2022
#27,885
Louis Calvert said:
Looks like we arrived at the same place, more or less, using the same references. Where did this go? What did you end up trying? Why aren't you at Raxxla now? What stopped you? Where did the trail dead end?
Not sure who you’re asking, but if you’re asking me about my my “Raxxla in Sol” theory, it failed. I did extensive searches in Sol and found nothing, nada, nowt.

It’s not the only theory of mine that has failed- e.g. search for my post on “Paradise Lost”, which I thought was a good one at the time.

This is the nature of theorising. You start with a hypothesis or two that allows some predictions and lead to some supportive evidence, which then allows further predictions to test. Eventually all theories fail (i.e. some evidence comes to light which cannot be explained by the current theory) and are replaced, hopefully, by something better.

For example my current theory that David Braben’s love of astronomy is the key and that the Toast is discussing Gravitational Wave detection of Raxxla is the best to date because it coherently addresses most of the things we know. Of course that doesn’t make it “correct”, it just means it perhaps stands a better chance of being correct. Only finding Raxxla will determine which is the correct theory!

See https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_method.

@Louis Calvert : “I guess I'm saying that I think Delphi, Saturn, Sol, Tau Ceti, green glow, exploration into the void, and a lot more ideas are all actually maybe different angles on the same puzzle - not mutually exclusive.”...
Whoa there! You’re conflating a whole load of things there, that way lies space madness! We do not know that these things are linked in any way except for the fact that FD put them into the game. Probability is that they are not linked. Moreover some may be intentional red herrings. FD have put all manner of words/names into the game, using ancient mythologies, RL scientists and other notables, etc etc. This does not mean that they are significant in any way! It may have been a way to get a lot of names to use, it may have been a way to generate red herrings, it may have been both!

Are you referring there to the “green glow” that I detected and first reported while searching for asteroids in Sol? If you read all the posts about it you will find that we concluded it was a game-design graphics artefact due to the time that the colour palette takes to decay when you change views from the system map to out-the-cockpit view. It is a distraction but means nothing. It was observed in other systems by people who were helping me investigate it, so is a meaningless thing.

I think it would be extremely poor game design if ED only had one puzzle. In very broad terms there is-it’s the top level puzzle about a game set in 3301/3308 when humanity has expanded into the Milky Way after FTL travel was invented. Other than that it is enlivened by independent storylines, which may or may not be linked or cross-over. But viewing them as coherent is a road to space madness, you’ll end up finding meaning in textures of surfaces in the game...pareidolia!

Mmm, seems you’re already on that road.... “Mimas Conspiracy”??? To prove a conspiracy you have to prove that its omission was deliberate based on ulterior motivation, as a way of obfuscating something. IMHO starting wild rumours is not helpful in the Quest. Many RL things are omitted from the game, doesn’t imply any conspiracy. Where is Ceres? Why is LAWD 26 a Wolf Rayet? Why cant we land on the moon? You’ve triggered my sceptical streak...not a good feeling over breakfast.
Last edited: Nov 14, 2022