simulacrae
Oct 21, 2022
#27,475
Ive been playing around at looking at bits in the codex from the perspective of allusions to older sci-fi stories. among other things...

Things like "Siren of the Deepest Void" - Could on one hand relate to the Sirens from Holdstocks Alien world or the could also refer to the siren from The Void Captains Tale...

One that I found interesting was the term "Mother of Galaxies" is in the short story Testament of Andros by Blish... "St. Margaret is the patron saint of clocks and is called the Mother of Galaxies, because she was a mother - not like my mother, who is always shouting and sending me to bed too early - and mothers have milk and galaxy is Greek for milk." All the men narrating in this story seem to have a fixation of some sort on women named alternately Marguerita, St. Margaret, or Maggy....

Saint Margaret of Antioch appears to be a Saint associated with childbirth (nothing of clocks I could find) which might account for the Milk aspects... St. Margaret is also known for killing a Dragon (it becomes one of her symbols). And in general...the name Margaret is derived from the Greek word for Pearl.... The Pearl issue of course makes me think of the Oisr-Raxxla and the Saramandara Pearls

Looking back at Holdstocks Alien World... Tales from the Dark Wheel enacted by Narathunu entertainers.. These tell of heroes and heroines. of quests for hidden treasure... and Dragons... The description as a land of fantasy and Dragons framed in storytelling ... makes me think of plot types such as the God/Hero fighting the Dragon ~ Apollo vs Python / Indra vs Vitra etc.. Then there is the Damsel in Distress variant... Perseus and Andromeda. Asian Dragons are often associated with water and Pearls.. Naga... Nagamani....

There is also a bit of a theme with some of these stories - destruction of Sol

The Twisted Men - A scientist predicts a baby- nova of the sun. builds an ark space ship and sends people to Alpha Centauri... Turns out Earth got lucky and didnt get blown away. But that is how Alpha Centauri gets populated...

Sun Dragons - by Michael Brookes has scientists realizing that creatures are heading to earth and the sun feeding off the energy of the planets heading to the sun kind of like salmon to spawn. sending the earth into an ice-age... killing off majority of population...

The Testament of Andros - Starts with scientists predicting a SuperNova of the Sun.... the story ends with "My name is Man I will write my story if you wish. I was... Here the ashes blow away The voices die. "

maybe the Stargoids are going to be like the Sun Dragons... and the Thargoids were growing the Meta Alloys to feed them - but since we took all the Meta Alloys- the Stargoids will come to Earth and feed off of it. Or something like that
Reactions:
electro, Rochester and Han_Zen