Allen Stroud
Oct 20, 2022
#27,472
Emperor said:
Thanks for the valuable information....


Jorki has mentioned this in the thread previously but I was wondering if you're free to discuss or know why the Alien artefact was moved from Europa to Mars when put in game?




Student thesis: Doctoral Thesis

8. Extract from Federation Guidebook provided to all authors and Frontier Developments (expanded from Example 6 in Appendix A):
"Mars and the Artefact In 2280, the first non-human relic was found in space. The object, no bigger than a child’s hand was collected by an orbital probe around Europa and quickly brought back to Earth. No information has ever been circulated as to the properties of this item or its origin."
Click to expand...

If it was changed it was after I drafted the material, hence why the quote is the original draft. The draft documents I created were expansions from the Frontier Gazetteer.

Rochester said:
As a backer, this was always one of my personal favourite theories as it made sense in relation to FD original exploration mechanism plans. In that the galaxy map would only ever be partially mapped, with us Cmdrs filling in the blanks, as David iterated, exploration would take time and dark systems would effectively enable faster travel be establishing better transport routes, they would also hold the games mysteries.

However, it is evident that mechanism was never fleshed out, because exploration is so vanilla, misjumps are not in game, dark systems, are however in game but they now go by another name, these are effectively brown dwarfs, but it’s evident that because we can find them with ease, and that they populate the galaxy map, dark systems are no longer dark.

Drew mentioned this reference in one of his books, so I suspect the decision to drop dark systems was dropped close to launch, during the lore / book writing stages, I presume simply because FD ran out of time, or it effectively made the galaxy map look incomplete and a little insubstantial… shame this was probably one of the best mechanisms promoted and what got me to back the game.

Post in thread 'THE FORMIDINE RIFT MYSTERY (Part 4)'


I wonder if could be able to clarify.

The theory still has legs because we effectively have evidence of an early mechanism for hiding mysteries, ergo they would only be in dark systems, so if we can establish what exactly a dark system was, e.g. brown dwarfs, cold stars, dull systems, in theory if FD kept to this method we could effectively omit all other systems from our investigations… still leaves 99% of the galaxy though
Click to expand...

Sorry, I don't comment publicly on anything directly related to Drew Wagar. I have him blocked on all of my online profiles, etc. There are good reasons. They are well documented.
Last edited: Oct 20, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and Emperor