Han_Zen
Sep 3, 2019
#11,746
Six6VI said:
"If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration."
Nikola Tesla

Many Moons ago, in the time of Pythagoras and Plato there existed a system of learning called the "Seven Liberal Arts", in two distinct parts, the "Trivium" and the "Quadrivium". The former we see in computer parlance, "garbage in, garbage out" or more specifically 'Grammar', or correct interpretation of the input, followed by 'Logic' and 'Rhetoric' or, output a receiver comprehends.

The Quadrivium must be followed in the correct order, and there's some argument about what that is but to me it appears to follow an established system, ie: Arithmetic (Fire), Geometry (Earth), Cosmology (Air) and Music (Water). It's worthy of note that at the time both Astronomy, the study of the heavens and Astrology, their effect on Earthly life forms were considered a single 'science'.

Why should we care? Because it would appear that somewhere along the line, academic disciplines have been divided into ever narrower realms of specialisation as a means to occult (hide) the obvious and prevent the student from detecting the elegance of number and the intrinsic relationships between the physical material plane we can observe and the "empty" space we cannot.

So, to link this back to your post above where you are considering gravitational "waves" or at it's fundamental level, frequency and dare I say it, Music as it relates to the entire electro-magnetic frequency range and the manifestation of form within the study of , is it not possible that something important is being entirely overlooked, or plain dismissed as irrelevant ?

[Edit: Oops, clicked post but wasn't done rambling poopoo, there's more coming...]

You may be aware that when designing PCBs, eg mother boards etc that an allowance must be made when trying to push current round corners, to avoid creating hotspots and points of failure (which may be done on purpose in today's age of planned obsolescence) and when using higher frequencies eg microwaves the wave-guide must include a certain amount of twist along it's length to prevent signal loss.

It wouldn't surprise me if there were similar considerations to be made when attempting to harness and interpret gravitational waves, and probably a myriad of other frequency sub-ranges that we haven't even contemplated the existence of because (q)academia has deemed them off-limits and therefore refuses to fund the research. Is it possible such avenues of inquiry are being funded within black-budget USAPs?

Twenty-odd years of following rabbit holes through the Interwebz would suggest to me that something is definitely going on behind the scenes, and I consider myself incredibly fortunate that I broke out of the indoctrination camp of modern education early enough to ignore the establishment and think for myself. As a generalist it's possible to recognise patterns that specialists are incapable or unwilling to entertain seriously.

Is there a jumping off point for further research? Why yes there is, right .

("Standards", eg ISO 9001 / "Concert Pitch" may be convenient, but do they help or hinder?)

[Edit: Posting in case you know a real scientist or two that are game to break the status-quo.]
Click to expand...

This is important stuff. It's the 'Silent song of the spheres'. I always drop to normal space and listen, when I'm checking systems.

The practical application of the sound aspect eludes me. I just listen and hope something different can be heard.
Last edited: Sep 3, 2019
Reactions:
-=fox=-, clavain and [PS4] Filthymick420