Jorki Rasalas
Sep 21, 2024
#34,908
Rochester said:
Thinking back on the cosmological model.

I’m speculative that MB seeded a number of clues into various posts, in particularly I keep coming back to this idea.

Here there is the repeated concept of Heavens gate, with the almost exact design being utilised in both his book/tattoo design and his shield design. What draws me towards this is the insinuation of a St. Michael guarding those gates.

I do wonder if this is what was implied in the Brookes Tours.

I think this ties back into the plot line of Paradise lost and the location of the Pendant Jewel, which might hang below heavens gate.

I think we have to try and not get too specific here, because academically there are multiple interpretations of where said pendant jewel exists, off the West wall; off the East wall; off the North East; directly below the gate or just below it but to the north etc.

I do wonder which interpretation was utilised. In game I’m aware that the Greek Wind compass does correlate with all my findings, part of me wonders why certain aspects of it are missing, maybe it’s intentional.

Nevertheless, in these images I believe MB is referring to St. Micheal with the burning sword, or as the Guardian defeating the serpent.

What locations in game could this tie-in to?





Again ‘tin-foil’ moment:

What if - the Codex is referring to Legacy; what if Legacy is not important because of the children’s story, but rather that’s just a metaphorical reference to read Legacy.

“The Beaumont system was a frontier world far below Achenar.” Elite Legacy.

Far below Achenar is a system called (French for Michael) and Sopedu - (Guardian of the East).

Above are my Lost Realms systems, which I still hold are what are referred to directly in the codex. Within that network there is the system (mythical origin of the Aztecs - the caves), this borders the systems named are the cities of gold.

Notably this is also the home for the Orbis Starport ‘’, a reference to the film Bladerunner, one of MB favourite films.

I am no theologian but I understand Saint Michael was charged with the care of the souls of Purgatory!


Could part of the puzzle be: go to the underworld, with eyes to see, behold within the lost realms of Eden, the gate, the cave, to the mountain of purgatory, follow the star lover upwards, spiralling around to reach the pendant jewel atop the mount omphalos, the system on the outer rim of Chaos, below the gates of heaven!







Click to expand...
Well I've read Legacy several times and the one thing I get out of it is that Raxxla is in Alliance space, which is far removed from Achenar.
Reactions:
Rochester