Edelgard von Rhein
E
Sep 7, 2023
#31,528
TL;DR I think that we are on the right track looking for possibly both Raxxla and TDW base in the 'lost realms / underworld' region, however I think that there is a precondition (possibly more than one - and not only Elite rank) for us to be able to find it, that essentially precludes accidental discovery.

I often think about the journey to Raxxla and am left with questions, which I sometimes try to answer in-game (testable hypotheses) and some are more metaphorical or philosophical. Today my thoughts are about in-game activities, with a meta-game slant.

It occurs to me that the journey to Raxxla, being essentially an activity in a computer game that has huge storyline impact, must meet two basic requirements (very likely more but these two are what I've been thinking about):

1) It must be fun. I know we are having fun learning about mythologies and literature and debating what is or is not a clue but here I mean an in-game activity, not out-of-game. Flying around, scanning and mapping stuff, looking for points of light in ring systems or deep space that don't show up on a scan, or diving into every asteroid belt cluster is not terribly fun, or at least not so different to standard exploration. It would feel kinda unfulfilling if we just had to scan the right moon in the right system to find it.

2) It must be risky. The difference between a journey and an adventure is that you expect to get back from a journey but with an adventure it is not guaranteed. It must be Dangerous! Think of the traditional 'leap of faith' in a hero's journey or passing a 'point of no return'. There are plenty of such activities in Elite Dangerous, from combat to transporting criminal mastermind or explorer passengers (neither of whom like to be scanned) to smuggling illegal goods, or even just having cargo in your hold. So how to make finding Raxxla a risk? There is something that we have to do en route. A precondition that explorers do not normally do when flying around scanning things - a deliberate risk that you might normally run away from.

So what in-game activities are both fun and risky? Combat. The risk of ship destruction mostly happens in combat, though it can happen if you are scanned carrying a wanted passenger, attempt a high-g landing, getting a jet cone boost from a white dwarf or face pirates/police for carrying (illegal) cargo (OK, being attacked because of whom/what you are carrying is also combat). Time-sensitive activities are also risky in that they have a chance of failure (like getting a bonus for delivery missions). For the latter case, there ought to be an obvious, repeatable trigger that then gives you a known time to completion. I suspect that, since TDW missions were removed, this is not the solution.

I wonder whom/what we have to (eventually) fight to reach Raxxla?

Does this make any sense, or have I gone off on a tangent again?
Last edited: Sep 7, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, simulacrae, Han_Zen and 1 other person