Han_Zen
Sep 8, 2023
#31,538
Rochester said:
One also needs to consider another alternative.

What if Raxxla is no longer an active narrative element?

What if it used to be, but it and other narrative elements were dropped - for various reasons.

Following this, the existing elements were not purged, but left in situ, and a new element ‘the codex’ written around them.

So you take an inactive storyline and write a new mythology around it. The ‘object’ or whatever it is stays in game but nothing really leads you to it.

For me this is how I suspect things have transpired. I presume MB wrote Raxxla into a wider narrative, or more likely a dude narrative / Easter egg, which was later dropped, it previously being mission driven. Or this was intentional.

The codex was then written after the fact and brought in to highlight the various hidden elements in game and help draw our attention towards it?

No need for gameplay mechanics, very easy to build.
Personally I don't think it ever was a true active narrative element. By that I mean that there has never been a complete path that you can follow, to find Raxxla. I don't think the E/F missions lead anywhere. They were just hits. If anything, they were foreshadowing the guardian sites.

The hidden narrative, the idea that FD have for how finding Raxxla may play out, is very likely to have changed. The game has far greater capabilities now, than it had at release.

Raxxla is supposed to be extremely hard to find. Making something extremely hard to find, is very easy. Just put a planet in any system you like, give it a huge orbit (1 ly radius?) and say that it's cloaked. Now it's in the game, FD knows how to get there and they are free to update it as the game develops. They can also drop as many vague hints as they want. No one will find it.
When the game is capable of matching the vision FD has for Raxxla, they can start dropping more concrete hints or implementing game play that leads somewhere.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, El Saico and Edelgard von Rhein