Rochester
Sep 8, 2023
#31,540
Yes I found it very odd too, Aspu is the god of fresh water, of the abyss.

They are in game close to a sector I call the older gods, which likewise focus upon this area, there is a clear indication certain systems named after water are placed specific to this correlation and those of mountains.

RH text alludes to a journey over / under water through a mountain or hill. Brookes also used the analogy of a mountain in various texts regarding the afterlife.

In game the lost realms aka the Otherworlds, are nestled it would seem between mountains! Upon the very edge of the map (system in the area are relative to this concept too).

I cannot assess if this is simply replicating RH concepts, as a Easter egg, or if they are represented correctly to define this area as part of a specific journey?

But, this is however the ‘journey’ I believe M Brookes alluded to in his interview. A physical journey to the underworld, via water, over/under/through mountains to the Otherworld?

Obfuscated on the outer rim!

Raxxla it could be interpreted is an otherworld, a Miltonian Eden / Paradise, hidden within a conglomeration of other otherworlds?

If the were a trigger, to initiate any such elements in game, the primary trigger ought to be exploration, factions and ‘missions’. But I would imagine such a meguffin would have been triggered by now, unless it relates to a specific commodity; but I suspect it’s a navigational identifier - pointing us towards someplace in the lost realms!

Regards the seven gates, I can’t find anything to date, RH text was the first and only reference I found.

In mythology doorways are representative of a personal journey.

The seven gate’s probably relate to Gilgamesh and Istar, no gates are named specifically. Ultimately I would suspect such a reference might be too wide as Aspu is not the only ‘older god’ in this area, besides I feel they work collectively to operate as a navigational aid to point us towards to these ‘Otherworlds’.

It’s highly likely in my opinion much of this was originally part of something bigger, but no longer is,

Still its a genuinely impressive construction on its own merits, and I feel a fitting location for Raxxla to sit.

This might be the location, but your correct there may still be some type of trigger, or it’s narratively locked and we await FD to flip a switch.

The later concept I find amusing, yet ultimately improbable given we probably no have a good idea of where it might be… so I suspect it’s already in game, it might just require alignment with various factions or some obscure environmental reference?

To a certain extent we likely now understand where Raxxla might be; we also may have a description what it might look like?

Something like a pendant jewel on the brow of the mother of galaxies!

A star sitting very close to a more prominent and luminous star (the mother), it either hanging from that system like a pendant (in system map) as you’re pointed out, something far out on the elliptical plain of the system? or a system in the Galmap, so small most would not notice it hidden beside a more brighter star?

Or it’s an orientational set of clues; go to a certain location and look to a certain galaxy, the system you seek is on its brow?

That’s the next phase in this endeavour…what does the Brow of the mother of galaxies mean?


David Gilmour “Rattle that lock”.
Last edited: Sep 8, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian