Rochester
Sep 8, 2023
#31,537
Han_Zen said:
It is interesting to look at possible preconditions and how they may work.
Personally I don't think Raxxla cares. Raxxla is most likely ancient and alien. Who you are, what you have done or where you have been, should not matter to Raxxla.

TDW on the other hand, will care about all these things. There are however a few problems with them, as well. First of all, they haven't found Raxxla (at least they hadn't found it in 3301). They may still sit on information or equipmet that are absolute requirements to locate Raxxla.
The second issue with TDW is that the seem passive, for now. With all the commanders flying around the bubble with maxed out everything, someone should have heard from them.

Where does that leave the journey?

We have to consider what is resonnable.
What would DB and MB want to be a part of the mystery?
What is technically possible now and what was possible at release?
How can something be found relatively quickly by someone with the technology of the 23. century and then stay hidden for the next thousand years?

Any possible preconditions that we may come up with, has to be met with the questions: How does this work and why is this a precondition.

If Elite is a precondition it means that:

Why would someone help you?

Then we can ask which of these options are reasonable to implement and in line with what FD might want.

Other preconditions may be harder to find answers for, but it's equally important to ask the questions.
One also needs to consider another alternative.

What if Raxxla is no longer an active narrative element?

What if it used to be, but it and other narrative elements were dropped - for various reasons.

Following this, the existing elements were not purged, but left in situ, and a new element ‘the codex’ written around them.

So you take an inactive storyline and write a new mythology around it. The ‘object’ or whatever it is stays in game but nothing really leads you to it.

For me this is how I suspect things have transpired. I presume MB wrote Raxxla into a wider narrative, or more likely a side narrative / Easter egg, which was later dropped / bugged etc; it previously being mission driven. Or this was intentional.

The codex was then written after the fact and brought in to highlight the various hidden elements in game and help draw our attention towards it?

Raxxla is now no longer a game changing nexus point, but something more in line with the lore. It may still be expansive, with some type of payoff, but nothing which will alter the game nor our abilities.

No need for gameplay mechanics, very easy to build, if there were any gaps, such a fix effectively ignores them.

Personally I believe Brookes did write his book, it’s just that architecture is laid out in game, certain elements were repurposed, kept in situ, but Raxxla I suspect was moved aside; it like the DW is a remnant, my assumption is neither have any impact on game, but are in game.
Last edited: Sep 8, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, El Saico, Edelgard von Rhein and 2 others