Rochester
Nov 19, 2024
#35,367
Jorki Rasalas said:
Yes. Ive always understoof in-game Tourist Beacons to be a pukka source of lore. It looked to me from various posts that MB took personal oversight of them. Which is why I found the various spellings of Pilot(')s(') Federation in TB within Shinrarta so significant, and supported the hypothesis that this was part of an in-game "journey we all must make". I'm sure MB could spell, so it wasnt down to poor grammar & hence must have had a hidden meaning. It led to my hypothesis about the five+ different factions within PF and one of them was the real TDW, distinct from the TDW faction operating out of Jameson Memorial. That hypothesis was supported by becoming separately Allied to at least two of them (IIRC Davanix said he was Allied to an extra one via Combat in support of a PF Community Goal). However when those various spellings were corrected a year or so ago it seemed IMHO to be confirmation of a retcon of any TDW storyline.

Augustus Brenquith getting significant mention in two TB but nothing else in-game about him seemed also to be a hint to something...

I won’t be so presumptuous to insinuate any spelling or poor grammar is a failing of any writer, nor judge them for it, because that’s the job of publishers, who employ editors.

Virginia Woolf was well known to be a terrible speller and had no concept of good grammar, and her publishers edited her work considerably.

Being not so good at the mechanics of writing, is not a restriction to writing..

I think errors do and have occurred in game and some of the official lore, l don’t hold that against anyone but it’s likely we might not be able to attribute such minutiae to have any relevance.

Regards those spellings, yes I did question FD support over them, and they said working as intended, but they seem now to have been fixed (?) it could simply have been due to a typo… ?

Likewise in Elite Legacy there exists various spellings and grammatical errors. One could say my ‘Beaumont’ hypothesis is evidence of such disparity, between lore and the game, that not ‘everything’ referenced necessarily made it into the game?

We simply don’t know. But it may have?!?
Last edited: Nov 20, 2024
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and Emperor