Vektorboson
V
Jan 29, 2021
#20,751
Jorki Rasalas said:
Despite my lack of graphical/Gimp/artistic expertise I've had a little play around with the Raxxla logo and asteroid belt sectors from the sysmap. The latter was generated by me from an overhead, screenshot in the orrery view, which may not have been exactly overhead so I think there's a little distortion. But two more variants to add to that already created by Cmdr Burning Scull (https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8923705) are:

and



I think the three dotted lines signifies the asteroid belt, so in the first I put those . It is interesting that the dotted line (an engineering drawing convention meaning something is hidden ) runs at the outer edge of the belt- reminiscent of the "Hidden in the Outer RIm" elite mission that used to be at Shin Dez and I've been finding the green glow towards the outer edge of the belt..

In the second image I enlarged the logo so the three arcs fit t The circle then fits the inner edge of the belt. The dotted line then lies outside the belt, which might align with the direction of some of the videos for the glow light source .

I'm just playing around with possibilites here as I don't want to get stuck on one possible explanation without some supporting evidence (I've thought for ages the logo is a clue). I personally still think the logo is more symbolic than actual map- the inner dot and circle represent Sol star, the three arcs represent the asteroid belt, the dottend line represents something hidden. The meaning of the green coridoors and black shapes are open to debate IMHO. I suspect it represents a dodecahedron station which is Raxxla...we'll find out when we find it!
Click to expand...

I'll try to mention the Hilda-asteroids again, which would fit the three arcs better, since the Hildas are in three clusters, please take a look at the picture on https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hilda_asteroid
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and [PS4] Filthymick420