Louis Calvert
Dec 16, 2017
#1,358
Malcolm_Reanolds said:
So I re-read my crazy fueled post yesterday and started having a discussion with a friend of mine on this subject. Now what do we know?

a place that's not a place
a door that's also the key

Witch space is a place that is not a place. It is a doorway to other systems using our jump drive tech (Thargoid hybrid tech?). And it is very possibly the key to finding Raxxla.

They say in the novella from the original Elite that ships would get lost in witch space. Just float out there for eternity. So it is possible to get stuck in witch space. So it would make sense that perhaps there is something there in witch space. Given this it wouldn't be far fetched to say it might even be possible to jump to specific coordinates there given the right tech and calibration if a planet is found who is to say it couldn't be colonized? Also why has no one seen the Thargoids for so long? Perhaps they were hiding out in witch space as well.

It was found and lost
Jason Ryder in the Novella knew something
Raxxla is not mentioned a TON in the novels I have read so far
The search is on.....

From the DJTruthsayer interview:
Question: "You have said that there will be no clues though?"
Brookes: "That's true, but I think you have to make some of it a tiny bit obvious just so people know what they're doing. There's nothing to be revealed at this stage."

I am beginning to wonder if indeed it does have something to do with witch space. But in the end I am compiling what I know and writing it down to see if maybe there was something so insanely obvious in there. But the bottom line is I would put money on the fact that it is staring us right in the face.

Both DB and MB have said Raxxla is in the Milky Way and in-game from the start. It's one of the few clues actually given about the location of Raxxla.

For this reason I don't think Raxxla is in Witchspace. It may well be in a place that can only be reached by some future modification of hyperdrive though. Whatever it is bear in mind that it was found and reached easily enough hundreds of years ago, so it can't need any exotic tech to get there.
Reactions:
Scytale