Rochester
Nov 28, 2023
#32,214
Rochester said:
The obvious references are those regarding the Thetis and Shamash. Personally at 6am I can’t recall any others. Right now.

However, very interestingly this location is suspiciously close to my new ‘Realm of Chaos’ / ‘Pendant World’ theory.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10264516

View attachment 375605

The next phase of the above hypothesis of mine was to draw a line of sight between the hypothetical throne of Chaos ‘Tiamat’ and between that of ‘The Fall’.

In Paradise Lost Satan was driven out of a particular point in heaven, and fell straight down. Later when he escaped Hell with the help of his daughter Sin (Sinn) who followed him upwards, then built a bridge for him, he flew upward randomly until he found the realm of the deity Chaos, who gave him directions to the pendant world - which was described as being close to where Satan had been cast out.

If we add the location of the Thetis and Shamash, then we find they aren’t very far off this path…if this is an obvious clue then one possibility is Raxxla - aka the Pendant world, is in this location, near the brow of heavens wall (upper triangle which represents the Morrigan).

Click to expand...
In an update on this hypothesis, the location of the Thetis and Shamash is slap bang upon an alignment of the Moirai, in game!

*Image below shows the areas of influence of the Thetis and Shamash. The Moirai is shown as a white triangle. Following image is the same, but influence areas removed. For myself I find this a revelation!




What follows is when I overlay the Norse Norns, we find they build an alignment with a hypothetical ceiling of the heavens?

Again personally I find this entire construct absolutely beautiful and a real work of genius, Frontier Developments need to be applauding this cosmological model, which perfectly marries various theologies, the works of Milton and Holdstock into something which presumably was built by Brookes, thats absolutely astonishing to perceive and behold.

There exists a relationship with Thetis and Shamash which I feel goes towards linking it to Raxxla, and that is with the story of Gilgamesh.

Ninsun is the mother of Gilgamesh and helps him by and convincing Shamash to protect her son. In a similar fashion Thetis protects her son Achilles. The link falls upon the parallels between these two demi-gods who share a fair few similarities. Of note Achilles is not in game, so does Gilgamesh represent him in game?

Love, Loss, Lions: The Similarities Between Achilles and Gilgamesh
As shown by the many similarities between Achilles and Gilgamesh, Greek literary traditions were heavily influenced by Mesopotamian traditions.
www.thecollector.com

Gilgamesh is of importance because there are a great deal of deities linked to his epic in game, this epic involves a trip to a magical land or ‘Otherworld’ as well as a trip to the Underworld…

This is rather an enormous breakthrough, because that epic involves a creation myth, and many of these systems in game seem to align with other systems, denoting the realms of heaven and the underworld…





Here is the map animated - for context:

Last edited: Dec 3, 2023
Reactions:
Bushido Brown and Ughkoff