Rochester
Nov 28, 2023
#32,206
Louis Calvert said:
... a door that's also a key?

Oddly, a loading screen for Elite Dangerous works kinda exactly like Hyperspace: a non-space transit between two 'real' places... and you can't reach a system without Hyperspace, so mechanically, it's both a door to other systems and a key to access other systems.

1.3 Changelog. IIRC they tweaked this a few times?
View attachment 375570

... well, don't you have to make some of it a little bit obvious?

But, joking aside, most people ignore Hyperspace. I can't be the only one that pretty much zones out during jumps. After all... hyperspace is just a loading screen right?

It's entirely possible that this is the case. Thargoid Hyperdictions are always the proof that Hyperspace 'loading screens' be seamlessly switched out for 'content'.


Oh interesting, which ones are they? The only "whisper" is the Thetis, Shamash, and one from 3304 where someone talks about whispered rumours.

Thetis and Shamash signals aren't whispers in witch-space; they're very specifically radio signals in realspace. Sirens very specifically sing to try to entice passing sailors towards them (to be eaten); The Thetis signal sends people psychopathic and murderous within minutes.

The Codex Entry is quite specific:

'The whisperer' is . This sentence structure indicates the 'siren of the deepest void' is the 'whisperer in witch-space'. If we assume this means Raxxla (because that's the structure of the Toast, linguistically), then the most-likely interpretation of the codex is simply that: 'Raxxla is the jewel that burns on the brow of the Milky Way, it's the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void, it's the parent's grief, the lover's woe, and it's the yearning of The Dark Wheel's heart'.

I'm still searching for any info on whether anyone's tried to investigate the whispers before, can't seem to find anything at all?
Click to expand...
The obvious references are those regarding the Thetis and Shamash. Personally at 6am I can’t recall any others. Right now.

However, very interestingly this location is suspiciously close to my new ‘Realm of Chaos’ / ‘Pendant World’ theory.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10264516



The next phase of the above hypothesis of mine was to draw a line of sight between the hypothetical throne of Chaos ‘Tiamat’ and between that of ‘The Fall’.

Another was to investigate the line of sight between Shibboleth and then upwards towards Badb of the Morrigan system, aligned perfectly!

In Paradise Lost Satan was driven out of a particular point in heaven, and fell straight down. Later when he escaped Hell with the help of his daughter Sin (Sinn) who followed him upwards, then built a bridge for him, he flew upward randomly until he found the realm of the deity Chaos, who gave him directions to the pendant world - which was described as being close to where Satan had been cast out.

If we add the location of the Thetis and Shamash, then we find they aren’t very far off this path…if this is an obvious clue then one possibility is Raxxla - aka the Pendant world, is in this location, near the brow of heavens wall (upper triangle which represents the Morrigan).

Last edited: Nov 29, 2023
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein and Darrack