Jorki Rasalas
Aug 30, 2022
#26,952
Dox Paradox said:
Just in case the "discredited" part of the codex was here to mislead (after all, isn't it more of an opinion rather than a fact expressed here? Discredited why? Maybe the story contains clues.), I found this old story with a title very similar.
Who knows.
The Project Gutenberg eBook of Sir P. S. His Astrophel and Stella, by Philip Sidney
You have to treat anything said in-game, by npc or in text such as the codex, with a degree of scepticism. We were told that people in-game can lie. Indeed The Club is a secret in-game organisation of the powerful who have been manipulating humanity for a long time to their own ends, and The Club concept was supposedly invented by David Braben, but was the topic for Drew Wagar’s two Elite books Reclamation and Premonition.

We have no details on which to assess the veracity of any such claims in the codex. I would caution against taking a centuries-old historical document such as Philip Sidney’s prose as the intended book reference, the title is widely divergent for a start, and it’s not a children’s book!

From its prominence in that codex entry the reference to “Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars” & “for those with eyes to see” might well be a clue but needs to be deciphered....

I’ve taken anagrams of the mentioned book title- and got over a hundred in-game system names from it!
The part about “eyes to see” might refer to John Milton who wrote Paradise Lost (Michael Brookes’ favourite author and book), since JM was blind when he wrote it. So Paradise Lost might be relevant, somehow. Search back for a few pages, Emperor and Rochester came up with another possibility for “eyes to see”. Search my posts in this thread-Ive had a few theories! None proved fruitful!

There are so many possibilities, which is what makes this Quest simultaneously so fascinating and so frustrating. Pick a hypothesis and go test it out! We like to share thoughts and ideas in this thread, and sometimes collaborate in the testing. But none of us have any real idea of where or what (as DB gleefully reminded us!) Raxxla is. Presumably only David Braben, Michael Brookes, and a handful of FD coders do; perhaps we need to supply FD pizza and beer suitably topped with truth serum! Slice of Feta with Jalapeño and Scopalomine David?
Reactions:
Dox Paradox and Rochester