Rochester
Dec 10, 2023
#32,442
Louis Calvert said:
If we're assuming the Codex is a clue, or many clues, then by rights any other clues should make sense when compared to the Codex - either by adding more context or explanation, or relating to an existing clue so we can see the continuation of the puzzle there.

Let's look at Shamash/Thetis for Raxxla clues:
Thetis:
The Thetis picked up a "digital signal...originates from an uninhabited planet we passed 15 light years ago", clearly stated.
Shamash:



Raxxla Codex:
Is Shamash/Thetis in any way similar to any part of the Raxxla legend or the Codex?

Looking at the facts we have - I personally don't see any connection whatsoever, other than the word 'whisper' used to describe a perceived voice in the Thetis signal. The rest is a case of "one weird thing might be linked to another weird thing".

It seems undeniably clear that the Thetis signal is some version of the Shamash signal, and that some 'agent' or 'agents' already knew about it (Skull-mask person), or rapidly moved to vigilante justice. The two systems proximity is odd, as is the Thetis' orientation to Shamash. It's possible Grey Swan was experimenting with the signal, or being experimented on (both very interesting ideas that tie into my theory at the end!).

Yes, the Thetis signal come from an unknown source 1,000 years ago - but that has been in the heart of the bubble for over a thousand years now, and so far we've only seen one 'event' like this occur. Though honestly I feel pretty strongly that next Halloween season we might see another one where we have to put down another 'murder signal' event and maybe learn a little more about it...

I think there's an easy answer that many overlook:

The Thetis was launched from earth between 2097 and 2150-ish. So let's assume the Thetis was launched in 2110, it travelled for at most 270 years, that means it picked up the 'murder signal' around the year 2380.

By 2380 Hyperdrive had been in use for almost , there is active war between the Federation and Empire, human colonies had spread out a lot. Sirius had become a corporate powerhouse and brokered a truce btween the Federation and Empire. You can stretch this for a few decades either way and the answer is the same:



And the Thetis was no more than 53ly from Sol during this time, well within the sphere of FTL expansion: Alioth was discovered in the 2390's, that's 83ly from Sol.

The Thetis signal was (or a human made rogue AI). There would have been human colonies out there, undoubtedly black-ops military scouts, Federation-Imperial special ops teams unofficially duking it out, probably military research projects on distant worlds to keep them secret, etc. etc.

Think about it: a 'murder signal' that infects any comms system and sends anyone who hears it even for a few seconds into a murderous state. That's definitely a weapon. For all we know the Thetis was deliberately targeted by whoever made the weapon, a 'lost' generation ship with thousands of people aboard is a perfect test-lab. I wouldn't be surprised if the unfolding Halloween event story is about how someone rediscovered the old research and tested it out on Grey Swan.
Click to expand...
A good hypothesis, I agree.

Technically the signal ought to have originated from a planet 15 light years away on a line of sight to Sol - easy… that’s why up until now I discarded this as being linked.

But if we look at the Thetis and Shemash and draw a 15 light year bubble around each, they are inside each other’s sphere of influence! That’s suspicious!

I only draw them into the hypothesis because of Shemashs link to the story of Gilgamesh; he being a key figure in the Holdstock works of Lost Realms and Ragthorn. All of which have a storyline which is suspiciously similar to that in the Codex… then we have these odd locations, very close to the hypothetical ceiling of heaven on the outer rim of a sphere of systems named after storm gods, right next to the Greek fates and the Norse Norns!

We then have three systems used by Brookesin his Drabbles - one of them Tiamat, a goddess whose body made the stars! And right next to it the system Siren?

From a Miltonian perspective - Eden might hang… from such a location?

I don’t believe the Shamash system is key, but I feel it’s more a flag, something weird is abound..

You can’t deny it’s just too weird…

Last edited: Dec 10, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Edelgard von Rhein, Ravenloft45 and 1 other person