Emperor
Dec 11, 2023
#32,457
Jorki Rasalas said:
the golden chain might be the string of 2Mass stars pointing back towards Sol?
So many of my idle investigations have pointed me to the Orion Nebula area in one way or another over the years but never anything concrete (not sure what I was looking for!)...

I've also assumed if it's out that way then that would most likely indicate Raxxla is locked off behind a permit... mmm... has it always been locked? would someone have gone out there early on for the view and honked? That pattern on the Tharg barnacles Barnardy?, etc, etc not to mention Greek mythology and then of course the exact thing you mentioned with the stars.... LOL

(....and was also why I was asking about the Milton theory and Thargs/Guardians)

And I remember mentioning ages ago it pointing back to Sol and being slapped down with the "that's a result of the star catalogue not knowing distances, etc"
But there has been a lot of effort in naming star systems out there and all to do with space, astronomy, astronauts, etc from memory.... I tried bookmarking them (before the number was increased) and ran out quite quickly...

Ah...here's a list I did... always thought all of it would be being a bit obvious...

The Quest To Find Raxxla
The use of the term Shibboleth: a custom, principle, or belief distinguishing a particular class or group of people, might have been used to identify a specific name within that system… Its moon is interestingly named Kyllikki, which as @simulacrae identifies, might refer to a character from...
forums.frontier.co.uk

Plus I was waiting for someone to comment on this from my prev post (you all failed the test... how will we ever find Raxxla! LOL).... see anything like a chain and pendant just to the right of the words "The Legacy" ? ;-)

Might log in now and see what it's hanging from!


EDIT: Might want to head here too...

https://hubblesite.org/contents/media/images/2000/10/952-Image.html
NGC 1999: This dark nebula is located just east of the Orion Nebula and is home to the Trapezium Cluster, a group of young, massive stars.
So a bit of a void... and keyhole nebula...."Place that isn't a place, door that is also the key. The myth"
Last edited: Dec 11, 2023
Reactions:
Adel, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Louis Calvert