selbie
Dec 11, 2023
#32,451
Edelgard von Rhein said:
So I've visited Shamash, scanned, listened to and recorded the voice logs and explored the possibility of locating something via an audio signal in FSS mode (since the Stargoids produced signals detectable from other systems, it seems quite feasible for a system related to Raxxla to generate an audio signal in the same way - maybe that was another hint?).

Here is my video of the voice logs from Shamash:
SPOILER

Also, I made a video of the voice logs of the Generation Ship Thetis:

(The individual logs have been bookmarked). I hope the sound is OK, for some reason it was very quiet for me upon playback but was fine in-game ... .

Regarding the Shamash logs, it seems that there is a voice in the background that sounds as if it has been slowed down. At times it even sounds as if it is reading out letters using the phonetic alphabet. There are also 'screeches' and 'buzzes' that might indicate information that can be revealed in a spectrogram. This kind of analysis is outside my area of expertise but feel free to have a listen and investigate from the above videos.

The logs do not have this, except for a tiny patch at the end of the third log. I'm not sure what to make of the final log... .

As for the examination of audio in the FSS, I pointed to a few locations, like Sagittarius A*, one of the Thargoid Titans, Artemis, Nefertem, Axis Mundi and Elysia but did not hear anything other than the standard background noise. I did note that by hovering over an in-system signal source that I had not yet identified, I would hear a distinctive audio signal representative of what it was, so long as the FSS was tuned to roughly (it did not need to be exact) the right frequency. I would say that it would be impractical to use this method as a general search tool but if you had a shortlist of systems to check you would be able to identify a signal coming from one of them.
Click to expand...
Went to take a look and I did find a clear sine wave near the end of the 4th log message which was interesting and indicated a clue to audio / EM frequency. This wave fell between the 5000Hz and 7000Hz range with a period of approximately 20 seconds.

SPOILER: AMPLITUDE

Other than that I didn't see much....and then I read this line of the Federation's "response"
Commander,

So you’re aware, the situation in Shamash is now under control. All comms arrays at Garrett Outpost have been rebooted and scrubbed clean. Residuals messages in nearby beacons have been classified as safe, even if the recordings are a little unsettling.

The source of the signal which sent so many people crazy is being investigated. I’m not sure what we expect to find – even if we detected the signal’s current origin it’d just cause trouble. These are similarities with the tragedy with struck Generation Ship Thetis, hundreds of years ago.

It’s easy to think we have the galaxy all figured out, but sometimes… sometimes I wonder just . Just how much we should leave well alone.

Vincent Prowse
Pilots’ Federation
Click to expand...
I was too busy looking for shapes or patterns I forgot to check the full spectrum.
Then I went back to boost the spectrographic gain settings.......... This appeared in the 16kHz-22kHz range


Spectrographic image of all 5 audio logs - you can see the distinctive 'odd' 5th audio log at the end.
You can see they are stacked on top of each other with distinctive markers showing an approximate signal range.

Any ideas on what this could indicate? Does anyone know how to shift these down into the audible hearing range??
Edit: nevermind, found out how.
Last edited: Dec 17, 2023
Reactions:
Merlin StWahgwaan, Rochester and Adel