Jorki Rasalas
Mar 7, 2021
#21,663
Vetinari said:
The only official proven connection to being Elite is from the original Dark Wheel novella as told to Ralph 'You have to be Elite'...which is a nice story but as the Uncle had no idea what or where Raxxla was its also meaningless and just an assumption on their part in the first place. It could just as likely be taken that you have to be elite as in able to survive in the wilds of space before you can hope to get to Raxxla, its a dangerous journey, you have to be prepared. Like in all the movies the hero has to train before they can take on the challenge.

Being Elite rank grants 1 Permit that we know of, Shin Des. Which is home to something called The Dark Wheel, whoever they are, and to a Jameson descendant, and has a GG with 8 moons, and is the home to the successors of the founders of the PF and the EPF, and is where old Elite pilots go to retire. Logically therefore if Elite rank itself was a requirement....

Journey for themselves - Theres a horrible conclusion that the only journey you have to take for yourself is resetting the game save once you get to Elite Any other physical journey can be replicated or short cut or MC or jump on an FC and get a lift. Emotional journey is a cop-out. Rank journey does fit, in that you have to do it, or are supposed to only be able to do it yourself....or sit in MC while someone sells all their LTDs.
Click to expand...
well, the one journey ALL pilots MUST take is the journey through life to death. So I have another hypothesis that Raxxla is located somewhere associated with either Pluto (the Underworld, and the "Outer Rim" of Sol system at the time of the gamma when Raxxla was inserted) or Persephone (wife to the god of the Underworld, inserted into game much later so lower confidence in this option). But both of these have so much space associated with them that I'm not looking forward to it with any sense ofenjoyment whatsoever, and it IS supposed to be a game after all!
Reactions:
TrillClinton, [PS4] Filthymick420, Rochester and 3 others