Allin
A
Apr 8, 2018
#2,128
Scytale said:
Interesting. So, after all, it seems there ARE clues... on the skin of the Boss. He must be a fan of Prison Break too...
My two pence for the mix: ( beware, autism alarm ahead ! )
The star in the lower right quadrant of the tattoo might as well be Aldebaran (Alpha Tauri, 65 Ly from Sol and homing the Lovecraftian city of Carcosa ['You know Carcosa ?' True Detective]). We might see Derleth's Great Old One tentacular Hastur, the Indicible coming out of his den with his Byakhees all around. Can't remember the name of the scaled one...his servant iirc...
Concerned by the presence of the Archangel St Michael next to The Door or Gate (guarding from Lucifer/Loki ?). Can't remember any star specifically related to him which would help to furthermore confirm the Polaris-Sirius thing ...
Currently chasing our excellent Macros in the outer rim near BP... too far to investigate this tinfoil stuff ...


Archangel Michael in Kabbalah is a personification of the Earth's Sun (and in Greek/Roman mysticism is equivalent of Helios, Adonis/Sol, Apollo) - so he is... us, or more precisely indicates humans guarding the gate.

His celestial ruling star is Regulus (Alpha Leonis) also known as Lion's Heart and is knows as one of the four Royal stars (together with Aldebaran, Antares and Fomalhaut) with Regulus being the King star (representing horsemen of the apocalypse as well). In Persian beliefs this star was the guardian of the sky.

For the Lovecraft angle - Regulus is known in Chinese lore as... Yellow Emperor (so: The King in Yellow).

So, it does make a lot of sense in the image, however I'm not sure how it would key into the riddle.

The angle I am checking now is the logical pairing of stars and further an idea of 5th star forming arms of the 5-stars symbol (or possibly a pentagram or a 3d map) as of this:

Alpha Ursae Majoris - Dubhe (HD 95689)
Alpha Ursae Minoris - Polaris
Alpha Canis Majoris - Sirius
Alpha Canis Minoris - Procyon

And Alioth being the only odd one without pair

I need to get to Sinrarta Dezhra and try getting rep with the Dark Wheel. That may or may not be essential.

It's happened once before but not sure how to replicate this. Do other have this every time they go from A -> B? Or just occasionally?

Whenever I'm in the system about 3-5 minutes into the flight. Maybe some of us are the chosen ones
Last edited: Apr 8, 2018
Reactions:
Scytale