Thatchinho
Nov 20, 2017
#1,080
Moribus said:
All this really asks some odd questions about the empty nature of the galaxy given that we've been hyper-space capable for 1000 years and yet apparently never got that far into the galaxy. The old (pre ED lore) faraway network and later 7ly limit really helped to explain why humanity kept to a very small bubble of stars for the last 1000 years.

There's no need to call on the faraway network or 7ly drives for explanation. FD have already provided plenty.

Colonisation and exploration are very different things. The bubble marks the extent of major known colonisation. FD have talked about the models they used and the factors around it and it's well thought out.

Colonising other planets and systems is not cheap or easy, particularly if terraforming is needed. Transport of large numbers of people needs to be available. Even large numbers transport-wise are not going to be large in terms of planetary populations. Those populations will take a considerable amount of time to grow to the point where there's any population-level drivers to colonise another system.

Moribus said:
Thatchinho is speculating that we've always had the capability to travel pretty much like we do now, in terms of range, and as you know, in three years we've crossed the galaxy and set up colonies far flung from the bubble, discovered aliens on our doorstep (guardians) that were previously unknown etc.

Probably best all round if you leave saying what I'm doing to me, ta.

So, to be clear I am doing the calculations based on what we know, and in addition I am fleshing what we know.

I have at no point said we have always had the capability to travel like we do now in terms of range. My view is that we are our current commercially available travel capability is considerably in excess of what we've had before, and consequently we are experiencing a renaissance and golden age of exploration following a dark age after the loss of quirium.

I've already shown that the total distance coverable per unit time was hundreds of times greater for type 1 drives than type 2bs.

That was based on a 7ly jump range.

FSD is better again, even for a 7ly jump range. Arriving in proximity to the star means the arrive-scoop-jump process will generally be quicker than for a type 1. It's also trivial to show that the general jump range is higher for FSD too - just compare an off-the-shelf Cobra MkIII's jump range to its 7ly jump range with a standard type 1 drive.

So, FSD is the best commercially available multi-use hyperdrives we've seen.

However, there's also non-commercially available and single-use hyperdrives to take into account. Galactic hyperdrives are myth so that's a bit up in the air, but what's 100% lore is Jacques big jump - that was intended to be to Beagle Point so that's a jump of more than 65,000 ly. Even with the jump only going to Colonia that's still in the 10s of thousands of ly. I've not done the working on this part though.

But just looking at normal hyperdrives, the point is that yes, there has been nearly a thousand years of travel. And we have it confirmed that from early days, probes were being sent out and pioneers using it regardless of safety concerns.

Moribus said:
The fact that this is a new thing (we're not doing a TOS era Trek and finding all these "old" human colonies in uncharted space - at all) - that suggests that, despite theoretical limits, there was something that held humanity back for the majority of our hyperdrive-equipped space travel years, and that something no longer does whatever it was doing.

That's not a fact, that's just what you think.

What is fact is that in our current wave of exploration, when we have gone into the distant reaches of galaxies we have found large areas that are permit locked. That provides a pretty strong counterpoint to the idea that we are only discovering those areas for the first time.

Moribus said:
Personally, I feel as though, despite excellent investigations and theorising, old hyperdrive just was really bad and/or slow. Maybe you could travel 20 ly, but you'd probably die and it took a week for the drive to charge up to speed, that sort of thing. We also know that the Dynasty expeditions of the 3270's were groundbreaking in how far they travelled and they had to use cutting-edge technology.
Can't see anything robust to support your feeling I'm afraid.

Moribus said:
So - with just what we know from Lore - without Theorycrafting at all - Humanity for the most part has been limited to the Bubble for most of our 1000 of space travel. Exceptions to that are... exceptional.
This only applies to colonisation, and it only applies to what equates to in-game public knowledge of the extent of colonisation.

Exploration is different.

Again we have the permit locked areas. Then there's the asteroid bases which are fairly far out. All the exploration caches that can be found. The Wayfarers Graveyard...

Moribus said:
In the novels we see that in the 3200's it was possible to travel further - but with difficulty (Rebecca does, the Dynasty expeditions and Project Thunderchild do. Even Moira in a heavily modified ship is capable of leaving the bubble (just, the system she goes to is now well within the bubble)), but that one of the main features of this is that by then we used the 2b Hyperdrive which is stated in Lore to have longer jump ranges.
The travel distance per unit time was very low for type 2b as I've said before. 100s of times smaller than that of a 7ly jump range type 1 and getting towards 1,000s of times smaller than that of an engineered FSD exploration ship.

Moribus said:
Therefore - using strictly Lore Sources - and extrapolating from the lack of humanity anywhere else in the bubble we can say that whatever the reason, it was impossible/massively, hugely unlikely that there was much human exploration outside what we now call the Bubble, and that as you go further back into history, the edges of the bubble were "the Frontier", and prior to that, "uncharted space", etc. etc.
Sorry, but as covered above that's not a valid extrapolation.

Moribus said:
So - Using this, Raxxla MUST be in the bubble.
Doubly so for this, as even if the previous extrapolation was valid, the fact that Raxxla's location is generally unknown means that it's more likely to be out where virtually no one has been, not less likely.