Louis Calvert
Nov 20, 2017
#1,072
All this really asks some odd questions about the empty nature of the galaxy given that we've been hyper-space capable for 1000 years and yet apparently never got that far into the galaxy. The old (pre ED lore) faraway network and later 7ly limit really helped to explain why humanity kept to a very small bubble of stars for the last 1000 years.

Thatchinho is speculating that we've always had the capability to travel pretty much like we do now, in terms of range, and as you know, in three years we've crossed the galaxy and set up colonies far flung from the bubble, discovered aliens on our doorstep (guardians) that were previously unknown etc.

The fact that this is a new thing (we're not doing a TOS era Trek and finding all these "old" human colonies in uncharted space - at all) - that suggests that, despite theoretical limits, there was something that held humanity back for the majority of our hyperdrive-equipped space travel years, and that something no longer does whatever it was doing.

Personally, I feel as though, despite excellent investigations and theorising, old hyperdrive just was really bad and/or slow. Maybe you could travel 20 ly, but you'd probably die and it took a week for the drive to charge up to speed, that sort of thing. We also know that the Dynasty expeditions of the 3270's were groundbreaking in how far they travelled and they had to use cutting-edge technology.

So - with just what we know from Lore - without Theorycrafting at all - Humanity for the most part has been limited to the Bubble for most of our 1000 of space travel. Exceptions to that are... exceptional.

In the novels we see that in the 3200's it was possible to travel further - but with difficulty (Rebecca does, the Dynasty expeditions and Project Thunderchild do. Even Moira in a heavily modified ship is capable of leaving the bubble (just, the system she goes to is now well within the bubble)), but that one of the main features of this is that by then we used the 2b Hyperdrive which is stated in Lore to have longer jump ranges.

Therefore - using strictly Lore Sources - and extrapolating from the lack of humanity anywhere else in the bubble we can say that whatever the reason, it was impossible/massively, hugely unlikely that there was much human exploration outside what we now call the Bubble, and that as you go further back into history, the edges of the bubble were "the Frontier", and prior to that, "uncharted space", etc. etc.

So - Using this, Raxxla MUST be in the bubble.
Last edited: Nov 20, 2017