CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
May 1, 2023
#30,240
Rochester said:
Nysa - home of the Hyades Nymphs

Nysa is in game and situated close to Achenar. Many of the systems in this area have a similar link to concepts of an underworld or lost / sunken kingdoms.

Within the marriage between Persephone (daughter of the goddess Demeter) and the god of the Underworld, Pluto. Nysa proudly boasted a sanctuary of Pluto and Core (Persephone), as well as a cave thought to provide an entrance directly into the Underworld.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
Click to expand...
How close is Baltah'Sine to your path the the Underworld? This featured heavily into Nemorensis. The species there (in the book) seems like a candidate for Raxxlans or a bio-weapon designed by them. Baltah'Sine is also home to the rare good Baltah'sine Vacuum Krill. I believe they parasitized humans into fixing the Talmor Lens. The thing in the book could hijack living things and computers. The last chapter has the story of one of Humanity's rogue AIs.

On that note: Are Vacuum Krill the infant form of Thargoids? Also, was the critter in Nemorensis being controlled by vacuum krill?

This is Baltah'Sine system description:
Most notable feature is a Station: home to approximately 2 million people. Because of its close proximity to all three superpowers it is a crossroads of cultural, financial and political influences. Often used as a place to conduct business and trade which wouldn't be entirely legal in one or more of the factional jurisdictions. It also has a reputation for bohemianism: a place of gap-year students, sexual experimentation, artistic ennui and a general anything-goes-ism.

Baltah'sine Vacuum Krill
Vacuum Krill are astonishing creatures. One of the few species to live in the hard vacuum of space, they are native to the ice rings around Baltah'sine 4b. Their eggs grow in vast numbers in tiny water pockets within the rocks - kept liquid by secretions from the mother when the eggs are first...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com
Last edited: May 1, 2023