ZTiK
Z
Apr 30, 2023
#30,222
KrabMister said:
O7 and thank you!
My point is:
isn't it strange that they said that there would be no hints although they gave us a lot to talk about?
I mean there are clearly some "hints" which points in the direction of telling us it is out there. Maybe the "no hint" thing it's a hint itself!
Maybe we should focus only on what we have in the game!
And probably this has already been said but I would like to confront my thoughts just to be sure!
Another thing I'm trying to analyze is the toast :
"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies.



This is a pretty big hint if you ask me!
I've already read all sorts of hypotesis about this but maybe we didn't look hard enough.
For me the most plausible thing is the theory involving Cassiopea... and the parent's grief, the lover woe I think may be something related to the distance between certain systems... what is the parent's grief? being far away from his son/s or daughter/s and what is the lovers' woe? being far away from each other... I don't really know!
As I said, I think we should go maybe a little back (not meaning that noone should not pursue their own theory of course) because for me the "no hint" thing it just does not make sense.
Click to expand...
No harm in revisiting past conversation, at some point, someone with a fresh perspective will pass by and see the totally obvious clue we're all missing
My thoughts on the toast:

"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies.
The mother of galaxies, i think, are nebulae and gravity
The jewel that burns, sounds like a star to me...
Which nebulae has a 'brow'?
I'm not even sure what a brow could mean in this context, other than an eyebrow?

To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void
The deepest void I can think of, is a black hole, specifically, a super-massive one, like Sag A*
What is its 'siren'? Is there something hidden in the sound spectrum of black holes?
The whisperer in witch-space is another weird clue, is there something hidden in the sound spectrum when making FSD jumps?

The parent's grief, the lover's woe
These both seem to talk about something similar, emotions
I think the lover's woe represents separation or a broken heart while parent's grief represents loss of a child?

And the yearning of our Vagabond Hearts."
No clue here really, i keep coming back to things like love, adventure, discovery, fame, riches
Remember that this is the Dark Wheel toast, and I'm guessing the members yearn for all/most of the above...
I think this last line is effectively meaningless, as in, there are no clues in this line really?

The Dark Wheel supposedly is/was headed by someone in the Ryder family, could it be that someone from this family has written this toast?
Alex Ryders mother, the wife of Jason Ryder, has lost both a lover and a child to the Dark Wheel
There is also an engineer with a relation to the Ryder family (Liz Ryder)...
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian