Jpotter
May 16, 2020
#16,433
So my takeaway from Drew's stream of the Raxxla lore overview is as follows (and nothing new for this thread or myself really):
It is a planet or planet like object
It is in the game and the location is known, this is unless DB and MB flat out lied about what is in the game, which could be possible.... - i.e. Sean Murray
Raxxla has been around since before 2296
Given Hyperspace limitations during that time and known lore, this should limit the possible location to the current day bubble (early in the stream Drew notes maybe around 100ly away from Sol, but late in the stream expands that to basically the entire bubble)
Raxxla has nothing to do with Colonia, Salome, The Formidine Rift, or The Children of Raxxla group
The statement along the lines that - Someone has discovered the system, honked but kept going - has no origin other than hearsay, someone in the chat even mentioned that it was a joke at a fan event. But there is zero evidence there is any truth to anything related to the statement.
The Dark Wheel faction may or may not know where it is, but they are tied into the Raxxla mystery in some way
The Dark Wheel faction in Shinrarta Dezhra may not be the real Dark Wheel, they have notably gone silent and don't give out mysterious missions any longer. Plus, why would a mysterious, secretive group have such a public front. There is also a quote in the Raxxla codex lore that has Felicia Farseer saying from time to time fake The Dark Wheel fronts have popped up and they are quietly shut down. Feels similar to what happened to the in game The Dark Wheel faction or could be that FDev just paused things.

Given all of this, my feeling is that Raxxla is in the game and is some kind of object or slightly interactive ruins located on a land-able planet. I think this planet will be located within 150 lys of Sol, in an uninhabited system that has little value - meaning un-scoopable star types or at least zero potentially terraformable worlds or any worlds with an atmosphere. I don't think simply shooting a probe at the right planet will reveal any clues it is there until it is first found. I think someone will have to track it down by having it's exact coordinates before that will happen. How those coordinates are found - i have zero ideas.....
Last edited: May 16, 2020
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, [PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, rOmiLaYu and 4 others