Jorki Rasalas
May 15, 2020
#16,432
yelboc said:
I bumped into an old hand of this thread - he of the t-shirts (some will know of whom I speak) - he asked if I could remind the prestigious contirbutore of this thread of a few factlets about Luko:



Meanwhile - back to the music

I too have had hair-raising taxi rides in Rome, in the dark, in pouring rain, at 70+mph, about 1.5 metres from the vehicle in front. At least, I suppose, he was almost socially isolating!

I think the name is Luciano Prestigio Giovanni, which does translate from Italian as Luke Prester John. Whether this was originated by DW is, I think, immaterial. The interesting thing is that whoever wrote the Raxxla Codex entry chose to mention Prester John. There is clearly a connection; what the meaning is I can only guess. I’ve just finished re-reading John Buchan’s Prester John story. It was a good tale, though nowadays highly un-PC, but is all about derring do, tension, tests of courage and endurance, and treasure. I suspect that it was a hint that there is treasure to be found in this hunt for Raxxla, but then again maybe it’s just the wonderings of an old space pilot enjoying a lavian brandy or three.

Avoid lavian brandy???? Wash your mouth out with Alya Body Soap you young whippersnapper!

P.S. I’m still exploring my own “personal journey”. I did get an interesting mission pop into my inbox from an unexpected faction. It was a straightforward jump to system/data transfer/jump to destination and deliver mission. The interesting thing was that the pilot who had the data made me travel a few ls from the star. It was quite toasty & I was glad I’d got a heat sink fitted. I did ponder the applicability of “the test of courage and skill”, so after a diversion onto getting a permit I visited the faction and became allied. Didn’t seem to lead anywhere, but I’ll keep my eyes open for any more inbox missions. They seem to have increased in frequency since I got my third elite.
P.P.S. my thumbs and wrists still hurt!
Last edited: May 16, 2020
Reactions:
PeteACarter, Machina Ergo Sum, Vetinari and 2 others