Han_Zen
May 16, 2020
#16,435
Augusta said:
The Club may have already found RAXXLA, if it's a thing at all. Or it may be made up by The Club to throw off The Dark Wheel. The theory is that they both have been at each other for a long time. For what reason? That's anyone's guess. Possibly it's got to do with Raxxla.

YEAH YEAH I KNOW IT ALL: Then skip to "The meaning of Raxxla" section.

Kahina Tijani Loren
The one iconic and public story is with Kahina Tijani Loren, who was most likely a member of The Dark Wheel and her call-sign, "Salomé". She abruptly abandoned her post as senator to expose The Club. Her ship was called the Seven Veils, which is the name of the dance historical Salomé performed for her husband the king, Herod II. In the ship were the name Salome and the emblem of The Dark Wheel. Kahina was also responsible for exposing the existence of The Club, but failed to expose the members of the cabal. After she disappeared mysteriously, she reappeared as "Salomé", leader of The Children of Raxxla. It may be possible that she and The Dark Wheel had found RAXXLA during the time she was missing.

Then, she was framed for attempted assassination on an imperial admiral Denton Patreus, tried as guilty, and was bound to be imprisoned for life. Until unknown forces ambushed her transport, killing her. Possibly The Club's doing, to silence her. They are well known for hiring assassins - ambushing and assassinating explorers and other CMDRs.






For a very long time, The Club has been the shadow council of puppet masters of humanity - for the good of humanity and its survival as they claim. They are THE Illuminati. They've been around since humanity's been blowing each other up on Earth. WW3 may have been The Club's doing as well, to forge a new world order, accelerate technological advancement, and hand powers over to the corporations.

Then came the whole INRA Thargoid War, FSD tech, Sirius Corporation, MetaDrive and Bill Turner the Engineer debacle.

They've known about the Thargoids longer than anyone else, and been trying to prepare humanity against imminent invasion of the Thargoids in civil war. It was one of the core reasons why they started Project Dynasty, launching ships to find earth-like planets.

Yes, they are also the ones who discerned two different factions of the Thargoids, and that they were in civil war. Theory says that the side that was losing is using the humanity's bubble as an obstacle for the pursuing faction, while they flee farther away. And that's who the humanity is at war with now.

It's highly likely that Aegis is The Club's front - which is also an international organization dedicated to developing technologies to fight against the Thargoids. Likely founded and funded by The Club as well.

What The Club excels at is manipulating information. Thargoids used to be mere rumors because they made it so.

Delphi, star system where Aegis is headquartered, is taken after an ancient Greek city headed by the Oracle, hence The Oracle station in Delphi. More importantly, in the city of Delphi, there was an "omphalos", which is a navel. Consequently, the rumored rift in RAXXLA is also called the Omphalos Rift. It's likely that The Club was responsible for the renaming of Delphi star system from Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55, and also named the rift and spread it like the rumor, and it caught on among CMDRs. Supporting that is the fact that The Club had previously manipulated explorers and exploited the Universal Cartographics, just as they do with information. This is also why The Dark Wheel hates The Club, and they probably had Kahina to expose The Club's existence.



Raxxla - Might not be Raxxla at all. Raxxla was mentioned as early as year 2296 off of Art Tornqvist's journal.

It may be an Earth's astronomer who had first discovered "it". He/She may or may not have named "it". Instead, codified it so only he/she and select few can discern what it really means, due to the machinations of The Club's meddling. The astronomer may have been assassinated for all we know. But it may have somehow leaked around scientific community and became this mythical "thing" or "place" in space. And in the future, it became something space-farers can use as figurative thing, much like in the tone of Art Tornqvist, and became part of certain "saying" among CMDRs.

"Cora comes home soused and raving with wild stories, a new one every night. She claims she's found a map to some pirate stash, and all I have to do is loan her my ship so we can go dig it up. Maybe we should go find Raxxla while we're at it!"

— From the journal of Art Tornqvist, circa 2296


It is also likely that a major event had occurred in finding "this", and that it was a major discovery in astronomy. But effectively silenced by The Club.

We need to also consider this from the humanity's home, Earth's point of view, grounded in present(past) scientific knowledge, rather than look through the eyes of Elite Dangerous and its lores.



stands for "Right Ascension".
"Right ascension is the angular distance of a particular point measured eastward along the celestial equator from the Sun at the March equinox to the point in question above the earth."

is 20 in Roman numerals.

could be many things. Such as: acronym, measurement for latitude which is unlikely etc.

I have also considered the fact that it could be X and XL. But dismissed it. Perhaps someone else can discern that.

Constellation group in the is as follows:

I have done some process of elimination with the help of my boyfriend/fiance because we are bored af right now.


I drank a little so I don't quite remember the reason why we came to a conclusion that these star systems are the likely candidates for a thorough exploration and search. Probably something to do with Keplar 22b being in Deneb...

But someone go search those places RIGHT NOW! And if you find Omphalos, GIVE ME CREDIT!
Click to expand...
Good summary by you and Jpotter. As expected there was nothing new from Drew, but it's always good with clarification.

Vulpecula could definitively cover the mid point between the two birds (Cygnus the swan and Aquila the eagle) and intersection with the RA 20h line. I think Dumbell nebula is a fair estimate of direcction.

Even Lyra is known as a bird in many cultures. Often the vulture. This makes things a bit more unclear (if that is possible ) .

The Summer triangle region on the RA 20h line, is at least very interesting.
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, [PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Augusta and 3 others