Adel
A
Dec 26, 2023
#32,757
Edelgard von Rhein said:
Purisaz. This keeps cropping up and it has been bugging me, so I took my multirole Anaconda, which has recently been re-engineered to tackle low CZ, out there and mapped all the bodies in the system (the planets are all 100+ KLs away).

One interesting thing happened, though it is certainly not unique: I picked up a Mission Signal Source Detected right after mapping the innermost planet (all three planets in the system are ringed gas giants and one has two tritium hotspots which is probably why there were a couple of Fleet Carriers out there). This led to a Trade Beacon with a T9 called Ariel and an anonymous contact offering 2 MCr or similar rewards in materials or reputation for me to deliver 45t of Bismuth to one of the Odyssey planetary ports in the system. It has been a long while since I last saw one and I usually ignore them since I'm doing other things but this seemed like an odd thing to happen in this system of all places to I popped back to Shinrarta Dezhra (1 jump either way even with the cargo) where there is a surface port with a Refinery economy selling it and I duly delivered it. I got a warning about people coming after me but was not interdicted, though I saw a message in chat saying they were after me. There was nothing special about completing the mission (other than what I think is a bug whereby you are fired on for landing in a ship that is a bit too big for the pad), sadly but at least I got 3 Biotech Conductors for my trouble.

There was nothing interesting showing up as a result of my mapping everything, so I proceeded to the nearest system, Didavas, and will explore the other close by systems - in The Ragthorn, the thorn rune surrounds interesting passages, as a marker, so perhaps I am supposed to look in a system nearby. The closest uninhabited system is Crucis Sector EL-Y c18, 9.40 LY away.
Click to expand...
This is random POI that appears when you stay too long inside a populated system.
"Ariel" (npc name) is always there, offering "better prices than regular ones".
IIRC, it is a dead end, just an alternative scenario of trading.