Jorki Rasalas
Mar 15, 2021
#21,999
Ton618 666 said:
I did read the darkwheel, but it was about 11 pages on the internet so not sure if i read the whole lot, do you think it was a bad decision to kill her? Maybe she was one of the significant links to the darkwheel and raxxla?

The Dark Wheel was the novella written by Robert Holdstock (a nom de plume) and accompanied the original Elite game in 1984. It can be found on line ( 8 chapters) at
Elite: The Dark Wheel
He invented the word Raxxla and it featured in one of his earlier books (The Alien World by Stephen Eisler) under another name where he had an alien race, the Oisir-Raxxla, who built Talmor Lens installations throughout the universe (including pyramids in Egypt) to manipulate time and space. See
Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/8a6nl2/a_missing_raxxla_link_please_just_hear_me_out/


Frontier, as part of the marketing and lore development for Elite Dangerous (“Elite 4”) set up a scheme whereby selected authors could gain access to some inside knowledge on ED timeline and background. They produced the “official books” which convey some of the lore behind the game and add colour to the game universe; they are available through the Frontier store and hardcopy of some via Amazon etc. They are “official” because they were proof read by FD to ensure they aligned with the game lore. The authors were told to stay away from the topics of Raxxla, Thargoids, anti-gravity and (I think) time travel but not 100% sure about the last one.

One of those authors was Drew Wagar, who had also written some earlier fan fiction books (Mutabilis etc based on lore from the earlier Elite games, available free from his website, also good reads but NOT canon for ED!). He wrote two official books Elite Reclamation and Elite Premonition where the main character was Salomé. That led to the Formidine Rift mystery and The Club’s Dynasty plot. You can google those if you don’t want to get the books, but they are a good read, as are the other official books. One of his characters was the Old Lady, who turned out to be Rebecca Weston, a character he carried across from his fan fiction series of books. FD saw the player interest in Salomé, included some Galnet articles about her, and organised the big in-game event where she died. This was decided by player actions. The event was mired in controversy due to some background politicking and surreptitious gameplay, coupled with instancing limitations of the game’s design which was not intended for such large scale events. They also can all be googled.

I didn’t take part in the event due to RL commitments, I liked Salomé as an interesting character but she was rather spoiled, immature and selfish; I neither support nor denigrate the decision to kill her, it was decided by player action as Drew intended, but the game does seem a bit flat without that type of storyline. She was recruited into the Dark Wheel by Rebecca, you need to read the books! I don’t think they contain any real clues to the version of TDW or location of Raxxla (whatever it is) in the game, but one character did say the DW faction in Shinrarta Dezhra is a convenient front for the Real Dark Wheel and mentioned them spinning on the outer rim- which may or may not refer to one of the original Elite missions from TDW in Shinrarta (see first page of this thread where Macros puts all the evidence found). Since the books were proof read by FD this cannot contradict FD’s internal lore (or could it? ).

Happy reading!
Last edited: Mar 15, 2021
Reactions:
Exekrator, Dr. Lexus, TrillClinton and 3 others