Rochester
May 14, 2024
#34,071
Legacy potential clues?

With M Brookes book Elite Legacy a number of star systems are directly named, amongst those which are in game the following isn’t, the Beaumont system.

“Bring up the Beaumont insurrection from 3294” Hammer form Elite Legacy.

The Beaumont insurrection was noted as being in 3294, and that named system being far below Achenar, a populated system and a mining base in an asteroid belt ~500ls from a populated planet.

The name in French means beautiful mountain. I believe this is highly relevant.

Does this systems detailed description and its omission from game advocate a hidden relevance, or does it simply identify inconsistency?

If we look for ‘asteroid stations’ below Achenar, the closest fall within the Lost Realms zone for the ‘Avalon’ and ‘Lyonesse’ systems? Further down there likewise is a small pocket of penal colonies?

Note that the path of the Brookes Tours intersect this area, close too are various systems which have bodies named after Celtic mountains, and this particular alignment is in the lowest nook of these mountain systems, and further still, a system named Michel (French for Michael) and another system which is the Egyptian ‘guardian of the east gate’ is also in this area - is this intentional?



An omphalos rift may simply mean ‘mountain rift’ as the term was used to describe raised mounds, hills or mountains. This may have relevance given the Celtic belief system linked to liminal locations, in that such a rift or valley may actually relate to a passage to an Otherworld.

So is it, that rather than looking for a mountain we may be looking for a valley or someplace between mountains?

Animation below shows how Lyonesse nestles in the nook of the Mountains!



Likewise, there is another system named in Elite Legacy which might be of interest, its far above the action going on in Artemis: LP 98-132 and could potentially fall within the hypothetical zone between the Empyrean and the realm of Chaos, it likewise is underneath Sheela na gig and those systems linked to fortune, and relatively close to Styx!

The system in the book was unremarkable…

Last edited: Jul 10, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae and El Saico