Rochester
Jan 10, 2022
#25,084
Jorki Rasalas said:
@Rochester : I concur with your analysis with a couple of provisos:
The codex phrasing about the TDW station being in orbit around 8th moon of a Gas Giant is, IMHO, partially or wholly false. The phrasing says “According to self-professed Dark Wheel expert Lyta Crane ... ... ... rival experts have accused Crane of forging her evidence in order to maintain the revenue from her billions of followers.” I think this is intentionally throwing doubt over the claim.

If it is wholly incorrect then there is nothing to deduce, but if it is partially correct, for instance it is orbiting a moon of a GG that is the 8th planet fits Neptune in Sol. Neptune fits the Oberon and Neptune names of Alex Ryders sons, which seems a likely device for FD to use. TDW has been in existence since the start of space exploration, and it is a very old station, hence I think it may end up being in orbit in Sol at Neptune when it is placed into the game. I agree it is a narrative device, and probably intended to be a fallback storyline leading to Raxxla in case we do not find it first. FD want Raxxla to be found, but want to make the Quest difficult. This was effectively stated by MB (see my quotes thread) when he said “it’s something in the game world and very hard to find...it’s not a random thing....anyone can find it and more than once” (this quote was taken from images which someone provided on the IRH Discord of early (2014) forum chat. I’ve searched formthe original conversation but couldn't find it, presumably lost in the great forum revamp that FD did a few years ago. Maybe too much was being recorded!).

So Raxxla in-game and unlikely to be permit-locked, but TDW is in-game. I think this is the reason for saying it’s dark-it insulates them from the inevitable salt when (if!!) it is eventually inserted in-game at an obvious location which has been visited many times by many people.

However couple the above with the rumour (I tend to believe it) that the system Raxxla is in has been visited but it was not detected. To me it becomes clear that either Raxxla is disguised as something very ordinary (“we dont know it is”) and has been ignored to date (I’ve been working on this hypothesis recently), or it is obvious but very hard to locate. I am coming round to the latter hypothesis once more. Ive postulated before that it could be 2060 Chiron from interpretation of the Raxxla logo. It could be anywhere in its orbit in Sol, which is difficult to follow, you could have to be very close to detect it, anyone could find it and it could be found more than once.

I need to put some more work into disproving my current theory, but I’ll post it then, after which I may go back to looking in Sol...
Or I may be forced to take up SC!! There’s only so much fernweh a Jorkshireman can take!
Click to expand...
Yes I concur as well. A very valid point which I have now included.

In all honesty the report is a partly loaded assessment aimed to get people thinking.

I have a number of biased assumptions about this whole search, based upon personal experience in dealing with how people make statements and behavioural analysis of other evidence etc which if I took as valid (which I cannot without any supporting evidence nor comparison) I would actually mark all evidence much lower, and go so far to say both Raxxla and the Dark Wheel are not currently active.

The lowest common denominator would assume the worst, yet FD provide evidence to the contrary.

However with the absence of such evidence such bias cannot be correctly trusted so instead I have to treat FD statements and the codex for that matter as positive confirmation, and logic dictates that at least the DW is a narrative device and Raxxla is in game and currently accessible.

Exactly what it is can’t really be confirmed. I do suspect the statement related to Lavecon has some veracity, and if ever confirmed would identify Raxxla as an astronomical object which can be scanned…! Of course there could be more to this but anything more is pure speculation off unknown/ untrusted information.

Any such report is of course for consideration only, it is up to the reader to make their own conclusions, or propose further insight to expand the key findings.
Last edited: Jan 10, 2022
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas