Louis Calvert
Dec 10, 2022
#28,361
John [Panzertard] Stoutbeard said:
I still think we need to pick the genships as (all including the ignored ones) has shown.
Go one place, find something, then a new direction - repeat - perhaps triangulating a bit.

In all of this, there may be some leads in the text (toast) itself that needs some out of the box thinking.
Like the toast cloud be a number-station message - or something we find along the way. It's out in the open, but some of it may need decoding.
The issue I'm having with the Gen ship idea - and this is purely from my need to make Raxxla "fit in the narrative" rather that exist as a meta-puzzle is: how would the Dark Wheel toast include the Generation ships that hadn't been discovered yet?

Are we assuming here that the Dark Wheel discovered the Generations ships at some point in the past and built a complex set of crypic cues around them? If so, then their locations may not actually matter since some of them are still moving - maybe where they were when DW found them isn't where they are now, etc.

Or are we saying here that the Raxxla Codex doesn't need to make sense in-game and we should treat it as a meta-clue that doesn't need to be grounded in the game reality itself? (I don't like that idea lol)

We've also previously discussed whether the Dark Wheel actually know where Raxxla is?

If the Dark Wheel are still searching for Raxxla (as is implied in the Codex) then the Toast doesn't actually lead to Raxxla - it maybe something more like a vague hope or a sort of "this is what we've got" set of info, in which case the fact that it doesn't seem to lead anywhere and seems like it can be applied to many different things sort of make sense. The Toast may actually not have a solution.

... I suppose I'm not convinced that the Gen ships have anything to do with it just because there's some connections in some of the logs - because there's connections elsewhere (like the Formidine Rift expedition, maybe Haley, maybe Jaques, the omphalos-delphi-pleiades connections). There's actually too many things that do match parts of the Toast and parts of the Codex...

I suppose like you were saying earlier, I feel like we need something that really strongly indicates the Gen ships are involved. For example... has anyone suggested how the first line of the Toast relates to gen ships?

"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! "

Really don't want to be a downer, just trying to ground this in solid research
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and Edelgard von Rhein