John Stoutbeard
Dec 10, 2022
#28,365
Jorki Rasalas said:
@John [Panzertard] Stoutbeard

I don’t wish to discuss my fantasies
I have already been warned about making a mild joke......


But the last 1400 pages haven’t been fantasy. There have been a lot of interesting hypotheses raised and tested. The fact that we havent discovered anything just reflects on the quality of clues we have been basing those hypotheses on!

Now, where is my deerstalker and pipe...
Click to expand...
Ahh man
As I said, just kidding, was trying to lighten the mood.
Absolutely agree with you, it's sound speculation.

Louis Calvert said:
The issue I'm having with the Gen ship idea - and this is purely from my need to make Raxxla "fit in the narrative" rather that exist as a meta-puzzle is: how would the Dark Wheel toast include the Generation ships that hadn't been discovered yet?

Are we assuming here that the Dark Wheel discovered the Generations ships at some point in the past and built a complex set of crypic cues around them? If so, then their locations may not actually matter since some of them are still moving - maybe where they were when DW found them isn't where they are now, etc.

Or are we saying here that the Raxxla Codex doesn't need to make sense in-game and we should treat it as a meta-clue that doesn't need to be grounded in the game reality itself? (I don't like that idea lol)

We've also previously discussed whether the Dark Wheel know where Raxxla is?

If the Dark Wheel are still searching for Raxxla (as is implied in the Codex) then the Toast doesn't lead to Raxxla - it maybe something more like a vague hope or a sort of "this is what we've got" set of info, in which case the fact that it doesn't seem to lead anywhere and seems like it can be applied to many different things sort of make sense. The Toast may actually have a solution.

... I suppose I'm not convinced that the Gen ships have anything to do with it just because there's some connections in some of the logs - because there's connections elsewhere (like the Formidine Rift expedition, maybe Haley, maybe Jaques, the omphalos-delphi-pleiades connections). There's actually too many things that do match parts of the Toast and parts of the Codex...

I suppose like you were saying earlier, I feel like we need something that really strongly indicates the Gen ships are involved. For example... has anyone suggested how the first line of the Toast relates to gen ships?

"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! "

Really don't want to be a downer, just trying to ground this in solid research
Click to expand...
It's a good point.
The codex was introduced with the Beyond release Oct/Nov 2018 (after the genships?), including the Raxxla entry. We don't know if the Toast was written before this time or not, or even if it leads to Raxxle or something else.
Common sense would say they didn't know about the Genships. I tend to agree with you there. But ...

But we can assume both PF and TDW are made of shade people to some degree.
These shady people (as per multiple narratives) could have known about these ships.
Although it is a bit problematic to know for sure, as producers/designers/authors have been replaced through the narrative of Raxxla.

.. (I see people reply while I type, so I'll stop mine here and catch up) ...
Reactions:
Rochester, Jorki Rasalas and Louis Calvert