John Stoutbeard
Dec 10, 2022
#28,369
Louis Calvert said:
I don't know if you saw my post a while back on my "cold read" of the Codex using only simple knowledge and top-level reading. I basically ended up at Delphi and connected it the the Thargoids. Quite a few other people over the years have come to the same conclusions too. Delphi being renamed on the same day the Codex dropped is... suggestive... and containing the station named "The Oracle".... etc.etc.
Didn't know about your post, but I do know that "loop", been through the same issues as you - could not get further.
Personally I reject a bit of the "hearsay" such as the Omphalos Rift (I fear a red herring) for now, unless something else makes it snap into place.
But I'm not here to convince you to change your mind (bad idea) - keep your mind open, play with all alternatives and new ground you find.

Louis Calvert said:
If interpretations of the Toast relating to the Formidine Rift (plagued with Thargoid-like interactions) and Jaques comment about the UA's singing in hyperspace (sirens). The fact that a lot of the Raxxla Codex seems to lean towards Greek Myth, and a lot relating to the Thargoids leans that way too... it all seems to come together.
Also a quite open ended idea. At least in with a "back to basics" I would try to make it fit with the Toast (whatever it could lead us to).
Anything else in the Codex may or may not be true - only when I see supporting facts (actual things in game) that supports those other paragraphs I may use them.

"fernweh" works with the idea of Vagabonds and many of the ships being sent out in the galaxy, one direction or for other purposes.
Which ships, which direction - well let's keep pondering and testing things ingame to see if it sticks.

I was thinking putting together a "basic list of initiatives" so we could sort of those 'most promising ideas'.
... But first other tasks like getting some materials for the AX wpns ... grrriiind ...
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein and Louis Calvert