Jorki Rasalas
Mar 10, 2022
#25,585
I left my explorer Phantom at Jacques, sideycided back from Colonia and picked up my Krait2. I’ve been looking in Ejagham for a couple of days, though not found anything yet.
Reason-toast destination clue answers likely are given in-game:
jewel on the brow of the mother of galaxies (Sol, Galnet 14 June 3301 https://news.galnet.fr/simguru-offers-to-share-tomorrow-today/“Sol is the birthplace of our race, the shining jewel of our galaxy” & Sol faction Gaia was the mother of everything in Greek myth, including of Uranus the Sky)
To the whisperer in witch-space (Sirius), the siren of the deepest void (Sirius/Lucifer-Paradise Lost?)
The parent's grief (not got a candidate for this, some system between Sirius and Ejagham?)
the lover's woe (Ejagham Tourist Beacon #0315 is the only original beacon that mentions lovers).

Also the original Horizons start menu pic (now obfuscated, but still briefly shows occasionally!) depicts an old style twin-ring station (definitely matches the codex TDW logo) viewed from a twin icy moon. The twin moons Ejagham 4c&d are icy, though the pic moon surface is IMHO better matched by one of the other planet 4 moons. Cant match the star background, but likely FD have manipulated the image to make that difficult- I think the depicted orbital geometry is not realistic; the Ejagham star is an F type which could match that pic. I’ve looked around all planet 4’s moons but can see no station. Ive looked at nearby systems with O to F stars & not found anything that matches as well. Perhaps my missing step is affecting things?

Edit: forgot to say from Galmap Sol, Sirius and Ejagham are close to a straight line, consistent with journey directions. Ejagham is not far from Achenar, and Achenar was founded shortly after the date of the first Raxxla rumour.
Edit2: there’s a Siren system, must check this afternoon to see if this might also fit into this hypothesis. Ah, RL gets in the way of gaming!
Edit3: Ejagham has no comets as far as I can see
Last edited: Mar 10, 2022
Reactions:
Macros Black, Rochester, Adel and 1 other person