CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 7, 2022
#27,716
Louis Calvert said:
"2151 - Following the return of an interstellar probe sent to the Tau Ceti system, the first human colony outside of Sol is established in Tau Ceti on Tau Ceti 3, where the first alien life is also discovered."

"Achenar was charted and settled in 2292 by a colonial mission led by Marlin Duval, who sought to establish an independent government outside the rigid bureacracy and social conformity of the Federation."

These dates appear in-game, and therefore we must treat them as facts unless/until there's anything that shows otherwise.

I can't find any solid information on when Duval's expedition Earth though.

---------------
If you're attempting to calculate pre-faraway FTL speeds, I think your best option is this the Beta Hydri info that highlighted that you talked about before:


I think that's the most granular definition of military ship travel speed over distance I've seen - although it's later than 2296 so there should be some assumption that maybe "speeds" of hyperdrive had improved slightly since 2296.

This also clearly shows how difficult travel over distance was.
Click to expand...
2097. It is stated but only indirectly (only the year is mentioned) so you have to do a bit of piecing things together. In First Encounters journals it is stated plainly, she left on the Mayflower 97 which was the first generation ship. See "Galactic News: Generation Ships".

Correction it was less clear than I had remembered. The Mayflower 97 does drop folks off at Tau Ceti and then departs to regions unknown. It is the prime candidate for Achenar's colonization or ships traveling with it.

---
COLONY SHIP DETECTED
S.L.A.M

Astronomers using Excessively Long Baseline Interferometry (ELBI) to conduct a survey of distant radio sources believe that they may have detected the "Mayflower 97" slower-than-light colony ship, which was launched from orbit around Luna in 2097.

ELBI remains a somewhat inexact science, because receiving stations are placed so far apart that considerations of simultaneity become an issue in interpreting the results, but the patterns received by the Distant Radio Survey group do indeed appear to show radio emissions characteristic of a Bussard ramjet moving with a relativistic velocity of almost 60% of the speed of light. The "Mayflower 97" carried nearly a thousand passengers and crew, plus domestic animals and extensive gene banks to aid in the colonisation of Earth-like worlds which were presumed to exist around nearby stars.

Archaeological evidence suggests that it did indeed successfully reach its first port of call at Tau Ceti, but the fate of both ship and crew thereafter was unknown until now.

The ship's tremendous speed in real space makes it Impractical to attempt a rendezvous, so the "Mayflower" will presumably be left to continue on its way, bearing with it any descendants of its original complement.
Last edited: Nov 7, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert