Rochester
Nov 7, 2022
#27,707
This why you don’t ask such questions, they won’t get answered. You have to ask practical questions based on RL impact.

Example:

Is Raxxla in game, is the DW real, is the invite real etc are all types of questions which open FD to problems because if elements are either progression or narratively locked then they are in danger of giving out cheats / workarounds.

But… if you ask sensible questions like.

The codex states A, but this statement is counterintuitive because you stated on date X this to be true/false, then you advocate X type of behaviour which is counter productive or promotes activity which is detrimental to players wellbeing (eg waste of their time chasing ghosts).

Option A gets a cold shoulder where as option B gets a scratched head, this might 9 times out of 10 not get escalated and given a explanation.

You also have to apply sensible/ sensitive RL applications, otherwise this will get misconstrued as interrogation (which it is).

If we were to question FD over LAWD26 you have to keep to the facts and how these are detrimental to the game or player,

Eg the existence of A identifies a potential bug, however such a bug is so unique to establish that it is not a bug, however it’s existence is counterintuitive to factual science and goes against you promoted ideals of scientific accuracy, we don’t want to waste development time on such a simple bug, but can it be identified as intentional?

Or you ask a question about how said elements are built, approaching the problem differently, enquiring how said elements are built but then identify the anomaly, which questions the mechanisms to create said elements, is this intentional or not.

If they state - it’s intentional you have half your question answered. You then ask why is it intentional, in a follow up question posed some time later, utilise their own words to ascertain if said intention is cosmetic…. So on and so forth…this takes time.

This is how I got FD to confirm the DW missions were removed, how the Trinkets were involved, but no longer active, how this was linked to a ‘story’ now archived.

Until that point these elements were still potentially active within the community and players were chasing ghosts.

Bugs exist in game, dead-ends exist in game. If there is a practical and above all applicable solution to identify dead-ends, bugs or counterintuitive instructions (likely caused by historical goal-post changes, agendas differing) then you can better focus your resources where they are most needed, either to find new ‘reliable’ information or identify intelligence gaps.
Last edited: Nov 7, 2022
Reactions:
Cunder