Rochester
Nov 7, 2022
#27,703
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
The core problem with Raxxla is understanding whatever Raxxla may be is a huge matter of debate. It helps not one bit that understanding the larger story of Elite Dangerous involves a not insignificant amount of misinformation. Some of it intentionally due to propaganda and still others unintentionally via so much changes rapidly that old mixes with new. Realistically, the only way to do is analyze everything we thought we know and see where that leaves us. Just getting this far was not easy. I just hope that if anything this gives us a framework where we can honestly start evaluating why some things got obfuscated and others didn't. Only in knowing what happened in the past, can we properly evaluate what we are told in the present and determine which path that leads down. Raxxla seems to exist so early as a rumor as to indicate that if it were found at that point, it would have had a profound impact. It would, quite frankly, be relieving if the group that found it could be located so we had some idea of what precisely we are searching for exactly.
That as maybe true to a RL situation, as counter intelligence can be mapped and as with reliable data, given a reliability score and compare it with existing intelligence to identify inaccuracies or bias.

But this is a game, which as has been stated to contain lore which is not intentionally progressive - but retrospective, or nostalgic. One cannot apply such robust intelligence processes to ED for this reason because of the known flaws. The lore is not the law, this game takes liberties to to suit its current narrative.

Much of the projected narrative, such as Galnet is by the admission of David Braben potentially false, NPC lie; political manipulation in other words does go on, but this intention is not IMOP narrative based, but developer based.

To truly understand the machine behind all this IS possible to map; the Clubs existence was relationship mapped, but it’s a tall order, that requires total apolitical separation and scientific distance - if someone feels up to that, go ahead, but it’s a time consuming endeavour which may lead nowhere….in RL this is not a practical use of an intelligence operatives time, they deal with finite known facts with a high level of reliability which mapped ‘current’ activity.

Data goes out of date in RL; thus it is given a reliable score, this score goes down based upon it being known and trustworthy, time is also a factor, if it is too low it is not included with an analysis.

FD ultimately are not following a set direction, true they have a ten year narrative, but IMOP that is a very loose affair with only the milestones pinned down, the day-to-day I suspect is flexible, because FD do change their minds, they alter the narrative / BGS to suit their objectives, and these objectives are based upon their RL needs - not lore.
Last edited: Nov 7, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert