Cunder
C
Nov 7, 2022
#27,706
Best question is "if any astronomical bugs maybe be impeding important factors of progress that help move this game along."
Rochester said:
In regards to LAWD 26 I actually contacted FD Support regarding this very issue.

Now Support is Support, they are not Developers, so many of their responses will not have a grounding on known facts, but are practical.

I gave them a pretty solid question very similar to what @Jorki Rasalas has already prescribed. They gave me a semi long response back (I can post if required), that basically stated it sounded like a bug, and so not important enough to throw past the Dev team - best report it as a bug.

I don’t accept that as definitive truth. as we ourselves have identified that Support have limited knowledge - if you asked Support tomorrow about the DW missions they will state they are working and active, this has been proven to be false, likely because Support are not told everything.

But the process of reporting a bug - both via the bug report system and in the official forums (not here in Lore) and via the Com Dev inbox, is a viable one, which might get a FD response, if not at least increase players interest.

There are numerous astronomical bugs in game, it is not outside the realms of belief that such an anomaly can exist and is simply due to human oversight.

I say we test it by reporting it as a bug and via the Com Dev team, highlighting the scientific inaccuracies not it’s relevance to Raxxla and see what that shakes up.
Click to expand...
Best question is "if any astronomical bugs maybe be impeding important factors of progression that help move this game along." I doubt it maybe the case, but if they don't (the developer) check on it themselves then we may never know part of the game is actually broken. It's another issue about this as well... you will not hire a QA to check on something they seem to want to keep very secretive. So the knowledge of access has to be very limited. So again we maybe not sure if there is a bug to Raxxla or not because.. well no one wants to confirm it's accessible as it should be.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert