Ian Doncaster
Aug 28, 2024
#34,662
Jorki Rasalas said:
I don't think you can rely on the relative scale In that codex pic, odds are it's been manipulated.
Sure, it might have been photoshopped together from two or three unrelated objects. But I prefer my wild-goose chases to be somewhat bounded, and the number of 8th-moons where you could get a non-manipulated version of that picture within 1000 LY of Sol is somewhat countable, and the number of 8th moons around any sort of M-class star is definitely not. As with it being an 8th moon of a gas giant rather than the dark side of a ringed tidally-locked rocky planet, it feels more narratively satisfying if you could, having found the station, take that picture. If it's not supposed to be accurate, why not do what they've done for most of the Codex entries and just paint something instead to make it clear that it is more impressionist?

At a brief check, 8th moons seem to be present in about 4% of systems; just within the broad sphere of the bubble there's probably well over 3000 of those. I'm not going to be able to check all of those. Combining that with "and the system has a red giant" reduces it to 30-ish within 1000 LY of Sol, which is something I can actually check out.

(Judging from the mapped/footfall tags on the five red giants I've checked out so far, at least I'm trying a mostly-new kind of wild goose chase here, which since the previous kinds haven't worked has to be worth a go.)

Louis Calvert said:
That means the Dark Wheel didn't make the starport somewhere and hide it, they took over one that was already there and hid it further.

Also consider the logistics to build a space-station. It's not the kind of thing you casually throw up, even in 3300. There has to be a reason to make one in the first place. Large starships are functionally mobile starports. We know from the lore that early interstellar ships were large with up to thousands of crew and much cargo (similar to the Gen ships) - so it seems like a starport is only really useful if you're seeing a lot of traffic, or need somewhere to store a lot of people or cargo out of a gravity well.
I'm considering "scientific research" base or similar as an option there. Project to do some research on an unusual (by the standards of 2200) system at close range, there long enough for a starport to be useful to hold personnel and supplies precisely because hyperspace commuting isn't practical in those days, once the project ends it's not economical to ship the starport back so it's just left around and the Dark Wheel quietly steal it at that point because no-one's going to check.
Reactions:
Planewalker, Macros Black, Rochester and 1 other person