Louis Calvert
Aug 28, 2024
#34,661
The Empire was founded by an incredibly wealthy industrialist using their entire wealth to fund a fleet - essentially a government level fleet in terms of funding. It was known to be a hard journey and had losses along the way.

"Marlin Duval vowed to get as far from Earth as she could, and after a long and treacherous journey across what was then unexplored space, most of the convoy eventually reached the Achenar system."
- Galnet: Birth of an Empire

This overall discussion is less about "was it possible for X to get 100+ lightyears from Sol in the 22nd Century" as it is a question about the 'why' of a group setting up a 'dark' station to operate from - because yes, people could travel relatively far from Sol with varying degrees of difficulty given money and purpose.

It would have been technically possible for the early DW to establish a base anywhere within a few hundred lightyears of Sol if they really wanted to - but that's not what we're told they did.

The Codex says the "original group was based in a disused starport"

Disused.

That means, presumably, that the starport was built and used by someone, then became disused, and then was taken over by the Dark Wheel, who presumably maintained the cover that it was still disused.

That means the Dark Wheel didn't make the starport somewhere and hide it, they took over one that was already there and hid it further.

Also consider the logistics to build a space-station. It's not the kind of thing you casually throw up, even in 3300. There has to be a reason to make one in the first place. We can only speculate about why the starport became disused - but it was built by some group for a reason, probably to serve the local population, and they had a good enough reason to invest in that starport in the first place.

All that feeds into the idea that the DW starport must have been near Sol - within the early group of fist-settled colonies and nearby worlds, or on a trade route between those colonies.

As I've said many times before, also consider why it needed to be 'dark'. If you're off the edge of the map anyway there's no real reason to hide it, at least until the expanding frontier eventually catches up to you. But if you're in an already populated system, or very near one, then hiding your base makes more sense.

All this points towards the high probability that the DW starport was located in Sol itself, or one of the nearby early colonies. Tau Ceti is a high probability IMO as the second-oldest established colony.
Last edited: Aug 28, 2024
Reactions:
Planewalker and simulacrae