Ozric
Volunteer Moderator
Dec 17, 2022
#28,488
Edelgard von Rhein said:
Completed my run of the Yggdrasil course (undertaken in a Cobra MkIII):
start: Jotunheim, Big Harry's Monkey Hangout
Vanir, McClintock Dock
Niflheimri, Roentgen Settlement
Nidanga, Bodgett Colony
Muspelheim
Midgard, Rontgen Port
Hel, Jones Orbital
Asgaa, Wheeler Horizons
Alfheim, Panshin Enterprise
Bifrost, Godwin Hangar
I docked at all the above stations.
Then I flew to Delphi and docked at Donar's Oak.
Within Delphi I flew to the Thargoid Structure and activated the Thargoid Map using the Thargoid Probe and one of the Thargoid Sensors I had carried throughout and a locally-acquired Thargoid Link.
This gave me two Unknown messages, both with the same text, saying that they cannot be resolved. I cannot hear anything when played but so far I only tried while at the Structure in my SRV.
I have since returned to The Oracle.
I have never managed to use a Thargoid Link properly and am not sure how to use the Unknown messages.
I am thinking about travelling to Polaris or Witch's Reach but I suspect this is the normal behaviour of a Thargoid Structure when the Map is activated. I have kept the Sensors, Probe and Link if anyone else would like to attempt this.

It was good fun, though I would have finished next to bottom from looking at the final leaderboard of the race. I had to jump quickly as having cargo meant I often had a pirate appear and I also got hyperdicted on what should have been my jump into Delphi after getting a neutron boost from the secondary star at 98 K Tauri, so I lost the boost and had to jump back normally (I had prepared for the eventuality by packing a shutdown field neutraliser and a heat sink and my ship can also manage 625 m/s on boost).

If the systems have to be visited in a specific order, this will be trickier. I might have to have another look at a picture of Michael Brookes' tattoo and see if I can work it out but for today I am too tired.
Click to expand...
I had to go back and find the picture, but I hope you performed your blot to Odin

Reactions:
Macros Black