Rochester
Dec 10, 2023
#32,432
Jorki Rasalas said:
I don't think they map to Rochester's hypothesis at all; the Guardian and Thargoid regions of the ED Milky Way are outside the areas that Rochester seems to be postulating. It seems that MB took aspects of several mythologies and used them to name various systems that are within the ED human bubble. I keep trying (currently without success) to map this hypothesis against this diagram from the Astronomy of Milton's poetry (see Project Gutenberg ebook https://www.gutenberg.org/files/28434/28434-h/28434-h.htm ). I need to see this overlaid to understand how the hypothesis might lead to Raxxla...
Very much the case

However I do believe it IS that Miltonian model which has been applied - however it is rather more tiered, like this:



Sometime ago I postulated that the Yggdrasil tree in game was not upon an atypical up/down alignment, but is likewise tiered.

Personally - I try an look at this way… I build GIS maps all day, it’s easy, if I was to try an build this, I would look to replicate this perfectly… However I would be very aware that in game such a huge system would be very easy to identify, Also Brookes very likely was not GIS trained, he did mention he was ‘no academic’ and very likely built all this in spreadsheet…. secondly many of these stories don’t attribute themselves to a clear up/down alignment as shown in this image. So I fell they were tiered.



Don’t get me wrong, I prefer this version, because it marries the science and mathematics Milton outlined in Paradise Lost, but these maps were developed after the fact in an attempt to make sense of his cosmological model…and there was a fair level of abstraction too in Milton, objects were huge and small at the same time, near or far etc… in one sense Milton described Hell as being 3 semi diameters in distance to that of heaven in relation to the size of our globe…which as in the diagram above would advocate our globe occupying at least one third or so of this cosmos, being rather large; then described the golden chain as a golden stair; then he shows our globe as being insignificantly small hanging from the expanse of heaven, with Chaos far below, yet with also Chaos all around too… I don’t feel there is any definitive model.

Miltons text worked at confusing this scale on purpose, not to obfuscate it’s true meaning, but only to convey its enormity.

In game - as you have outlined, I believe Brookes has combined multiple references together, so I feel the other tiered model is what we are seeing.

In regards to the path of Jacques, I’m somewhat only amused by it, I’d like for it to fit, but I doubt it does. There exists subjective insight from various persons who might advocate Brookes had developed a wider narrative on Thargoids, and this path of Jacques was a dropped storyline.. who knows, I just thought it was cool…

Generally I don’t attribute this theory to Thargoid nor Guardians. I see this a architecture Brookes built, it’s a great signature move, and very likely I believe is an Easter egg championing Robert Holdstock.
Last edited: Dec 11, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, RaNaketh and Jorki Rasalas