Emperor
Dec 10, 2023
#32,428
Rochester said:
Here is the link from the thread:

Post in thread 'The Lost Realms’
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10214625

These identify the key locations referenced by Robert Holdstock which I’ve found in game, as well as those with a close contextual association.

That zone technically is within the Underworld zone - because this concept of an ‘underworld’ is technically rolled up with the concept of an ‘Underworld’, which is more of a punitive Christian concept.

The Underworld zone is much wider.

There are an extensive level of star, so I’m not going to record these separately. I’m make maps based upon relationships.

Of interest to me is the shapes of these zones. I long thought the Underworld was a dense focal point; it isn’t - it’s more of a level… where as the Lost Realms, certainly is a defined area.

Similarly I found that in the Older gid network is this enclosed sphere of gods linked to Storms… I thought this at first was just a ‘bubble’ around Sol. But it clearly halts at the level of water and the Underworld. And there’s a clear ‘upper zone’ above it…

Again this what Ivwas attempting to convey in my last post. The system’s attributed to the potential gates of hell do fall upon this circumstance…

In addition - i have not posted this, because I feel it can’t be substantiated, but if we now accept this underworld level is a little wider, this technically makes sense of Jacques travels outbid the bubble…

Click to expand...
Now my brain is buzzing...... not usually a good sign as I now have a million more thoughts to filter

Have you considered the 3 main races in game in relation to Paradise lost and mythology and perhaps how the regions of activity for each map to your model?

e.g.

Humanity - Us - cast from Eden (Raxxla) for breaking the rules - What was lost....?
The Watchers/Olympian gods - Guardians?
Fallen Angels/Satan/Titans - Thargoids?

Guardians / The Watchers / Ancient deities: If the Guardians and ancient deities are figures who are tasked with protecting or guiding humanity. e.g. In Norse mythology, the Aesir and Vanir are groups of deities who are responsible for maintaining order in the world.... or Prometheus in Greek mythology? (Stole fire and gave it to humans... the Guardian tech?)

Thargoids / Fallen angels / Satan / Rebellious gods: Both fallen angels and rebellious gods are figures who have challenged the established order and rebelled against their creator or ruler. In Greek mythology the Titans rebelled against their father, Cronus, and were imprisoned in Tartarus.

Just a thought.... not properly thought out....
Last edited: Dec 10, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Edelgard von Rhein and Jorki Rasalas