Rochester
Dec 10, 2023
#32,425
Here is the link from the thread:

Post in thread 'The Lost Realms’
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10214625

These identify the key locations referenced by Robert Holdstock which I’ve found in game, as well as those with a close contextual association.

That zone technically is within the Underworld zone - because this concept of an ‘Otherworld’ is technically rolled up with the concept of an ‘Underworld’, which is more of a punitive Christian concept than a paradise as with that of an otherworld, but the two are the same in certain cultures.

The Underworld zone is much wider.

Obviously there is an extensive level of stars, so I’m not going to record these separately. I make maps based upon relationships.

Of interest to me is the shapes of these zones. I long thought the Underworld was a dense focal point; it isn’t - it’s more of a level… where as the Lost Realms, certainly is a defined area.

Similarly I found that in the Older god network there is this enclosed sphere of gods linked to Storms… I thought this at first was just a generic ’bubble’ around Sol. But it clearly isn’t and halts at the level of water and the Underworld. And there’s a clear ‘upper zone’ above it…

Again this what I wanted to convey in my last post, as system’s attributed to the potential gates of hell do fall upon this circumstance… which I believe is an example of Brooke replication of Milton’s zone of Chaos in game.

In addition - I have not posted this, because I feel it can’t be substantiated, but if we now accept this underworld level is a little wider, this technically makes sense of Jacques travels outbid the bubble…



Again the above is just an assumption, there is nothing other than spacial relationship associations to draw them together, but patterns do exist and I find these fascinating. For instance here is the same map above but cross referenced with the map of Gilgamesh…the Triads, The Shibboleth and Brookes Tours…

Last edited: Dec 10, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Edelgard von Rhein and Emperor