Edelgard von Rhein
E
Dec 10, 2023
#32,430
I am very impressed by the analysis of so many mythologies (and the background knowledge required to recognise so many names from different cultures and myths), Rochester! o7
I feel that there is not a lot more that can be done now - these regions you have identified are like a map and the question then becomes 'what is the path?' or 'what system is the end point in?' or even 'do we have to undertake a journey, to find the end point?'

For the moment I want to consider the Shamash incident.
I have been reluctant to think of this as related to Raxxla because there is nothing I have read in the myths or lore associating Raxxla with sudden madness and violence. I'll suppose now that was wrong and consider what it means:

1) FD are actively, yet covertly, pushing the Raxxla storyline. We have had the Brookes Galactic Tours and Shamash all in the space of a few months. They want it to be found!
2) The madness on board the Generation Ship Thetis was so similar to the Shamash incident as to suggest the same cause.
3) The key similarity between the Thetis and Shamash behaviour is that both resulted from listening to an audio signal that was picked up on frequencies used for communications. This indicates the presence of something nearby!
4) An audio signal may be the key to pinning down the location of Raxxla. If it is way off in deep space and does not appear as a location on FSS, then this could be a way to allow it to be found. (I once tried to find the Voyagers in Sol before FSS and even knowing the heading I was not able to get within 1 KLs to have them appear on my contacts list in the left hand panel).
5) The final log of the Thetis contains the audio that caused the incident - perhaps this is something we could look for elsewhere?

There are unanswered questions here, if Raxxla is close to this region. In particular, all the hints pointing towards the Lost Realms region. If those were just to highlight the existence of the 'Mythology Map', then why focus on just one part of it? Also, have there been other hints that we have missed, in Galnet or Tourist Beacons or elsewhere that might highlight other areas, or even define a route? I am also thinking about rare goods and the names of stations, worlds and minor factions. In the Elite- and Founder-restricted Shinrarta Dezhra we have The Waters of Shintara (and note that it is not the Waters of Shinrarta Dezhra)! That is significant, though I don't know if we will need to carry some, perhaps it is suggesting something about the nature of the journey.

My instincts are telling me that there is a journey involved to find Raxxla - that we cannot just jump to the system, fly to its location and experience whatever it is. Maybe it does move, either within its system or from system to system. If the clue to find it is in audio, then to find it more than once (remember that quote!) we might have to follow an audio trail through the Lost Realms, though the starting point would be the same. Maybe that is in/near Shamash.

I could, of course, be completely wrong.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Louis Calvert and Rochester