Marco Santos
May 31, 2019
#8,466
Thatchinho said:
Sorry for questioning again, but I just want to make sure I'm following you correctly. Are you saying you:

1. Entered the system
2. Honked
3. Entered the FSS mode
4. Searched for bodies in the FSS mode until there were no signals showing on the signal bar
5. Got the System Scan Complete message
6. Could see the number of bodies scanned as 100%
7. Flew out to a distant body
8. Honked again
9. Got a message saying that more bodies had been detected
10. Entered FSS mode again, and saw a new set of signals on the signal bar
11. Searched for bodies in the FSS mode again until here were no signals showing on the signal bar
12. Got the System Scan Complete message again

What happened to the % of bodies scanned at 10? Did it change down from the previous 100%?

With apologies again - just trying to make absolutely sure that nothing else is going before we get excited and/or start suggesting bug reports.

For reference I've just checked my FSS scan history, and I have detected bodies at more than 550kls (not many though).
Click to expand...

Well, like i just answered to another post here, the 1st time this happened to me was during the time we had that awfull bug with the FSS going sideways and didnt let u scan the systems, and that was how i ended up finding that this happened, cause i from that event onwards everytime i see a sun or planet that distant i tend to fly there to check if there isnt anything else, on some i end up finding new things, in others i get bumped cause there is nothing there...

As the percentage goes, that i recall it readjusted, but i cant say with 100% certainty since i wasnt really paying attention to those finner details.

I need to go to my pc log in and check what is in the history of what i did so far, but last trip i did and found this events, was to the left of the bubble, went 10k out before coming back in always on economical planning and i didnt saw that many, so far i got 7 situations like this that i found.
But i have found alot of systems where the system was discovered already by someone, and mapped and still i use the FSS and find new stuff, reason may just be that those systems were visited before the FSS was introduced? So older discoveries and somehow something failed when they switched over but i cant tell ive been playing since January so i only know the FSS and nothing else.