Thatchinho
May 31, 2019
#8,463
AzoreanOutkast said:
Yep readed what i wrote and i see the issue.

Basically in the systems i had this was basically, honk it says there is X bodies, i then use FSS and find the ones it had said in the honk, and them i go for the mapping part and in the case of the one that had a gas giant 561k from me, i selected it in the nav panel, used supercruise assist and let the ship do the route, when i was really close to it i honked again and the result was diferent, using the FSS it revealed the other bodies that previously i couldnt see even using the FSS. (the 1st time when i entered the system)

Not the 1st system i get this, i have already quite the number of systems that at 1st glance was already discovered and mapped by other commanders, that had left 1 or 2 bodies unmapped cause of their distance, and when i got there i not only mapped those as i discovered more of them.

Basically what i stated and am telling with all this is, if u see a sun that is 500K or more away from u, its worth flying out there and using the FSS again, cause i can say in 5 of this situations only 1 of them didnt had nothing new to discover...
Click to expand...
Sorry for questioning again, but I just want to make sure I'm following you correctly. Are you saying you:

1. Entered the system
2. Honked
3. Entered the FSS mode
4. Searched for bodies in the FSS mode until there were no signals showing on the signal bar
5. Got the System Scan Complete message
6. Could see the number of bodies scanned as 100%
7. Flew out to a distant body
8. Honked again
9. Got a message saying that more bodies had been detected
10. Entered FSS mode again, and saw a new set of signals on the signal bar
11. Searched for bodies in the FSS mode again until here were no signals showing on the signal bar
12. Got the System Scan Complete message again

What happened to the % of bodies scanned at 10? Did it change down from the previous 100%?

With apologies again - just trying to make absolutely sure that nothing else is going before we get excited and/or start suggesting bug reports.

For reference I've just checked my FSS scan history, and I have detected bodies at more than 550kls (not many though).
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420