[PS4] Filthymick420
Mar 10, 2021
#21,824
Machina Ergo Sum said:
He actually did iirc. Not sure why you are trying to change the narrative surrounding this or trying to memory hole this. I can't find the relevant posts now because he seems to have deleted it or it was lost during the forum revamp. There was a Raxxla document which documented this thread, Raxxla info and names of hoaxers at one point by a CMDR but I forgot who... I have a copy of it fortunately but no screenshots.

This should be pretty much verbatim what @GURU-951 . He has apologized for it. Why are you trying to memory hole this? There might be other stuff but I'm really lazy to dig through all these stuff again. There were other posts which were deleted from reddit as well iirc.

"Guru951 had been searching for Raxxla for a long time, and then claimed to have found it.
His screenshot consisted of an assassination mission target ‘Alexander Macdonald’ in wing of 4 “Hand Gang of LP 102-320” flying a FDL “Vicious Hades”.

Relevant hints provided by his post:

Guru's post start here.
---
I cannot show you pictures or videos, but I can give you the map. Hold it tight and don't let go.
The keywords I give you are the tools you will use to decipher the meanings of people, places and things along the way, every step of the way. When you find it it will be unmistakeable.

Map:

Keywords: google, wiki, meaning, myth and symbol.
---

The linked PDF from 2009 details the “ritual path of initiation into the eleusinian mysteries”. These were the sacred rites of Demeter & Persephone performed by the ancient greeks.

Later hints: ‘MacDonald’ was underlined with ‘meaning?’ added
MacDonald [] > Son of World Might/Rule

--
The key to any problem, or puzzle, is to get to the root of it. Where did this all start? You really need to work from there to fix it, or solve it. Did you know that the first mention of
Raxxla in 2296, , was by Art Tornqvist and a woman named Cora. Did you know that Art in Greek storytelling was in itself a central character to convey meanings within their stories? Did you know that Cora is a variation of Kore and that Kore is another name for Persephone?
Did you know that we found a Non-Human Relic on Mars sixteen years before the first mention of Raxxla?
Do you know the story of Mars? Have you been there? What does the Oracle tell you about it?
Your Oracle of Delphi is the internet. Fact. Google and Wiki at every step. Braben is one of the founders of the AI revolution and the internet, an AI, is our Oracle.
Do you even know the story of Demeter, of Persephone/Kore/Cora, of Hades, or of how the initiation rites were created? Do you know who each one of them were and what their special talents, skills, or abilities were? And do you even understand exactly what the initiation rites are? If not, than fix all of that. Wiki has a great amount of information on them. It all started with Demeter, she gave birth to Persephone and to the initiation rites.
Many times contacts and characters appear when you arrive at the correct stations,

What do their names mean? Who are they and what do they say? What about their economy or faction? Meaning, greek, myth and symbol. What does the Oracle tell you about them? Good intentions, bad intentions, no intentions, just not applicable? Does it resonate with what you are doing? Do they align with the step and the subject matter, and especially do they apply to the path you're on? First name, last name, stations, unique body names?
Have you punched all the possibilities of the step, people, places or things into your nav? Do they have different name spellings? Does your navigation panel find more than one possible location and is one of those locations better linked to the step you're on??? Do certain names, words or objects have symbolic meanings, or myths or stories associated with them? Is it in alignment, in any way, to the step or possible location??
The journey begins when you consult the oracle and the importance is in getting the right location, action and sequence. The people you meet along the way are very important and should be, for the most part, pretty obvious connections, but it will be a bit heavy on the cryptic side at times, so that's on you to figure out. It would be wise to explore your options. The Oracle/internet/google will spit out a bunch of possibilities when you try all the key words and it's up to you to decipher which one is in alignment with the story, steps, and subject matter, if at all. If not, than there's a good chance it's not the one.
And believe it or not, there are in fact blatant signposts along the way, I used these to determine if this was all in my head or an actual thing happening, because this was an actual thought I struggled with.

There. That is the remainder of what I will give. A set of tools and a sense of direction to help clear this mess I've created. Let's hope it works. Not all of you are going to succeed.
If you lack the ability to see in metaphor, well than good luck. If you lack a secondary monitor or oracle device to use while you plot your courses, it will make this much much harder. It needs to be used constantly.
This whole experience has been rather horrible tbh. So best of luck, be happy that you're not in this position. I thought I was so smart and now I see that pride and ego has gotten the best of me, and of others. It would've been better to stay completely silent.

Everyone wants a free ride to the galaxies biggest treasure and that's not how it works. Prove yourself and you might find it.
Raxxla may have been in every game there has been, but it appears to me that the methodologies of accessing it have differed from game to game.
The NDA/NDC is stated in the initiation rites it's not a form to sign or a box to click, it's more of a matter of respect for something bigger than myself, and I expect the next person will come to this same understanding.
It appears the Dark Wheel has in fact metaphorically killed off my CMDR through this process, much like Alex Ryder, Jason Ryder and the rest.
----
Guru's post end here.

He offered for more details"
Click to expand...
I dont care. Didn't even bother to read it so your 45 mins of typing a text wall was wasted time this thread isn't the place for it. Nor was it the place for the person whom I was responding to to start calling him a cult leader. stay on topic . It's cute you feel the need to jump in on me like you've been waiting for the opportunity but I feel like in this thread it just made you look like a spaz.



Han_Zen said:
Persephone does not have a confirmed RL counterpart. The name was given by FD, to the hypothesised Planet 9.

Planet nine has an estimated mass of 5-10 earth masses. Persephone is at the maximum of this interval.
I was under the impression that 399 Persephone was the RL counter part.

399 Persephone - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

I can't understand why they would go to all the trouble of a scale galaxy with hand crafted/placed systems and bodies. And then take our own home system and start throwing fictitious planets in to it. Now I'm worried I've never understood anything in the game
Last edited: Mar 10, 2021