Merlin StWahgwaan
May 24, 2020
#16,678
Machina Ergo Sum said:
Experimenting in-game and just Logic really.

1. R font is wrong. You can easily test this in-game e.g. with Ra 1.

2. If it is a planet at that size at 90 ls, then it is extremely extremely massive. You can test this with Ra 11 at 2000 earth masses iirc and look at it from 90ls away. Ra 11 is still really small.

3. However if someone can accept both of these by creating a special circumstance for them i.e. "special font" for Raxxla, then it is a slippery slope to accepting anything really.

4. Does it matter if it is real or fake? If it is real, it doesn't really contribute anything to the discussion. You can't do anything really with the comment in the 2nd image either. The problem is if it is fake and you believe it to be real. Then you will be devoting your limited time to going down the wrong road and potentially missing the right answer.

5. Take this with a pinch of salt but someone who is more technically inclined can look into it. Supposedly past hoaxers have always had similar fingerprints with the same type of image editor (discord source from someone reputable but I can't seem to find it at the moment ). Whether this image data or exif data can be seen post upload to Imgur or Reddit, I do not know. Let me know if someone finds out.
Click to expand...

Your closer to explaining its a fake, but still no PROOF its a fake...
And of course I take it with a grain of slat, lol, everything I read or see about Raxxla I take it a grain of slat, as Ive said before, everything we "know" about it is speculation, so to discount somthing like these pics for not good reason just seems stupid.

And size at distance isnt proof nessecarily, do you have proof Raxxla ISNT the size of the sun is orbiting, or larger? Maybe the star orbits Raxxla, we have no orbital lines or anything to say otherwise... It could be HUGE for all we know. the point is, we DONT KNOW, so to discount the img completely would be like discounting the TDW toast because it too is only speculation if you remember correctly, as well as just about everything to do with TDW or Raxxla.

Sure, im not going to waste alot of time on it, becuase there is a good chance it is fake, but im not going to just ignore it either, if there is so much as a 1% chance its real, it can really help narrow things down based on the stars in the background of the first img, including Barnards Loop being visible and darker than it is when visible from Polaris..

Anyways, I just dont see why anyone would so jump to calling it a fake and ignoring it completely without any concrete evidence saying its a fake or real.