Cmdr Shijima
Oct 9, 2018
#3,857
Han_Zen said:
Lets take a look at Shinrarta Dezhra and what the lore says about it.

Most of the lore for the system is linked to the Pilots Federation and can be found in various tourist spots. All of them can be found in these two posts:

https://forums.frontier.co.uk/showt...-Commanders!?p=4752902&viewfull=1#post4752902

https://forums.frontier.co.uk/showt...-Commanders!?p=4778787&viewfull=1#post4778787

I recommend reading them in order from 0244 to 0251.

Some aspects in these texts are relevant to the validity of Shinrarta Dezhra as a Raxxla candidate system.

- Spot 0244 says that PF was established in 2805. 9 years prior to the alleged mention of Raxxla, in the Federal archives.
- Spot 0246 says that The Elite Federation of Pilots(EFP)is a sub group of PF. EFP is rumored to have secret bases and technologies.
- Spot 0247 describes the EFP as an extremely secretive organisation.
- Spot 0250 describes The Dark Wheel as a clique within the PF. It's not the only one. CEIP is another example.
- Spot 0251 tells that Founders World is under direct control of the EFP and that it's location is secret to non members. Miss-information(obfuscation?) is used to keep the location hidden.


It's a bit vague on weather it's the PF or EFP that controls the actual system of Shinrarta Dezhra. There is also no mention of 'The Founders' that Luko describes as: "they who sit above the Pilots’ Federation."
They are probably the leaders of the EFP.

Other things that qualifies Shinrarta Dezhra as a candidate system:
- You have to be Elite to get there(unless you use the secret methods).
- It clearly has an 'Outer rim'. The orbits of the main star and LTT 4550 form two inner rims and the AB planets form an outer rim. Shinrarta Dezhra AB 3 is the furthest out.

I can't pin 'the door that is also the key' on anything particular and I have never heard any unusual songs form the planets in the system.

The name does not have much going for it, except that it ends in ra. Ra is both the Robotic Avian(the symbol of the PF) and the start of Raxxla. One could imagine a name like: Shinrarta DezhRA XX LA, where the XX LA part has some form of substitution?

Please add what you have. I'm not an SD expert, so this is all I have.

Remember that the tourist beacons are top tier lore and will trump the old books, if there are inconsistencies.

Nice work! No more or less speculative than anything else we have to go on. However, iirc, "Shinrarta Dezra" was named by a top-level Kickstarter ("name the Founders' world") and has some other meaning. Therefore I don't think the name itself has any bearing necessarily, unless Founders' World lore was retconned by FDev after the name was submitted and accepted (which would have been before the first playable I imagine).

I like the direction of your thinking though, but shall return to my lurking for now unless/until something jumps out at me.