AndyJ
Oct 9, 2018
#3,859
Shinrarta Dezhra was indeed named by the top level Kickstarter, Liqua and it is the name of the System that contains Founder's World.

The mystery of the name was generated by myself as I [thought I] was protecting FD in case they wanted to use it in some storyline, or at least as part of the lore to explain why the Elite had settled there.
(Sadly, FD didn't use it for anything)

Liqua has explained how the name came to be:
SPOILER










(It's not an anagram)

Han_Zen, I'm assuming that 'The Founders' you mention are the ones from the missions, and if so are the Founding Members of the Elite whom are based at Founder's world. (and the only pilots allowed retire there.)

I believe also they are the original members of the Elite Federation of Pilots, EFP but haven't a source for this. It's disappointing that the beacons all talk about the EFP but not at all about the FMotE. We don't even get a specific greeting or any +rep at what's meant to be our home space station... pffft. (we only got the golden "Founder" decal after it turned into an argument with MB in the Dangerous Discussions forum, they've done their level best to ignore the whole pledge tier it feels)


Some other information that I found the other day - I'd actually asked back in 1.5 beta 2 why the "Elite or Founder" missions were suddenly being restricted to Founder's World (JM) in that patch - and got the answer from MB that the Pilots Federation should have been issuing them. (Back then the PF was still a Faction at JM that could issue missions.) (link)
Hi Michael,

Please could you explain the reason for the "Elite or Founder" missions only being made available at Jameson Memorial?
Are these intended to be storyline missions once players have reached Elite? (or are Founders)

There's also been a pirate-hunting mission "Mastering the Maleficent" that has this rank and had been available anywhere - is this going to disappear? And why, if there is a mission of this type for "Elite or Founder", can Founders not do other missions for lower rankings e.g. Deadly if they're not at that rank.

Quite confused what the intention was with the "or Founder" requirement...

Thanks

Andy

The Elite and Founder missions are issued by the Pilots Federation which is based at the Founders World.

Founders are Commanders who backed at the Founders level in the Kickstarter and part of their reward was to be able to access some of these special missions.

Michael

So it seems that it should have been the PF who were keeping an eye on the actions of the Dark Wheel.
However some of the missions are clearly generic - so I'm still not convinced that the reasoning behind this change is correct.

Also important to note is that the Pilots Federation were removed as a faction and effectively made a Super power around 12 months ago. (link)
Q: bug or feature?
Hi there,

Feature.

The pilots federation is no longer a faction, they are now a superpower.

They still own assets, though. Like Jameson Memorial.

I think they own the starter stations (Trevithick Dock and Beagle 2 Landing) now, too.

Thanks,
Dom

This doesn't seem to have been properly thought through if the PF were indeed meant to be issuing the original "Elite or Founder" missions, and might be another barrier to getting these missions back again.
The current "Elite or Founder" missions are just bog-standard templates offered by any faction (I think) at JM these days, which is a contradiction to the reason for original the 1.5 beta 2 change. (I think that the real reason really was that they were moved so that they didn't use up valuable mission slots on the boards away from JM)
Last edited: Oct 9, 2018
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, Cmdr Shijima and Nagual