Vektorboson
V
Feb 12, 2021
#21,080
RaNaketh said:
Interesting, that's almost the same mission string I received from TDW in SD from "Ariel".

I have the logs, the first was an Elite mission I couldn't accept. Then received a black box, and assassination (deserter though) mission.

I have a screen shot of his chat comments as I thought they were interesting.

Something like "I was once like you, but I won't kill for them any more" or.something to that effect.

I'm on my phone so will have to dredge up the screen shot for accuracy later.

/Ra
Click to expand...

Very interesting.

So in my case I was in the Atum-system and I was traveling towards the nearest star (some LFT-??? system) which is just 0.22 Ly away.
I think I was around 400,000 Ls away, when I got the "Mission Objective"-message. So I found the Degraded Emission and got my mission from the "Mafia of Atum". That's a faction I didn't do anything for at that time.
So I completed my mission and then I noticed that I was very close to Shinrarta Dezhra.
So I currently assume it was a TDW "initiation" mission.

The second new type of mission I got was a courier mission, where I had to follow an NPC's low wake drop where he gave me another mission (but it was a generic NPC name, not Ariel or something notable).
Funny thing is that I got the mission from the "Marquis du Ma'a"-faction; I was investigating the Ma'a-system because I assume it relates to the Egyptian Ma'at.
I was a little surprised that I was already at Cordial with the "Marquis du Ma'a", but they I looked in my journals and that was because I visited the Azaleach-system. Yes, the system where the Starship One-accident happened, that one that was all over GalNet recently.

I am investigating the "Marquis Du ???"-factions because "Marquis" basically translates to "boundary". The concept of boundary is very prominent in the Isis-system (Schwarzschild and Heaviside).

I also got very very interesting results yesterday with regards to Ququve; the systems around Terra Mater are very interesting, for example "Tomas". Tomas, Isis and Set are related; Tomas has a very light F-class star, Isis has a very light K-class star, Set has an extremly heavy L-type brown dwarf. The Set-brown dwarf has >0.7 solar mass which is very implausible. The Tomas-system has a planet called "Doubt"; coupled with the mass of its star that's a clear hint.

EDIT:
I also forgot one more interesting observation which leads me back to the Ega-system and Wreaken Corp.
Osiris, Ega and Lave are roughly in the same neighborhood. In Osiris you find the German word "Besonders" which is special because it literally means "special". Close to Ega you find the Wille-system which is the German word for "will". Now "will" can have two meanings: "Where there's a will, there's a way" and of course "the last will" relating to death (and therefore connecting to Osiris).
Last edited: Feb 12, 2021
Reactions:
TrillClinton and RaNaketh