Djidjel
Feb 11, 2021
#21,066
Howdy CMDRs

Y'all wanna hear an insane story which in some weird disturbed way ticks all the items on the Raxxla Codex entry? Ok, here I go. Put on your best tin foil hats, it's gonna get bumpy.
(I'll try to keep it short but prepare for incoming text wall)

The jewel that burns bright. This is easy. It stares us in the face everyday. It's so bright we need sunscreen for it. It's our sun. It's the brightest star we can see in the sky.
The brow. Besides forehead it also means "bridge", and our sun sits squarely down in the Orion Bridge (or Orion Spur), a part of the Orion-Cygnus Arm (there's a nice wikipedia picture showing this).
The mother of galaxies. Mother also means originator or founder. Galaxies can also mean large groups of things. Or humans. Or human made things. You get it. Origin of a galaxy of people. It's slightly forced, but I strongly believe it's our solar system.
The whisperer. Something or someone unable to speak loud. Or unable to speak at all. A mute.
Witchspace. Yes, I know, we all think it's hyperspace. But it isn't. It's a reference to something else. Witch-space. The space of the witch. The place where the witch lives. Bear with me, it's connected to the whisperer.
The siren. Could be something that goes wee-woo. Or it could be some mythical creature that attracts sailors and their ships to perilous seas and then kills them. A mermaid.
The deepest void. The very first being that emerged from chaos. According to some myths, the skies or heavens. Personified by Caelus/Ouranos (Uranus).
This thing's about to get into crazy land now but hang on, don't get that straight jacket for me yet.
Time for us to do a small recap: we got Uranus and a mermaid that can't speak in the witch's place/lair. Well now, who might that be, hmm? Y'all know a certain love-stricken mermaid (a princess no less) that got her voice taken away in a witch's lair while running away from home (the parent's grief) trying desperately to win the heart of a prince that doesn't know her?

Well, of course it's ARIEL.

Ariel is a spiralling heavenly body (you can even say "star" according to the Oxford dictionary). Since Uranus' axis has a 98° tilt, Ariel "corkscrews" along Uranus' orbit. Astro-phel also means star-cork. Star-cork, cork-screw... well... kinda fits.

Uranus' moon has some awesome canyons which are quite fun to navigate at 600+ m/s. Some might even call those canyons .... rifts maybe? Oh wait, wasn't Raxxla connected to a certain rift and some rock shaped like an egg? But wait, those canyons are actually big holes in the ground. Couldn't one of those holes be egg-shaped? Or maybe have an egg-shaped arch that holds an Einstein-Rosen bridge? One can only hope.

Well CMDRs, I think it's about time to go canyon-scanning-and-running-in-a-wing. DB said we need to be in a wing and do multiple scans for it to show up, so this Raxxla thingamajig is hidden good.

Yes, I know. If I'm right, FD are quite the sadists to base this on Disney, but hell, legends start in weird ways.

And after all, if it walks like a duck and talks like a duck, it sure ain't no platypus.

As an interesting piece of trivia, Ariel was an angel and the name means "Lion of God", so bring guns. Better have it and not need it than the other way around.

Now I'm gonna go get my Hutton Mug filled again with Talisker ...err, I meant Eranin Pearl before I get to those canyons. That should make flying interesting.

This is CMDR Djinn Djell signing off. Hope you had a fun read. O7
Reactions:
Adel, electro, Rochester and 12 others