Marco Santos
Jun 9, 2019
#8,781
The prmit locked areas, atm for me are a letdown...

This totally limits the places u can go, and in the case of us that are trying to find Raxxla, makes it impossible to go after leads we get sometimes, basically u think u found an answer and u ran into a brick wall... And that totally takes the will to continue sometimes.

The spinning hyperspace thing, yup forget it, there are lots of strange animations on that "load screen" that captivates you but not much more there, even doe in some systems and areas u get sounds that u normally dont and that is the only aspect i will still pursue on that matter, lets just say that i went back to the jump i got that sound and from there i tried jumps to other systems and i found a pattern, that led me to a stone wall (permit locked system) and i couldnt follow that bread crom path anymore...

I also found a wreck of a ship on a system that i was the 1st to get there, it contain data, that data leads me to...
Yup another permit locked system, so dead end again... This one i wont divulge to other commanders, will keep it, i bookmarked it and changed the text so i know what it is, maybe later on if they do open that area...

Really mates, u get into this clues and minigames and then u hit this stone walls and u have to admit that u were just wasting your time chasing ghosts, cause u cant follow up.

Im thinking that probrably will be best to leave this area, and stop going around this perma locked systems, and go to the bubble and work on my other elite ranks that i didnt got yet and wait till this things actually are open up, since we all know the "myth" about u needin to have triple elite to unlock the dark wheel stuff, wether its true or not, i dont know but is something i wanna do and will probrably do.

I went to Synuefe and docked, got me a cool 160 million from all the exploratory stuff i did, and headed back to that region but wondering if i should just leave it alone for now...
Last edited: Jun 9, 2019
Reactions:
Scytale and Macros Black