Vetinari
V
Apr 6, 2021
#22,716
CMDRCorrFelian said:
specifically, the Mars Artifact means Thargoids have been in Sol since 2280

As @clavain said we have no story or proof whether its actually Martian, Thargoid, Guardian or something else entirely. All we know is it wasnt human in origin....unless one of those pieces of space junk we left in orbit round Earth got dragged into Mars orbit and crashed. It could even be the wing-mirror of the missing Tesla.

CMDRCorrFelian said:
The initial discovery happened via hyperspace probes sent from Sol before the generation ships

Its one possibility, for the brains behind the story it certainly gives the most flexibility as to where Raxxla is, it literally could be anywhere if just a signal received and not an object found.
.
CMDRCorrFelian said:
I suspect that a more thorough investigation of Sol will uncover one or more crashed Thargoid ships in Sol itself.

Sol is pre-mapped by Pilots Fed and given to all pilots on entry in our Nav computers. A lot of people including me have visited every body and permanent signal. But Frontier can add something after the fact so its always a possiblity.

CMDRCorrFelian said:
Tell me, then, what terrified humanity so much they threw it in a vault on Mars, prayed its civilization was dead, and vowed never to speak of it again? Do you honestly believe that the Guardians would have provoked such a response from the Sol government?

Probably the usual reason, somebody thought 'can we make a weapon from the tech and if so we dont want our enemies to know'. NASA discoveries only made public after military found no use for them for example. Also it kick-started the Xenobiology profession as people tried to work out what it was and where it came from. Maybe they found out maybe they didnt, Frontier wont tell us....yet.

Speculation: With EDO legs we can become Xenobiologists or similar. Maybe that will open some stuff up or unlock Permits (Mars in particular). Plus Holloway Bio Centre hasnt had much action since it was created. One CG to collect samples and 'great steps' made in the field by them. Again we havent been told what they are or what that means....yet. Long held secrets may be waiting for something else to happen first.
Reactions:
clavain, Rochester and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian