Scytale
Banned
S
Mar 7, 2019
#6,414
drew said:
Blimey. I'd forgotten about that. It's been a long road, getting from there.... ahem.

Yes. When I put Raxxla in those fan novels I was trying to figure out a way to have Raxxla be a portal and a planet (as per description in the Dark Wheel) which had somehow not been found despite decades of searching. I figured it had to be meta-physical in some manner, hence the wierdness/witchspace implementation in Mutabilis. I'd do it differently now (not that I have anything to do with Raxxla in ED I hasten to add), but that sort of slightly ethereal, magical, otherworldness struck me as quite a good way of realising Raxxla.

Oolite was true to the original game Elite, where we had different 'galaxies', galactic hyperspace and other conventions now long abandoned by ED. Whatever they do with Raxxla in ED, it will be different.

I hope they come up with something compelling, but, whatever they do, it's going to be very very tough to make it live up to 30+ years of expectation and also makes it more than one person going "here it is" and everyone else watching it on Youtube. Tough one.

Cheers,

Drew.
Click to expand...

Hi and thanks, Drew, for the explaination. As you very well know, many of us fans of the Elite lore are always starving for any of your comments and guidances.
I understand pretty well that messing with space-time in a "relativestic" context would be quite a slippery ground in a game like ED. That's why, I guess, even light is faster than light in ED.
Nevertheless, I hope Raxxla will turn out to involve something more exotic and exciting than, let's say, a very human stranded ship or a Bilderberg Club - like organisation. We already have that IRL...
At least, it's what the disappeared fine E/F missions seemed to be pointing at. People knew what they were doing, then.
(Happy past times, when there was a consistent story told in ED, and Btw, I am still wondering how the Witch's Seven Veils actually managed to evade my interdiction a certain 29th... Overwhelming pilot's skill or witch-trick?)
Last edited: Mar 8, 2019