Garand1987
G
Mar 7, 2019
#6,405
Edelgard von Rhein said:
I've been taking a break from ED for the last two weeks or so but haven't stopped reading this thread or thinking about Raxxla. My thinking has been changing a little, mostly due to alternative interpretations of the Alleged Toast of The Dark Wheel. Apologies for the long explanations but here's the TL; DR:
1: I believe there is potentially another POI related to Raxxla, maybe even two (one close to the Bubble, the other very remote).
2: I believe that at least one past member of The Dark Wheel found Raxxla but used the Alleged Toast to promote the mystery, rather than give an exact location. Whether The Dark Wheel knows, or is able to reach, Raxxla's location themselves is uncertain but it may be a dangerous, risky journey.
I'm assuming that the essence of what was in The Dark Wheel novella is still canon. Risky, certainly, but with so little known I am loath to dismiss it entirely.
SPOILER




When I once more feel like playing ED (probably not long, having been playing other games they seem shallow in comparison) I will want to test these ideas. One thing I can do is visit The Void and look for the brightest stars or other standout systems - it is quite desolate so Wolf-Rayet and O type stars will stand out, as will supergiants/giants. Another is to try and guess where Jason Ryder might have found his evidence. He seems to have been based around Tionisla or the Old Worlds, so perhaps searching 'up' from the Galactic Plane might yield something, although he found the evidence is another matter - the question of where he might have been looking requires more thought, yet.
.
FWIW, I suspect The Dark Wheel requires its members to be triple Elite but that does not automatically mean that one needs to be triple Elite in order to find Raxxla. I doubt superpower rank is required for either (and at the start of the game, the top ranks were Post Commander and Marquis, iirc, so the current max rank ought not to be required if it was).
Click to expand...

Just my opinion and, honestly based on little evidence. If you’re going to the void, which I’ve considered myself so who knows I might bump into you, I’d think looking specifically for triple star systems may be of help. The reason being if we look at TDW symbol, and use the center to line up with the Core region (they’re the same shape) the three orbs seem to be in the void region. I figure the three orbs might be three stars.
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein