yelboc
Aug 1, 2022
#26,564
Cunder said:
I have a question for everyone here how often did you skip on the tip offs then actually doing the tip offs? Is skipping tip off greater then doing the them? When you think about it most of ED is based on numbers. Some assume that the Thargoids have their own reputation to those who kill them and those who don't engage with them or handing them thargoid cargo. Even though you don't hand the thargoid cargo like normal, the item can still be registered to the pilot that first picked or dropped like how systems are registered to the pilot that first discovers a system when they turn in the data.

So in this case doing tip offs usually means scanning for info, so the info that is being sent is registered to the person who did it, which puts a point or 2 to your reputation.

I find it weird that we always get a message from a "Mysterious Stranger" the reason to this always falls back to the Elite Dangerous Manual of the Benefactor who wishes to be anonymous which if you first started the game and read the manual your first thought is "Well that's mysterious". It's also made clear that the benefactor is working for an unnamed organization and testing the pilot. This all factors in some how. Like for instance like how low your reputation can be so only few missions are accessible then someone whose reputation is allied where you get full access to the mission. Tip offs can work this way as well which can possibly explain why we hardly seen any new tip offs. You got a whole lot of people playing so info is easier to grab and take notes on them, but you don't got numbers of how many tip offs 1 player did.
Click to expand...
@djadjok has done thousands of those tip-offs, enough to systematically analyse their generation and the patterns of the crash sites etc. that they refer to. If anyone was going to find chained missions or secret invites from them, then he would have. However, he found that none of them lead anywhere.

See here:

Investigation into the "Mysterious Stranger"
please not! =) Really If you have questions about Tip Offs - please, ask them here. There are quite a number of commanders that do work on this in-depth investigation for almost two years. Imo, asking developers seems a bit of cheating here and betraying them of all the achieved progress. I...
forums.frontier.co.uk

and previous and following discussions in that thread
Last edited: Aug 1, 2022
Reactions:
Crimson Echo, simulacrae, Rochester and 1 other person