Jorki Rasalas
Aug 2, 2022
#26,569
Jorki Rasalas said:
I’ll have a re-read through the TO and Mysterious Stranger threads, as I thought he said there might be some missions still to be found. But I’m old and may be imagining things!
16Dec2020: Ah yes, https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/tip-off-mission.561154/post-8858179
He said “As a side note - even after 5 years not all Tip Off locations in the Bubble has been discovered. If you have any questions - don't hesitate to ask them.”

Hypothesising:

The old E/F Shinrarta missions seemed to be related to Raxxla. They seemed to be from Pilots Federation & directed against TDW faction in SD. We know from Drew that TDW in SD is a false front/red herring and that the real DW are a faction within PF...perhaps that was the storyline they were intended to highlight?

Those missions disappeared around late 2015/early 2016 and it seems reasonable to assume that (if they were not just deleted because they were unnecessary fluff) they may have been replaced with some alternate missions under the new mission system that was introduced (IIRC) with the Horizons 1.5/2.0 release in Dec 2015, which I think introduced the TO missions. In conjunction with djadjock’s statement above, and considering the TO missions seem to come from the “mysterious benefactor” who gives you your first ship and startup funds (via “Sue, Cripple & Sneer” game manual’s message) it might make sense to concentrate on investigating TO missions in the old worlds, where TDW originated (from the codex’s “a continuous and clandestine organisation, operating since the very earliest days of interstellar travel”).

There are only a handful of old worlds, so it shouldnt take long to get allied with all the factions (split the workload up between a few players) and spend a while investigating if meaningful missions are triggered.

Not convinced this is necessarily the route to Raxxla, since I dont think TDW know where it is, but if these hypothesised missions have not been triggered then that could be consistent with the FD response to @Rochester which implied that TDW are not currently in-game. DB also said (Feb2016) he knew people were not playing the game as expected, not making friends with the minor factions, hence he knew there were missions that almost no players have seen...
David Braben on Arena and the future of Elite Dangerous
Looting, crafting, and better missions are coming.
www.pcgamer.com
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, Crimson Echo, Cunder and 1 other person