GURU-951
Sep 9, 2019
#12,110
The big and small dippers are intriguing for sure. Great posts on that.

Something to consider.
In the Dark Wheel novella Jason's ship was named the Avalonia.
In the Avalon system we have the Persephone station.
According to the wiki Avalon is an island.
"literally meaning "the isle of fruit [or apple] trees"), sometimes written Avallon or Avilion, is a legendary island featured in the Arthurian legend."
The search for the island of Atlantis was spoken of in the codex. 2 different islands, but islands nonetheless.

We have the name Cora in the codex, and as many of you know that is another name, along with Kore, for Persephone.
And she wants to use Art's ship to "Dig up" the pirate treasure.
This is further evidenced in the Persephone system with the sole ELW orbiting the star named Kore.
Recall that Persephone is an agricultural goddess, goddess of grain. Grain is grown in dirt and it involves digging.
Not to mention being the queen of the underworld, also underground.

In Sol we have a big ole Unremarkable Moon named Persephone. It's the last thing we look at, besides the probes.
In modern astronomy there is a theorized but yet to be proven 9th planet within Sol.
According to this Elite Wiki entry, that 9th planet was found at an unspoken of time and they named it Persephone.

In modern astronomy there is a theorized, but largely disregarded, binary brown dwarf orbiting our own sun. Estimates place it somewhere around 1.5 ly away, but within Sol. This star has been dubbed the Nemesis Star due to the idea that it's the leading cause of the several mass extinctions that have taken place on Earth in our history.
Alex Ryder's ship was named Nemesis.

In the Momus Reach system we have the ELW, Nemesis.
Alongside of it we have the planet Pandora.
According to the Persephone Wiki here Pandora is associated with Persephone.
"In the religions of the Orphics and the Platonists, Kore is described as the all-pervading goddess of nature who both produces and destroys everything, and she is therefore mentioned along with or identified as other such divinities including Isis, Rhea, Ge, Hestia, Pandora, Artemis, and Hecate. The Orphic Persephone is said to have become by Zeus the mother of Dionysus, Iacchus, Zagreus, and the little-attested Melinoe."

According to the Momus wiki- "Momus was in Greek mythology the personification of satire and mockery, two stories about whom figure among Aesop’s Fables.
During the Renaissance, several literary works used him as a mouthpiece for their criticism of tyranny, while others later made him a critic of contemporary society.
Onstage he finally became the figure of harmless fun. "

Why?
Last edited: Sep 9, 2019
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Six6VI, Rochester and 3 others