GURU-951
Sep 9, 2019
#12,113
Ha! Just found something funny, an obvious reference to Hitchhikers Guide To The Galaxy exists for the small dippers one lone inhabited system, Kocab, also known as Beta Ursae Minoris. The system description reads -
"The Ursa Minor Beta Publishing Corporation is a wholly remarkable organization. Perhaps the most remarkable organisation.
Perhaps the most remarkable, certainly the most successful ever to come out of the great media wars of Kocab. Renowned throughout uncivilised space, and reviled in much civilised space, for the best-selling title "Wing-Rider's Guide to the Cosmos", indispensable for all curious travellers who wish to enjoy and survive the galaxy's most deadly and delectable experiences."

Also known as 7 Beta Ursae Majoris.

And in a mind blowing turn of events we find this In the Hitchiker's Wiki

"Megadodo Publications are the original publishers of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. The company's headquarters were located on Ursa Minor Beta, in a pair of 30-storey office buildings connected partway up their height by a walkway, so that the entire structure resembled a giant letter H (personal note-There is a system toward the core named H). The relocation of the offices to a resort planet caused the company to lose much of its credibility among its customer base. One of the buildings was uprooted by a squadron of Frogstar fighters and taken to the Frogstar, in an attempt to capture and discipline rogue Galactic President Zaphod Beeblebrox. The Megadodo lobby is always filled with grubby-looking hitchhikers wanting to complain about the Guide's many inaccuracies.

The president of Megadodo Publications is Zarniwoop, who is always too cool to see visitors. Megadodo was criticized by its customers for setting up an artificial universe in order to allow its editors and contributors to collect book information without leaving their offices. Notably secretive (or destructive) about their financial and historical records, the entire company was later (in the novel Mostly Harmless) bought out by Infinidim Enterprises, which stopped selling the Guide to hitchhikers entirely and eliminated all of what Megadodo had once stood for, much to the disapproval of employee Ford Prefect. The takeover was, in fact, part of a new plan by the Vogons to destroy Earth in all possible parallel dimensions – a plan that eventually succeeded."
Last edited: Sep 9, 2019
Reactions:
madbilly, Six6VI, Count dEstard and 3 others