CMDR Hagglebeard
Dec 23, 2018
#4,718
"Queen Vertues court, some call Stellas face,
Prepar'd by Natures chiefest furniture,
Hath his front built of Alabaster pure;
Gold is the covering of that stately place
The doore by which sometimes comes forth her Grace,
Red Porphir is, which locke of pearl makes sure:
Whose porches rich (which name of cheeks endure)
Marble mixt red and white do enterlace.
The windowes now through which this heav'nly guest
Looks over the world, and can find nothing such,
Which dare claime from those lights the name of best.
Of touch they are that without touch doth touch,
Which Cupids selfe from Beauties myne did draw:
Of touch they are, and poore I am their straw."

The door by which sometimes comes forth her Grace. From earlier, discontinued missions, "The door that is also a key."

https://forums.frontier.co.uk/showthread.php/351786-Chasing-Raxxla

Can anyone make anything of this? This player argues that the keystone is some constellation, and seems like it would be a good idea to check all of these systems. Also, we know of at least one 'key' in game - The Ancient Key. If the Guardian, Thargoid, and Raxxla storylines are mixed, then we're going to need one of those. The only guardian beacons I know of are in the Inner orion Spur, some 600-1,000 ly from Sol, in both the Col 173 sector and the Synuefe sector. We might need to bring one of those to Heart and Soul - but since I already travelled out here over the course of many hours and 2 days, I'm going to stay put. Haha. Volunteers are appreciated

---

Gold is the covering of that stately place. Perhaps, this means that the system where the door lies (or must be put, if it is indeed a key) is going to be bathed in golden light - implying that the system centers on a G-star. Right?

---

Red Porphir could mean that Raxxla is a purple-red hue. It's very likely that you'll never see 'Raxxla' in navigation, but you'll know that the unnamed planet you're on is Raxxla somehow.

https://www.gradesaver.com/astrophil-and-stella/study-guide/summary-sonnets-1-31

Maybe this explanation of the sonnets could prove useful? I know I don't understand a lot of the vocabulary used.

---

"Fly, fly, my friends, I have my death wound; fly!
See there that boy, that murthering boy I say,
Who like a thief, hid in dark bush doth lie,
Till bloody bullet get him wrongful prey.
So tyrant he no fitter place could spy,
Nor so fair level in so secret stay,
As that sweet black which veils the heav'nly eye:
There himself with his shot he close doth lay.
Poor passenger, pass now thereby I did,
And stayed pleas'd with the prospect of the place,
While that black hue from me the bad guest hid:
But straight I saw motions of lightning grace,
And then descried the glist'ring of his dart:
But ere I could fly hence, it pierc'd my heart."

A black veil over a heavenly eye. Cat's eye nebula? It would be odd, considering that Cat's eye is practically unreachable.
Last edited: Dec 23, 2018
Reactions:
simulacrae