yelboc
Apr 23, 2022
#26,101
Ughkoff said:
There was a hexagon on Saturn in the horizons. It strongly resembles the Raxxla emblem, but we also didn't find anything there

But here's another interesting thing. To what is the carrier parked at Tionisla 9? and why are the planets/moons grouped like that considering it's a handmade system (moved along with a group of planets from Elite 1984).
carrier coordinates in Tionisla 9 a + b, but there are no such coordinates on the system map
Tionisla a and Tionisla b are very very close to each other, so a gate can be placed between them

I did not find the magazine itself: Micro Bit Computer Magazine 1990, so I will use an extract from another person:

The original Raxxla is a planet with a Coriolis station also named "Raxxla" in Galaxy 9, Andromeda.

Raxxla itself is a feudal world with reptile race with higher technology level than humans. Raxxlans were extremely hostile to every other race. War was what they loved and aimed for. Raxxla itself is not hard to find. Raxxlans will attack without hesitation giving out their location. The closer you get more aggressive they become. Anyone in their territory must be Elite or die. They will give the permit to enter their station after you have proven your skills in battles against them.

Raxxlans had a formed a trade partnership and military alliance with Dark Wheel in 3025. Dark Wheel had an agricultural settlement on the planet Soonji, which was named after Soontil. Only 100 Elite level commanders were allowed to have a residence on this planet due fact Raxxlans did not want large and permanent human settlements near their territory. Soonji was known as a paradise for retirement.

While the alliance was maintained 100 years the trading kept only a few Elites rich. It is known from history that all the snake ships and the first type of Coriolis stations are Raxxlan designed. The Raxxlans were proud reptiles and they named their ships after their feared relatives. This was to remind human beings to respect them while using them.

The trade and military union ended when Dark Wheel entered the forbidden Raxxlan territory with a generation ship. This broke the deal that was made between humans and reptiles. Raxxlans arranged clan wars to declare owners of the systems.

. This was the only known way to find Raxxla without deeper involvement with the Dark Wheel.

.



Technically Raxxlans had a transport system to transfer the planet from system to other systems. The system looked like 5 large towers at both poles of the planet. Therefore it is extremely plausible that Raxxlan planet has been relocated and can be basically found anywhere. Therefore the current location of the planet is unknown.
Click to expand...
I'm sorry to tell you but the micro-bit magazine thing is a hoax . No such article ever existed.
Reactions:
Rochester