Han_Zen
Jan 6, 2023
#28,796
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
The frustrating problem is we have the another species entries in First Encounters journals (believe there were 3 entries). It is unclear if this Oisir/Klaxxian discussion or Guardians). However there was mention on long-standing war with one very curious mention, "The full details of the past are not clear yet. In fact, it is not entirely obvious whether the 'third race' is genuinely extinct or whether they have merely retreated out of range.". Journal included below re: war part. The others were about language and discussion of Dr. Joreb Innitu's research:



More specifics on the long-standing war:


Adding to this Facece has a beacon mentioning androids (aka robots) very specifically:

From Tourist beacon #149 in Facece at Peter's Wreck (Military Base Established):


More on Nesbitt Landing from Alioth at tourist beacon#119 (Caker Coup):


So, the android/cyborg angle is fully back in play as well as the entirety of the Dr. Joreb Innitu saga from First Encounters. The question is now figuring out how that links into the mystery of the third species. I clearly have some investigation work to do when I get back to the Bubble. The sad thing is a lot of this like Nesbitt Landing is on New California in Alioth and we have to wait until those are landable.
Click to expand...
The third race form FFE is interesting. That story is not available when you play the game. FFE was quite buggy, even with all the patches that came out. One annoying thing was that the news feeds stops, after the 'Thargoid missions' are completed. You still get new updates, but it's only old generic stories that are looped back.
The articles in the Journal listings are pulled from the code of the game, so there was obviously plans for more.

It seems to me that stories like the third race, Romeo and Juliet and Mycoid on moon / Killer in your plastic were ment to be an aftermath that pointed to a sequel. Smal hints like 'The Limitations of Light': Relativity Re-examined" may point to a multiplayer game with instant jumps, like we have now.

I think Braben had quite extensive plans for a multiplayer Elite game, as far back as the mid 90s. Some of those ideas have been utilized in ED, some haven't and most have been modified.

When it comes to the Tourist beacons, even those has to be taken with a pinch of salt. Some of them have basically been copied from Gazetteer and Journal texts, without propper proof reading. Other are written by players or taken from player published Galnet articles (I wrote this one, for Canonn: https://eddb.io/attraction/73463). An other example of this is that a Tourist beacon states that Thargoids were first observed in the Veliaze system. Veliaze does of course not exist in ED.
It's just shows how FD doesn't take this as serious as some of us do. They see a bit of inaccurate information as a form of realism. In RL there are lots of storys that doesn't fully ad up.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Jorki Rasalas, John Stoutbeard and 2 others