CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 5, 2023
#28,795
Han_Zen said:
I doubt that the authors had any kind of detailed information on the Guardians, at the time the books were written. I doubt even FD had more than a general idea of how they (Guardians) were going to turn out.
There are quite a few years between the pre-release writers guide and the discovery of the Guardians.
The frustrating problem is we have the another species entries in First Encounters journals (believe there were 3 entries). It is unclear if this Oisir/Klaxxian discussion or Guardians). However there was mention on long-standing war with one very curious mention, "The full details of the past are not clear yet. In fact, it is not entirely obvious whether the 'third race' is genuinely extinct or whether they have merely retreated out of range.". Journal included below re: war part. The others were about language and discussion of Dr. Joreb Innitu's research:

COMMON HISTORY OF VIOLENCE

M.C.S

Both sentient Galactic species share, it seems, a common history of violence. The difference is that whereas humanity confined itself to wiping out members of its own species in the hundreds of thousands in the name of religion and progress, the Thargoids wiped out an entire sentient species. The full details of the past are not clear yet. In fact, it is not entirely obvious whether the 'third race' is genuinely extinct or whether they have merely retreated out of range.

The Thargoid's suggestion is that the third race is aggressive in intent, that it is being held back by fear of our joint technology and that it is likely to attack once more when it believes that its own technology has progressed to the point where it would win an all-out Galactic conflict. Their fear is that if the human/android race explores far beyond the current confines of inhabited space (as is likely once alien technology becomes widely available) then we may be at risk of attack and may even provoke a 'third race' attack on our relatively unprotected sector of the Galaxy.

The alien inter-actors have been at pains to point out that they have no wish whatsoever to enter into any further conflict, with ourselves or any other sentient species and they would almost certainly avoid taking part in any such war unless their own home systems was under direct threat. That leaves us in an almost identical position to the one we were in a short time ago: there are sentients out there, we don't know where they are and we don't know what they want, but there's every chance that they will come and get us - sometime. In view of this, we advise that Federal citizens think carefully before travelling outwith the current safe zone.
Click to expand...

More specifics on the long-standing war:
They are, as predicted by Professor Innitu, inherently peaceable although there appears to have been a long history of warfare in the period before the beginning of what it so be renamed the First Trans-Galactic Conflict (previously known as the Thargoid Wars). In an era corresponding to the second millennium and expanding into the early part of the third, the Thargoids were in a constant state of armed conflict.

What is not yet clear from the details made available is whether the war was inter or intra species - that is, whether Tharg was fighting Tharg (Different races? Different Species? Different cultures? Different politics?) for dominance of a small sector of space or whether there was another, unnamed species involved.

IF the latter was the case, then we must ask ourselves the question: do they still exist? If so, how are they? If not, how and why were they destroyed?
Click to expand...

Adding to this Facece has a beacon mentioning androids (aka robots) very specifically:

From Tourist beacon #149 in Facece at Peter's Wreck (Military Base Established):
In 3104 a permanent military training base was established on Peter's Wreck in the Facece system. Facece had always been known for its strong support and commitment to training the Empire's finest, but the dedicated base signalled a new fervour for military renewal. This renewal was tested when in 3114, the scientists of Nesbitt Landing in Alioth began demonstrating substantial innovations in robotic manufacture and production.

More on Nesbitt Landing from Alioth at tourist beacon#119 (Caker Coup):
In 2853, the science research outpost of Nesbitt Landing was founded. Initially this was to be a joint venture between the Empire and Federation, but when a detailed study into the genetic problems on New California linked the issue with the terraforming of the planet in 2612, the Imperials withdrew from the project.

The matter remained a local issue until, in 2854, responding to pressure from Achenar, Imperial soldiers instigated martial law and attempted to impose a genetic correction programme on the planet. This was precented by a coup against the military garrison by a new Caker sect. Within days, the planet had been secured and an appeal was sent to the Federation for assistance.

A fierce battle ensued; Imperial forces from the orbital refineries began a planetary bombardment, but the arrival of a Federal fleet escalated the conflict. Eventually, the Imperial ships pulled back and Admiral Kracer landed with his marines to cheering crowds in the capital. Kracer retired three years later, settling in New California and later became the colony leader.
Click to expand...

So, the android/cyborg angle is fully back in play as well as the entirety of the Dr. Joreb Innitu saga from First Encounters. The question is now figuring out how that links into the mystery of the third species. I clearly have some investigation work to do when I get back to the Bubble. The sad thing is a lot of this like Nesbitt Landing is on New California in Alioth and we have to wait until those are landable.
Last edited: Jan 5, 2023
Reactions:
Han_Zen