Louis Calvert
Jan 4, 2023
#28,783
John [Panzertard] Stoutbeard said:
Very nice reflection, thank you.
As you said, we may have misunderstood the importance of the artifacts & "col 70 clue". Important to the goids, but for different reasons. As in "PSA: Guardian Tech, stay away" or "Target Alpha", aka a battleplan or pointer to something very important. Important enough to develop their own tech and spread the probes & clues.
In that case it could very much be a pointer to the advanced tech of Guardians, and undiscovered secrets. Aka Raxxla somewhere down the road of the narrative.

All of this is tinfoil of course, but I see no problem with the things we have learned from the Codex.

Ps, hence why I'm already back at the Proteus (Trapezium Sector YU-X C1-2) site, to sniff out the only place we know of where Goids & Guardians met up. Already had a classic crash of "oh noes, POI is broken, ED don't know what to do - let's crash"
Click to expand...
Thanks

I do think the Col 70 sector is... mysterious. I was completely content with the idea of it being "Thargoid Space" for years, and it may be.. but it seems less likely now than it did back then. There's never been any Thargoid encounters near there, no Barnacle sites found near there either. I'm wondering if the whole area is 'dead', the location of the majority of the Thargoid-Guardian war took place there?

Add to that the mysterious Galnet article about the Wreaken construction sites in Col70 just after they massed that fleet back in 3302/03. And Wreaken is actually the oldest megacorp that I can find records for, it dates back to pre-WW3 earth according to the Codex. It pre-dates the Federation, it's older that Sirius corp.

Certainly very strange!

Interested to see how you get on at the Proteus. I went there a few months ago but I didn't go to the Guardian/Thargoid site so I'll go back at some point

SergMx said:
1. Unknown Guardian ships ? Haven't you seen what Guard fighters look like?

2. Not even by flying, just by looking at the codex sector by sector, the Guardian bases are in almost half of the sectors of the galaxy.

Ram Tah talks about massive ark-ships for colonisation and capital-class ships, the tiny fighters we use are cool but they're not Guardian ships, they're guardian-Hybrid ships like our weapons

The Guardians weren't as widespread as you might think. Absolutely not even close to half the sectors of the Galaxy. Obvs we have no idea what's in the pemit locked areas, so that may change things a lot.

Note this map shows aggregated Thargoid encounters too, again, also not at all as widespread as you might think for how ancient they are (obvs we probably just can't detect them).

And this map is brain trees...
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard