CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 6, 2023
#28,800
John [Panzertard] Stoutbeard said:
Personally I think it's just too much imprecise & uncertain information in the narratives & stories for the legacy versions of Elite.
No offense intended to you @CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, I can respect how much you want to dive into and understand the background lore.
I don't mind learning / using the legacy narratives for other things. I personally doubt it has any direct influence on the Raxxla-narrative (or other 1st class narratives) in the current version.
Let's be clear here: the story is designed as confirmed by Allen Stroud that you can believe what you want and make of it what you will. I like him consider "retcons" and all similar terms to be generally bad things despite them happening in any huge and very long story. I also think that while there have been corrections to the lore (see the history First Thargoid Contact beacon), that most were honest mistakes or adjustments to accommodate the expanding play areas of Elite Dangerous. I honestly choose the path of no retcons because you don't write all this lore only to dispose of it. I am here to find Raxxla and The Dark Wheel both of which apparently have been rather deeply obscured.

I respect that others have their own personal narratives and they have every right to them. My advice: just don't come to me claiming the old lore was written for nothing and is now nothing more than a retcon and a sad footnote. I didn't want to be a destroyer but that has unfortunately been necessary with my approach of a unified lore. However, to the maximum extent possible I will respect people's personal narratives. I would rather point people in directions to help them further flesh out their own ideas. We can respect each other and still find this thing. I have my methods and everyone else has their own. We all want this found so let's work together with the understanding there is no wrong approach to the game and its lore. It was written so it could be approached with almost any lore perspective and the players own personal background and everyone can still enjoy it. After all, use of another person's Jaradharre Puzzle Box is considered a great social faux pas.

This entertainment device uses concentrated radiation bursts to detect the desires of the player and automatically creates a game with every feature they could desire. Each unit is unique, and will self customise to represent its owner. Use of another person's puzzle box is considered a great social faux pas.

This rare good is legal in all systems except for Dictatorship systems and Imperial Confederacy systems.

Source: https://inara.cz/elite/commodity/10048/
Last edited: Jan 6, 2023
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard