CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 5, 2023
#28,791
Why I cannot be convinced I should straight up trust the Pilots' Federation - stuff like this from "Galactic News: Economic Turmoil Ahead" from 12 August 3302 (before MetaDrive collapses):

Despite the GFT's report, some commentators blame the downturn on the London Treaty, which was signed by the galaxy's three major powers in 3278 following the introduction of the frame shift drive. The treaty enforces strict tonnage limitations for capital ships, and was aimed at preventing an arms race, but in recent years it has come to be perceived as a barrier to economic development.

One option for investors looking for a risky but possibly lucrative venture is a start-up called MetaDrive Inc., a small company based in the Chi Orionis system specialising in hyperdrive research. The company is reported to be seeking investment.

3278!? You, honestly, cannot trust GalNet any more than you used to be able the superpowers when they talked about each other. So, the Sirius Corporation introducing the Frameshift Drive to market in 3297 was a bunch of bull****. Also, note that this GalNet occurs before MetaDrive had its' now infamous implosion followed by acquisition by Sirius Corporation.

Given all the misdirection involved with the Frameshift Drive, I am forced to conclude

a) We had Frameshift a lot earlier (even than 3278). There were prior names for technology that is functionally equivalent to auto-dock and supercruise assist but terminology was different. The types of drive may or may not be a similar situation.

b) The technology's true origin is Sol.

c) Frameshift may be due to another species (whomever was responsible for Martian Relic). The Martian Relic was apparently one of a great many artifacts found from this species (probably going back to Earth). So, reverse-engineering still is fairly likely.

d) The powers that be lie to further their own agenda whenever it suits them.

Also, do we have ideas on who produces Galactic News?

Last edited: Jan 6, 2023