Thatchinho
Jan 23, 2019
#5,402
Jorki Rasalas said:
I definitely did a full map with the probes ‘cos that’s the first time I used them. Fairly sure I switched to Combat mode fater the scan to check for any signals. That’s when I was surprised the base didn’t show up. I had the coordinates from Canonn page so homed in then it showed up.

As I say, may be a bug. But worth testing if there are other bases that someone hasn’t visited before. It would be a real pain if this mechanism isn‘t actually doing its job, we’re relying on it for DW2, and Raxxla Questing....

p.s. thought I might see some of the old FRifters on DW2, surprised you’re not involved, but I think the only other is Spock. What’s everyone up to nowadays?
one of the reasons I signed up for DW2, apart from having missed the first one & never having done an organised expedition before, was because I suspect FD might release some new storyline out in the black. I took weapons because I’m half-expecting to encounter AI (rogue human or Guardian) or something else of significance. Though I may be wrong
Click to expand...
Yeah, I figured you’d have done the full mapping etc. but thought I’d still better check just in case. I’m playing with a new alt at the moment, and I’ve found the sites fine (one deliberately and one accidentally), so they’re definitely not bugged in general. I’ll take a run out to the Trianguli one when so get chance and see if I get the same as you did.

I’m signed up to DW2, but my main account was already out a little way more or less on the route, so I didn’t come back for the start. Also, I’m in Open, - are you in Fleetcomm?

And yeah, I’ve got some suspicions about about DW2! We’re you watching the DW2 livestream? There was a point where Ed was saying about the stuff on the way and the CG for a station around Sag A*, so I dropped something in the chat along the lines of ‘!!! Interesting! Especially with Supermassive Blackholes being the mothers of galaxies! ’. Ed had an interesting look on his face afterwards!