Eruptor218
Jan 8, 2019
#5,027
Thought I'd bring this back up, after looking at a few things. Wonder if this has more meaning now, especially with the recent re-surface to find Raxxla thanks to the Codex.

Not sure whether it has any real meaning. But after a trip to Tionisla I came across a Tourist Beacon called "Curious Transmission Partially Decoded. It references a Galnet event I remember a year, or so ago with an antique Cobra MK3 around the Tionisla grave yard. Well most of this was just useless lore stuff the message is apparently transmitted after it had been destroyed was : " The Vain Queen rides a Giraffe that remembers her daughter's hero " I may not be up to speed, but it just seems rather curious and wondering does this have any reference to anything? and does anyone here think it might be in anyway related to Raxxla?

https://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDange...us_transmission_partially_decoded_galnet_101/ Is what I've found, which makes some uncanny coincidences with what's been found in here recently. Cassiopeia ect.. Andromeda. And again makes reference to the Heart and Soul Nebulae.

For anyone that didn't use the link

"If anyone else has seen this on Galnet, just thought I could help by dropping what I know or think I may know: The vain queen was Cassiopeia (constellation), Her daughter is Andromeda (constellation & galaxy), the giraffe that Cassiopeia rides is Camelopardalis (constellation), the hero is Perseus (constellation). It's Greek mythology, and I couldn't figure out anything after that, but it seemed like they were prodding and feeding us some bait, so that's what I have to offer".

Could this help us in some way?

EDIT : We know that Raxxla was findable with weaker FSD drives, and often seen he example used of an un-modded / stock Cobra, with this 'Antique Cobra MK3' could represent an older model, which you would assume to have an older drive? Just tin foil but in my eyes it seems to be a reference of hint to Raxxla.
Last edited: Jan 8, 2019