Noobilite
Mar 16, 2019
#6,753
I keep meaning to do tourist stuff. There are odd groups in the middle of nowhere with weird names that only take tourist missions. Like in ngc 1333 with, "The Associates." I think there is nother tourist group in orion nebula in the space hotdog sticking out of it in it's single stations. There are odd stations in odd ngc and other space structures that have possibly unique groups in them. The orion one is a group called something like, "Orion space tourism group." I don't think they are just tourism though. I think they are the main group and take space data as that is why the station is convenient if you explore the orion nebula hotdog.

I am maxed out with the dark wheel in sinatra, but I have never done anything with them after dumping space data on them.

One day I will get my anaconda as a tourist ship and go back to ngc 1333 and max them out. They are one of only two groups there. The main is a mining guild I think and takes space data. The associates are the secondary and only take tourists missions. It is where I found out if you do all donations to the main gruop and there are no missions left for any group you get an error message that says it cant' access the server. This is because there are no missions to access the server wtih. Also the main group takes donatinos constantly and you can buy them out also. I wonder if you can flip them and originall the associates were the main. Maybe if you make them the main again you can get something special. Haven't played with it yet. Obvsiouly donation missions would get the other group ownership over time. Like a switch of statistical inevitability. It's a bit fishy actually and it still sticks out ot me to this day. I need to work on them when I actually finish my other stuff.

If anyone wants to give it a try. Load up a good tourism ship with all business or the one above it modules and go run missions for them. It's in one of the stars next to the nebula. (not california nebula. The small cloud in the ngc 1333 hotdog.)

There are other locations farther out of the bubble with weird potential single system existence. Usually located in asteroid bases.
Last edited: Mar 16, 2019
Reactions:
Old Duck