Rochester
Aug 10, 2023
#31,200
Edelgard von Rhein said:
I struggle with old phraseology like this - does this mean that Eden is one third of the way from heaven to hell?

Milton’s cosmos effectively is four realms, the Empyrean (heaven), Chaos, Hell, and our universe, hung pendent from the floor of the Empyrean.

“As far removed from god and light of heaven as far from the centre thrice to the utmost pole” Paradise Lost - John Milton.

Here Milton effectively states - from, not the terrestrial pole but the universal pole, the distance from heaven to hell is three semi-diameters of the great sphere (or universe) and that our pendent universe (the great sphere) occupied two thirds of the space between (heaven and hell).

But we have to remember this was a poem, and Milton was inconsistent, things are distant and huge, but also small and close, he interchanged these to suit, primarily as we switch perspectives or simply to convey vast cosmological distances and wonder.

But still it fixes these regions and allows us points to navigate and orient ourselves. But the point remains, has FD applied this same Miltonian logic in game?

I find it fascinating, because if you know the location of Hell and Heaven you can work out the location of Eden (Raxxla) in game, but not only that, Milton also provides us a guide on how to get to Eden/Paradise via a fixed point.

This was through the use of Lucifer’s viaduct (bridge), built by Sinn and Death. It reaches all the way from the gates of hell, through chaos and is ‘fixed’ upon the spherical shell of our universe, at the spot where Satan first alighted and in proximity to the margin of the wide opening at its zenith (omphalos rift?).

Find and follow Lucifer’s bridge and you find Eden.

“And now they’ (Sinn and Death) ‘brought the work by wondrous art pontifical a ridge of pendent rock, over the vexed Abyss, following the track of Satan to the self same place where he first lighted” - “with pubs of adamant and chains they made all fast, too fast they made durable” Paradise Lost - John Milton.

This same location was also the location of Milton’s ‘Paradise of Fools’.

Of note there is a Cockaigne system within the Lost Realms area.
Last edited: Aug 10, 2023
Reactions:
Exekrator, Edelgard von Rhein and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian