Rochester
Aug 9, 2023
#31,188
Iron Body said:
"So logically if you know what represents Hell and Heaven, and the axis in game you can calculate where Eden ought to be."

"hell" is almost certainly Tartarus. Which is the name for Hell used by Milton.

I suspect the place to look is halfway twixt Heaven and Hell.

Yes - but only ‘if’ Brookes applied a Miltonian framework. He may not have, but it’s worth a shot.

To remind us all the location of Eden in Paradise Lost does obey geometry, and new developments I believe help establish this but also raise a new possibility.

Remember: ‘As far removed from god and light of heaven as far from the centre three times to the utmost pole’ John Milton - Paradise Lost.

The John Milton conundrum
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-john-milton-conundrum.607684/

The passage of Milton which identifies the distance between heaven and hell is accurate, but various interpretations place Eden a little lower down from the centre, which effectively ought to be the boundary of the heavens, or the ‘Otherworld’.



I have a good assumption that the Greek god systems represented in game depict the heavens (the upper celestial hemisphere), hell - well Tartarus is the deepest void, but the entrance to hell, and it’s higher realms are a little higher up (almost) and closer to Axis Mundi, as is the capital of hell Pandemonium - so my bet is Axis Mundi.

In the potential heaven realm I believe Helios is the most northern deity, this is not only because of it’s classical relationship, but also that it’s position is actually very relative in game to the ‘Anemoi’ systems, the Greek north and south winds (compass).

Now if we follow this new alignment this potentially shifts the alignment so that Hecate as the crossroads to the underworld is now in a new alignment with Yggdrasil.

So potentially - Eden is either between Helios and Axis Mundi; or Helios and Hecate, or if you follow the assessment that the codex is telling us to follow the path of Persephone, to the Lost Realms, it’s simply obfuscated in the lost realms area?

So this raises an interesting conundrum as to whether Brookes applied an accurate mathematical Miltonian model, or he built something else of his own, for instance Yggdrasil.

We also have to take into consideration which model has been utilised to depict Yggdrasil… because the historical ‘maps’ made of Paradise Lost and Yggdrasil differ dramatically, as there is no definitive construct.

They either follow a traditional up/down alignment, or they are tiered…



We have to also remember that the new tour has a path that directs us to these Lost Realms as it does intersect!
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10192931

The Greek Anemoi compass theory
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10129970

Yggdrasil turned on its axis
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10181355

Initially I identified the Anemoi in game as an potential anomaly, later I developed a suspicion it aligned with Yggdrasil, putting the tree on its side so to speak… this is more fitting to the traditional layout of the ash tree as it puts its underworld areas in direct alignment with the Greek underworld…

This theory is now, I feel so more viable, thanks to discussions with @Jorki Rasalas about the Triad Goddesses.

Recently I began mapping the Greek gods and when you take into account Helios as the most northern placed god, he is actually in alignment with the Anemoi compass in game, namely Boreas the north wind, so I now believe the Anemo has a justified reason, and our Yggdrasil tree alignment is on a shifted axis - this fits with various contemporary interpretations of Yggdrasil, as many of its locations don’t follow a traditional up/down alignment but are tiered.

My assumption is still that Raxxla is somewhere in the Lost Reals area, but it may also be closer to Hecate / Artemis?

Below is a diagram comparison of the Greek Gods associated with the myth of Persephone, Helios (the one above) is in correct alignment with Boreas denoting a potential new axis.


* Yellow and Blue systems are Yggdrasil; Green systems are Greek gods; Green line represents the Greek north and South winds (compass); white lines represent the aligned of Greek systems in relation to Persephone.
Last edited: Oct 1, 2023
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, ThArGos, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person