Dox Paradox
Mar 29, 2023
#29,632
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Chi Orionis and Teorge are really lore important. That said, remember just because you were taught something doesn't mean it's entirely true. That lesson applies particularly with Chi Orionis and Teorge. This is given that the Secret Base is a physical impossibility due to insane surface pressure and surface temperature hotter than a lot of stars in Soontill 1. CIEP isn't opposed to TDW, the CIEPers most notably Robert Garry, Elvira Martuuk* were actively involved to cover-up Raxxla. Soontill was the Club's plausible deniability. The same is true for Meta-Drive which literally means something akin to "about (Frameshift) drives". Sirius Corporation invented the FSD back at Sol and it has hardly changed since. Anyone claiming otherwise, is actively seeking to mislead.
----
gnosis (-g·no·sis): From Greek γνῶσις. Knowledge.

1. The higher meaning of Gnosis is knowledge from experience, especially experience of divinity or that which is beyond the five senses. The word Gnosis does not refer to knowledge that we are told or believe in. Gnosis is conscious, experiential knowledge, not merely intellectual or conceptual knowledge, belief, or theory. This term is synonymous with the Hebrew דעת "da'ath," the Arabic ma'rifah, the Tibetan rigpa (knowing), and the Sanskrit "jna."

2. Gnosis can also refer to the tradition that embodies the core wisdom or knowledge of humanity, although in the physical world it has not been known by that name, but instead has adopted varying appearances according to culture, time, and place.

* - Elvira Martuuk is 2nd gatekeeper of TDW and she does actively warn you the Soontill plot was complete rubbish.

Source:
Click to expand...
For the records, there was an intentional typo with Anumclaw which was spelled Arumclaw on Galnet.
As we are about to learn for the Nemesis ship, everything has its purpose.
It's an interesting mistake because an "r" before a "u" look a lot like a "n" if you read fast (which is normally the default mode for the brain, unless one still struggles with lecture).
I believe it is intentional.
To make it short. It could highlight a value by which we are to decode something. "r" to "n" is 4 (r=18th, n=14th). 4 is a "d".
Maybe if we trace back all typos in the news (how?) we could have something.
Or maybe this value, "4" is a key by which we can flip letters to obtain something....
Reactions:
Darrack and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian