CMDRGURU951
Mar 12, 2019
#6,539
My tinfoil about Thargoids, the missing the Lucifer Device nuke, accessing the permit locked Guardian Bubble and the possible future in store for all of us.

Repeatedly on this quest we have came across Sirius and their control and possession of Thargoid technologies and our limitations to those toys and tools as well as the importance of putting a stop to that.
They are the poster boys and girls of the power hungry elites that control our fates and access.
And the concern over Corporate Control vs Democratic control and the great war looming on our horizon was a common theme on the journey.
True Democracy was born and died in Athens Greece, and like the wheel of Fortuna its time will come again and Spring will occur.
Democracy followed where Alexander went.
Repeatedly the theme of a great war such as WW2 had crossed our paths, and the heroes involved in it as well, primarily in the names of stations.
Sirius has 2 bodies in system, Lucifer and WayPoint (A stopping point in a journey.)

A Thar is a a type of goat:
"Nepali name for the mainland serow, Capricornis sumatraensis, also known as a Kashmirga.
also a type of goat found in the Thai-Malay Peninsula and on the Indonesian island of Sumatra."

Alexander is connected to Sumatra the Island and their royal bloodline, lineage, in the Malayan Epic, Hikayat Iskandar Zulkarnain.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hikayat_Iskandar_Zulkarnain

"describing fictional exploits of Iskandar Zulkarnain (Alexander the Great), a king who was briefly mentioned in the Quran (18:82-100) .
The oldest existing manuscript is dated 1713, but is in a poor state. Another manuscript was copied by Muhammad Cing Sa`idullah at about 1830."

Alexander controlled Kashmir, home of the Thar, in India and Alex was rumored to have found the Fountain of Youth in India.
Prestor John (As mentioned in the codex) also claimed to have found it.
Though his story has placed it in Florida. Remember this, Florida and the Fountain of youth. We will get back to this aspect.
https://www.nationalgeographic.com/archaeology-and-history/archaeology/fountain-of-youth/

"Alexander the Great, who conquered most of the known world before he died around 323 B.C., may have been looking for a river that healed the ravages of age.
During the 12th century A.D., a king known to Europeans as Prester John supposedly ruled a land that had a river of gold and a fountain of youth."

Alexander also went to Nysa, the land where persephone was abducted by Hades, though in the Nepalese version of the story Nysa is called Meru (Spine).
Remember, as stated above, that Alex may have been looking for a river.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greek_conquests_in_India

"According to a legend, when Alexander the Great reached a city called Nysa near the Indus river, the locals said that their city was founded by Dionysus in the distant past
and their city was dedicated to the god Dionysus."

Dionysus is the Greek God of Wine & the Grape Harvest. Demeter is a goddess of the Harvest.

Meru (Spine) is a body in the Wakea system (Implying to Wake), which is the Hawaiian story of the marriage of Heaven and Earth
and the creation of the first man on the island. The island.
Alexandra station is there, as is Goldstein Park planetary outpost. Remember El Dorado (The lost city of Gold) mentioned in the codex?
Stein is a mug. What better tool to take a drink than with a Gold Stein?
Also, we have the body Kaliash in system. There's a discrepancy in the spelling of Kailash and Kaliash, but I think you get the meaning.
Mt Kailash is the home of Mt Meru, Nysa.

"In Hinduism, Shiva (Supreme being) resided at the summit of a Mt Kailāsh, where he sat in a state of meditation (Basically asleep) along with his wife Pārvatī."
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mount_Kailash

Like Persephone and Demeter, Shiva is cyclical in nature.
http://www.bbc.co.uk/religion/religions/hinduism/deities/shiva.shtml

"Shiva is the third god in the Hindu triumvirate. The triumvirate consists of three gods who are responsible for the creation, upkeep and destruction of the world. The other two gods are Brahma and Vishnu. Brahma is the creator of the universe while Vishnu is the preserver of it."

Back to Bohmshom, the Low Profile Workshop, and the body Epirus in system.
Remember, Epirus is where Alex stashed his wife when he went to go see the Oracle in Egypt. Shiva's wife is at Mt. Kailash, and Alex's wife is at Eripus.

Now, back to Florida.
It appears that Prestor John's Fountain of Youth is widely believed to be in Florida.
https://www.nationalgeographic.com/archaeology-and-history/archaeology/fountain-of-youth/

"But the name linked most closely to the search for a fountain of youth is 16th-century Spanish explorer Juan Ponce de Leon (possible shipmate of Columbus), who allegedly thought it would be found in Florida. In St. Augustine, the oldest city in the U.S., there's a tourist attraction dating back a century that purports—albeit in a tongue-in-cheek way—to be the fountain of youth that Ponce de Leon discovered soon after he arrived in what is now Florida in 1513"

Go to Sol. Go to Earth and find Florida for me.
You can't, because it sank with the rising seas caused by Climate Change, just as we expect to happen in our current situation here on Earth.
It was lost, sunk like Atlantis.
What else was in Florida in the past of 3304?
NASA and Cape Canaveral. Remember that during times of war, everything is put on the back burner in order to deal with the War efforts.
There are not many things that will stifle human development and advancement like great world wars do. World War 2 and 3 left the USA in control, of nearly everything.

Now go the the Orion constellation near Barnard's Loop and there you will find a long strip of stars piercing the eye of Barnard, the pupil itself.
Within that strip of stars you will find Numerous names which are memorials to astronauts, cosmonauts and astronomers, including many Apollo crew members, such a McDivitt, the first man to do a space walk and CMDR Grissom which was a member of the Apollo 1 mission, which resulted in the death of all 3 pilots.
Command Pilot Virgil I. "Gus" Grissom, Senior Pilot Ed White and Pilot Roger B. Chaffee.

Roger Chaffee....Roger Chaffee had a star named after him, Gamma Velorum, a Wolf Rayet, which is permit locked in the Regor Sector, the Guardian Bubble.
Regor, Gamma Velorum, is in the Argo Navis constellation. Originally a large single constellation now broken down into three, Carina, Puppis and Vela constellations.
Argo navis is the story of Jason (Ryder) and his quest for the Golden Fleece.
Gamma Velorum is the only star within Argo Navis that is locked and inaccessible.

"Apollo astronauts frequently aligned their spacecraft inertial navigation platforms and determined their positions relative to the Earth and Moon by sighting sets of stars with optical instruments. As a practical joke, the Apollo 1 crew named three of the stars in the Apollo catalog after themselves and introduced them into NASA documentation. Gamma Cassiopeiae became Navi – Ivan (Gus Grissom's middle name) spelled backwards. Iota Ursae Majoris became Dnoces – "Second" spelled backwards, for Edward H. White II. And Gamma Velorum became Regor – Roger (Chaffee) spelled backwards. These names quickly stuck after the Apollo 1 accident and were regularly used by later Apollo crews."
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apollo_1

Plutarch identified Argo with the Egyptian constellation called the "Boat of Osiris.
Remember that Alexander went into Egypt to visit the Oracle, Aman Ra, Osiris, at the Siwah Oasis to prove his lineage as a God and a Pharaoh.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argo_Navis

The Cete Gen Ship speaks of the search for the Guardian homeworld and rumor to stating that it might actually be known.
https://canonn.science/news/new-megaship-found-the-cete/

"The ship logs tell a strange tale of suspicion, madness and attempted mutiny. Following the megaship discovery a number of Guardian Ruins were also found in the system."

"He claims to have information that will help us find more sites, but he’s keeping it close to his chest. Only he and the pilot know where we’re going. It’s like he’s afraid someone will take credit for his discovery. We’ve been scanning lifeless planetoids for days, eyeballing the ground for locations."

"He keeps reciting the same little speech: “Xeno-achaeology has moved on. The days of exploring the outer reaches, only occasionally finding something of value, are behind us. I have found the key.”

So, Thar is a goat, presumably Lucifer.
But, Alexander was also known as a 2 horned figure and coincidentally Rams butt heads.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_the_Great_in_legend

"Dhul-Qarnayn, "he of the two horns" (or “he of the two ages”), appears in Surah 18 verses 83-101 of the Quran one who travels to east and west and erects a wall between mankind and Gog and Magog (called Ya'juj and Ma'juj).[1] Elsewhere the Quran tells how the end of the world would be signaled by the release of Gog and Magog from behind the wall, and their destruction by God in a single night would usher in the Day of Resurrection (Yawm al-Qiyāmah).[2] Similarities between the Quran and the Syriac Alexander Legend were also identified in recent research."

Gog and Magog were featured in the Book of Revelations, the Book of John (John Jameson).
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gog_and_Magog

"the Gates of Alexander were erected by Alexander the Great to repel the tribe."
The pathways leading to the center of the Raxxla image appear to have 6, two door gates.


Now onto the last half, and this part will be short.

Goid means to Steal, theft.
https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/goid#Etymology

"From Old Irish gataid (“take away, steal”)."

Sirius, home of Lucifer, has stolen and suppressed our advancement and capabilities for much longer than needed and Democracy followed in the Wake of Alexander.
Is the Great war of 3305 upon us and at our doorstep?
"Mother will they drop the bomb?"
Will Democracy be restored and the tools, toys and technology be put into our hands and control?

Thar (Lucifer)-Goid (To Steal)

This might all be connected. It might not. Thanks for reading.
o7
Last edited: Mar 12, 2019
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, Dr. Nagi and Macros Black