Xaintly
Mar 11, 2019
#6,537
I wanted to see if there was anything hidden in the Dark Wheel toast to Raxxla. It's a pretty vague clue, so looking at it from a different angle could help.
I switched my language to German and Spanish (from the launcher, options > language, it will take a while to reload) and went to the codex entry on Raxxla again.

Here's the German toast:
“Auf das Juwel, das an der Stirn der Mutter aller Galaxien strahlt! Auf das Flüstern in der Schäwrze des Alls, die Sirene im tiefsten Nichts! Auf der Eltern Gram, der Geliebten Klage und die Sehnsucht eines jeden Vagabunden. Auf Raxxla!”


Then I translated that with Google Translate (anyone speak German? I'd love to know how accurate this is):
On the jewel that shines on the forehead of the mother of all galaxies! On the whisper in the darkness of the universe, the siren in the deepest nothing! On the parents grief, the lover's lament and the yearning of every rover. On Raxxla!

Here's the Spanish toast:
¡Por la joya que arde en la cima de la madre de las galaxias! ¡Por la susurradora del hiperespacio, la sirena en la profundidad del vacio! Por la aflicción paternal, el infortunio del amante y el anhelo de nuestros corazones errantes. ¡Por Raxxla!

And the Spanish translation:
For the jewel that burns at the top of the mother of the galaxies! For the whisper of hyperspace, the siren in the depth of emptiness! For the paternal affliction, the misfortune of the lover and the longing of our wandering hearts. By Raxxla!


And, for reference again, the English-language toast:
"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!"

I know we assumed Zeta Cassopeia was the Jewel That burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies. That's because Cassiopeia is the mother of Andromeda, which is a galaxy. However, if the German changes to "mother of ALL galaxies", then it might point in a different direction... Milky Way? The Big Bang? Spanish becomes "jewel that burns AT THE TOP of the Mother of THE galaxies.". I know someone brought that part up before.

Other changes:
"Witch-space" becomes "darkness of the universe" and "hyperspace"
"Siren of the deepest void" becomes "siren in the deepest nothing" [I checked and the galactic region called "The Void" in English is still called The Void in German]
Sentences have 13, 13, 13, 2 words in English/German, but 14, 12, 15, 2 in Spanish. Syllable count is also different in all languages.

Stuff that stayed the same:
Art Tornqvist & Cora from Tau Ceti
Atlantis, El Dorado, Prester John (Atlantida, El Dorado, Preste Juan)
Omphalos Rift / Omphalos-Rift / fisura Ónfalo
Fernweh
Raxxla

Fernnweh, Raxxla and the names from the story are the only words preserved across the languages.
We still have references to the Omphalos (navel? center? specific rock in greek legend?). and something on the head of a mother who has something to do with at least one (but possibly more) galaxies.
Last edited: Mar 14, 2019
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, CMDRGURU951 and Scytale