Noobilite
Aug 13, 2019
#10,632
PeteACarter said:
"This area of space is freaking me out. Could have sworn I heard some weird voices in the last jump."
"The lights in witch-space are coming for me, the lights… always the lights… they’re calling to me… a siren song… I must join them…"
"It’s an apt name, some of the guys are going space crazy out here in the void."
Any of this sound familiar from a RAXXLA perspective. I think I'm going to postpone my trip around the rim and head out there. I think that there is a good chance we were meant to find Raxxla during the Rift mystery.

EDIT: Whispers in witch space. Sirens in the Void. Club/Rift mystery aside - WHY is this not our primary objective for investigation into Raxxla. Yes, I know there will be no clues, but this is a pretty big one, if you ask me! Or specifically, the codex entry is telling us we missed Raxxla when we were in the Rift!

Is this not a tiny bit obvious, so we know what we are doing???
Click to expand...

I stopped playing the game, but there is a triangle star setup you can find near one of the named stars in the middle of the orion hot dog I never got back to. You can see it in witch space as you jump. It's near the actual little nebual on the side facing the barnards loop.

Maybe someday I'll get back to trying to completely explore each of the massive hotdogs. I was really hoping for a way to see which systems had unexplored stuff in it because I died and lost 2/3ds of the one I was exploreing once and got tired of doing it after that.

I don't know why we can't have simple tools to help with mistakes. This game is it's own worst enemy.

DrewCarnegie said:
That timeline leans very strongly on two assumptions:

1. There are clues
2. FDev want us to find Raxxla soon

It also takes as a starting point the idea that FD wanted to entangle the only two mysteries in the game at release - which makes absolutely no sense to me.

Maybe they have preexisting story line they want to play out as the entire point of the game. Could explain the games iceberg slow development.

Hanerib said:
The "Reptilian Raxxla" thing is a very old hoax. You can't find much information about it or the original story in english, because this magazine is not english. It's being mixed up with various russian versions of elite, which unlike the legend, though likely original inspiration for it, actually were real, ingenious, and totally unofficial.

Drew probably has his own version of Raxxla. DB either has his own also, or is confused about all the fuss, because it never was something one should seriously go searching for, perhaps a mix of these two. How are legends born?

No the original raxxla reptile thing is from books and artwork that predates elite 1984 and the game takes inspiration from at minimum.
Last edited: Aug 13, 2019
Reactions:
PeteACarter, TotallySirius and [PS4] Filthymick420