Jermus
Jan 29, 2018
#1,576
Jaiotu said:
Okay. So. The logic:

In 1980 Robert Holdstock's The Alien World, written under the pseudonym of Steven Eisler, is published. This is the first known reference to something named "Raxxla" and also contains a reference to a people collectively known as The Dark Wheel. A people who had been displaced in time and space by passing through a wormhole.

In 1981 Robert Holdstock's Where Time Winds Blow is published. As the name suggests Time Travel is a key element within the narrative. It may just be possible that Holdstock was aware of a very obscure time travel novel published in 1939 by, of all people, a nun named Sister Mary Catherine. This particular novel, now long out of print and largely forgotten, had a very interesting title: The Dark Wheel.

The title page of S.M.C.'s The Dark Wheel contains a quote:

"Not thine to understand
How the two worlds accord,—
The will of Love, our Lord,
With this dark wheel of Time."


As it turns out "" is a Trilogy of poetic verses by Alfred Noyes. Noyes had been invited to attend the "first light" of the Hooker Telescope at the Mount Wilson Observatory. Book I of this Trilogy, , opens with a prologue subtitled as "The Observatory" and chronicles this event. After the prologue comes seven poems dedicated to seven scientists: Nicolaus Copernicus, Tycho Brahe, Johannes Kepler, Galileo Galilei, Isaac Newton, and William and John Herschel.

The second book of the Trilogy, , starts in ancient Greece with Pythagoras and Aristotle, it then moves to the Middle East for Farabi and Avicenna. The scene then shifts successively to Italy for Leonardo, France for Guettard, Sweden for Linnaeus, France again for Buffon, Lamarck, Lavoisier, and Cuvier, and then Germany for Goethe, before ending in England with Darwin.

The third book, in which we find The Dark Wheel quote, chronicles a ship at sea on which a young girl is dying. Her chances aren't good ... until it is discovered that a specialist from John Hopkins is on another ocean liner that is within wireless range. This specialist can talk the surgeon through the operation leading to the possibility that "they" may save her after all.

Reflecting on this the poet realizes that "They" are all the seekers and discoverers of scientific truths through the ages – people like Harvey, Pasteur and Lister in the field of medicine or Faraday, Maxwell and Hertz in the development of the wireless.

Circling back around ... if there is a connection tying Holdstock to Noyes through Sister Mary Catherine then it is quite possible that whatever star the Hooker Telescope beheld on that November night 101 years ago just might be a key to finding Raxxla.

...or I could be overestimating Frontier entirely.

Triggered by this post I contacted Mount Wilson and asked them if they knew what star was honoured to be the "first light" of the 100-inch telescope that night.

The answer came in just now (this thread goes waaay too fast already):

From: Mount Wilson <mountwilsoninst@gmail.com>
Re: Contact New Form submitted on Mount Wilson Observatory

Although it is not recorded in any written record we have encountered, "word of mouth" passed down over the years has "Sirius" as the target, although "Vega" could also have been.

Best regards,

MW

... to add some fuel ...
Reactions:
Jaiotu and Han_Zen