JulesD
J
Jan 29, 2018
#1,562
Jaiotu said:
Okay. So. The logic:

In 1980 Robert Holdstock's The Alien World, written under the pseudonym of Steven Eisler, is published. This is the first known reference to something named "Raxxla" and also contains a reference to a people collectively known as The Dark Wheel. A people who had been displaced in time and space by passing through a wormhole.

In 1981 Robert Holdstock's Where Time Winds Blow is published. As the name suggests Time Travel is a key element within the narrative. It may just be possible that Holdstock was aware of a very obscure time travel novel published in 1939 by, of all people, a nun named Sister Mary Catherine. This particular novel, now long out of print and largely forgotten, had a very interesting title: The Dark Wheel.

The title page of S.M.C.'s The Dark Wheel contains a quote:

"Not thine to understand
How the two worlds accord,—
The will of Love, our Lord,
With this dark wheel of Time."


As it turns out "" is a Trilogy of poetic verses by Alfred Noyes. Noyes had been invited to attend the "first light" of the Hooker Telescope at the Mount Wilson Observatory. Book I of this Trilogy, , opens with a prologue subtitled as "The Observatory" and chronicles this event. After the prologue comes seven poems dedicated to seven scientists: Nicolaus Copernicus, Tycho Brahe, Johannes Kepler, Galileo Galilei, Isaac Newton, and William and John Herschel.

The second book of the Trilogy, , starts in ancient Greece with Pythagoras and Aristotle, it then moves to the Middle East for Farabi and Avicenna. The scene then shifts successively to Italy for Leonardo, France for Guettard, Sweden for Linnaeus, France again for Buffon, Lamarck, Lavoisier, and Cuvier, and then Germany for Goethe, before ending in England with Darwin.

The third book, in which we find The Dark Wheel quote, chronicles a ship at sea on which a young girl is dying. Her chances aren't good ... until it is discovered that a specialist from John Hopkins is on another ocean liner that is within wireless range. This specialist can talk the surgeon through the operation leading to the possibility that "they" may save her after all.

Reflecting on this the poet realizes that "They" are all the seekers and discoverers of scientific truths through the ages – people like Harvey, Pasteur and Lister in the field of medicine or Faraday, Maxwell and Hertz in the development of the wireless.

Circling back around ... if there is a connection tying Holdstock to Noyes through Sister Mary Catherine then it is quite possible that whatever star the Hooker Telescope beheld on that November night 101 years ago just might be a key to finding Raxxla.

...or I could be overestimating Frontier entirely.


Found this reference...

"The first attempt at First Light seems to have occurred on the evening of November 2, when the telescope was pointed toward Jupiter. However, the image was quite poor, and the astronomers in attendance [George Ellery Hale (first Mount Wilson Observatory Director), Walter S. Adams (second Mount Wilson Observatory Director), George W. Ritchey (also telescope-maker), Francis G. Pease (also designer of the Hooker Telescope), and Ferdinand Ellerman] feared the mirror may be defective (as happened in 1990 after the orbiting of the Hubble Space Telescope).

However, the telescope dome had been open most of the day, for construction workers to finish their work. The scientists decided the observatory interior, including the mirror, was not cool enough for proper observations. So, they agreed to allow the mirror to cool and come back later.


When George Hale and Walter Adams returned at around 3:00 on the morning of November 3, they pointed the new telescope at the bright star Vega (although the star viewed is in dispute). They saw a very sharp image of this celestial object, which is considered the actual First Light."

from

http://spacewatchtower.blogspot.co.uk/2017/11/centennial-mt-wilson-observatorys-100.html
Last edited: Jan 29, 2018