Thatchinho
Jan 29, 2018
#1,572
Jaiotu said:
Major Tin Foil ahead.

"... on Raxxla there's an alien construct that's a gateway to other Universes, and all that's in those Universes in the way of bounty, and treasures, and aliens, and life . . ."

"there are people on Raxxla already. This is only a guess, mind you, but from what happened to Jason I'd say it was close to being right. We've long suspected that a corps of élites lives there, and are exploiting the gateway. They're powerful, twisted men." - Rafe Zetter.

The only thing special about Raxxla itself is the Gateway. All the really good stuff is on the other side of Raxxla, beyond door so to speak.

Raxxla itself is already occupied. By powerful and twisted men. Elites who are exploiting the Gateway.

Let's listen to Rafe one more time:

Remember the Antares? Vice President Nigel Smeaton? Assassinated when he got to close to the truth behind the Antares. It looked for a time that Core Dynamics might have been behind things. Over a year ago (on the Rift Thread) I shared my suspicions that Core Dynamics is nothing but a front for Sirius Corporation.

Sirius Corp, whose tech sometimes seems to leapfrog the rest of the industry is a pretty good match for Rafe's description of the people occupying and exploiting the Raxxla gateway.

Out of rep at the moment. I've often thought a lot of these things point to Sirius. The most recent (in terms of emergence) of these is Sirius as the corporate benefactors (& ultimate recipients) of a lot of the R&D and retroengineering done under the INRA banner.

Having said that, on the INRA front, if the logs are genuine and the supposition that the corporate entitiy involved is Sirius then that would provide the source of much of Sirius's leapfrogging the rest of the industry and it reduces the likelihood of it being Raxxla related.

My concern with Sirius as a candidate in general is that I kind of feel as though everything points a bit too easily at Sirius. It could be a double bluff admittedly, but I tend to think that Sirius and the ECoPTM are different.
Reactions:
Jaiotu