lorrad
Jan 29, 2018
#1,570
Jaiotu said:
Major Tin Foil ahead.

"... on Raxxla there's an alien construct that's a gateway to other Universes, and all that's in those Universes in the way of bounty, and treasures, and aliens, and life . . ."

"there are people on Raxxla already. This is only a guess, mind you, but from what happened to Jason I'd say it was close to being right. We've long suspected that a corps of élites lives there, and are exploiting the gateway. They're powerful, twisted men." - Rafe Zetter.

The only thing special about Raxxla itself is the Gateway. All the really good stuff is on the other side of Raxxla, beyond door so to speak.

Raxxla itself is already occupied. By powerful and twisted men. Elites who are exploiting the Gateway.

Let's listen to Rafe one more time:

Remember the Antares? Vice President Nigel Smeaton? Assassinated when he got to close to the truth behind the Antares. It looked for a time that Core Dynamics might have been behind things. Over a year ago (on the Rift Thread) I shared my suspicions that Core Dynamics is nothing but a front for Sirius Corporation.

Sirius Corp, whose tech sometimes seems to leapfrog the rest of the industry is a pretty good match for Rafe's description of the people occupying and exploiting the Raxxla gateway.

"They're powerful, twisted men. Powerful enough to hire an assassin to kill the threat to their dominance." - The PewPew Crowd

Dedicated whining sociopaths determined to get their way who'll never stop, never give-up and never end.

When Brooks and Braben left, the terrified staff stormed their offices and ripped the story boarding off the walls, dumped it all in the recycle and then set fire to the dumpsters, finally free to spend all their time trying to satisfy the insatiable and freeing us all to persue our "personal narrative". You're on your own mate.

As for stellarium, you'd probably be better off attempting to contact the estates and descendants of the principles at the observation and beg to rustle through their papers. Or ask Brooks, "did you do this?"

Fine gold-leafing there, tinfoil is so yesterday.
Reactions:
Jaiotu