Vetinari
V
Sep 6, 2019
#11,974
Nothing to hide? Paranoia (or history) would say that some organisations or state powers would love to have to come to power and have previous records of behaviour of everybody so they can 'choose' who has 'something to hide' and find them easily on day 1 without having to start mass surveillance of the population.

I may have nothing to hide from the Government, i may have lots to hide from Google, Facebook and mainly their manipulative advertisers and far more sinister political organisations using symmetrics and algorithms to twist online adverts to get a certain message across. I may have lots to hide from a govt in 20 years that I haven't even thought about yet. If my data isn't there it cant be used, if it is, it is no longer my data in any usual sense of understanding, its now a tool for someone else to use to manipulate me at best or harass or decide I'm an 'undesirable' at worst. Not just now, forever, once its out there.

Anyway....I DSS about 99% of what I visit, which is why it takes me so long to get anywhere...'Trust No-one', in this sense meaning I have a mate who DSS's and half the time doesn't even look at the Nav Panel to see what has been resolved! Currently I have over 5,000 Efficiency Bonuses for DSS but not a clue the total number of planets scanned, don't know if this is a lot or a few compared to average?

Crashed Ship POI - They only resolve for me, it seems, if I do DSS the planet, not from the Nav Beacon or just flying by, is that right or am I just too quick with the DSS? If so, then theres the game-mechanic right there maybe.

Raxxla doesn't have to be a place we can see, it just has to be a place we can 'jump' to. Meaning we may all be able to jump from 'anywhere' or specific to each individual, locations and end up at the same place. Raxxla just has to be somewhere that the Jumpdrive can get to. We 'choose' the system and the jumpdrive gets us there. In reality its a loading screen and we just tell the program what to load. Nothing to stop an 'unknown' destination being chosen to load instead if certain conditions are met at jump initiation. I'm not explaining this well at all...Raxxla doesn't have to be a fixed point in the Universe as such, If you find it I can't just jump there by getting within 50LY for example, it won't be 'there', it just has to be a destination, the from may not be as important as we think. It may be more the how and the why or the when even.

Were the Thargoid sites in game from the start? Were the Pleiades locked or how did they get around this, just saying people missed them or did they put them in un-visited systems? I know the Rift mystery was an Anaconda on day 1, it was updated as the game developed but it was there on day 1. Not a lot of risk of someone finding it really by accident, the chances are literally astronomical.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Six6VI and PeteACarter