Louis Calvert
Dec 10, 2024
#35,515
Jorki Rasalas said:
which superpower did Michael Brookes support/favour?
Alliance? Federation? Empire?

I'm sure I heard him favour one during a livestream, but I can't remember which...Im still considering the hint in Legacy that Raxxla is in Alliance space.
The only way the idea that "Raxxla is in Alliance space" makes sense is if Alliance space expanded to encompass Raxxla very recently.

Raxxla has been know about since "The earliest days of interstellar travel", and the Alliance was formed from a rebellion after 3228.

Nothing in the history of the Alliance seems to suggest that its formation was related to anything other than a rebellion against exploitation and the desire to be 'not part of the Empire or Federation'. Therefore what you seem to suggest here is that the Alliance accidentally expanded to encompass Raxxla? Or you're theorising that Raxxla is moveable and was put in Alliance space? Or the Alliance leadership deliberately expanded territory to include Raxxla once they discovered it somehow?

While the Alliance's early history around some prominent individuals (from the FFE era) have certainly had a major impact on the Galaxy - I wouldn't put it past the Turner Family to have some ideas about Raxxla - I find it questionable to conclude that Raxxla is in Alliance space because the main character in that novel (who is basically a Luke Skywalker-style youth that's grown up entirely within one asteroid mine) wants to go look for Raxxla, and she's in Alliance space. We might also conclude that Raxxla is in the Federation since Art Tornqvist mentions it in a similar context in the Codex?

Still, you might have more luck considering the juxtaposition between the extant of human-explored space in Art Tornqvist's time versus the Alliance territory in Julia's time, because, logically, if Raxxla is in Alliance space, and Tornqvist knows about the myth of Raxxla almost a thousand years before, then there must be a venn diagram of systems that could have been discovered in the 2200's to start the Raxxla myth that are part of Alliance space in the 3300's.

I'd be much more inclined to buy into this idea* if there were other factors to support the Raxxla-Alliance location, but so far there doesn't seem to be any?

If we're looking at the official novels, it's arguably more likely that And Here The Wheel contains hints to Raxxla, since that actually focuses on an offshoot of The Dark Wheel, and mentions the Ryder family by name and fills in some background on them in Elite Dangerous - this also fundamentally canonises at least the Ryder name and their prominent position in the hunt for Raxxla and position within The Dark Wheel organisation, and the fact that the Dark Wheel never found Raxxla. This post from John Harper contains some context details.

Q: ... the Dark Wheel didn't find Raxxla.

A: ...AT THE TIME OF WRITING THIS WAS TRUE AS PER INFORMATION PROVIDED BY FD...

We can learn a lot from the fact that the Dark Wheel spent a thousand years looking for Raxxla and didn't find it. We can also consider that probably most of human-colonised space has been searched by the Dark Wheel during this time. The Great Raxxla Potato Hunt group here on the forums has scanned a vast portion of the bubble in just a few years... make that slower due to older hyperdrives (and consider the bubble was smaller), and it's reasonable to think that the Dark Wheel has already scoured human space before we got on the scene!

As I've talked about before, the major thing we have now is the ability to easily explore the entire galaxy. That simply wasn't possible prior to the late 3290s. Anyone playing FE2 or FFE knows that exploring human space and the Frontier was relatively easy in the end-game, the killer was ship maintenance outside the Frontier systems. This, in my opinion, lends weight to the idea that Raxxla, or whatever is discoverable in that way, lies outside the bubble - or outside the realm of 'common human explorations'. We know that with extreme funding it was possible for ships to reach a few kilolights outside the bubble prior to FSD, but every story that includes that reinforces the extreme danger and hardship of such travels, and that many never returned.

*in theory