Louis Calvert
Dec 11, 2024
#35,519
Consider: what seems like magical alien technology in the 2200's might be something we in 3300 consider commonplace. Therefore Raxxla to us might be "boring", or "not useful", it might be little more than a historical footnote for most people.

Imagine a car from 1973 being dropped back in time to the vague Middle Ages with a suitable amount of petrol and an enthusiastic shotgun-owning American man at the wheel, like this real-life recording of such an event:


I'm not saying that Raxxla is a 1973 Oldsmobile, but maybe Raxxla to us in the 3300's is the equivalent of a 1973 Oldsmobile displaced in time six hundred years. It was once a near-magical bit of technology that served as the cornerstone of R&D for whoever had it, but now it just represents a historical footnote and proof that there's weird stuff out there.

It's entirely possible (likely) that whatever Raxxla is now is significantly less impressive to us than it would have been to someone in 2290, especially if - as is stated in the Codex - Raxxla has already been 'leveraged' by some sole tyrant or sinister cabal.

Consider that our FSD, from the outside, essentially has us magically appearing next to our targets anywhere in a system, and travelling many times faster than light casually. Imagine in an era where Hyperdrive is this: (Glanet) "The first commercially available hyperspace system was known as the 'Faraway Jump'. The Faraway system was far from perfect, however, depending on a complex network of monitoring satellites, branch lines, stop points and rescue stations – which took hundreds of years to establish – to operate smoothly."

And imagine if Raxxla allowed someone to develop 'fast Hyperdrive' like we have today (or even the Galcop Qurium drive) back in the era of Faraway. Someone with such a drive would be able to "magically" drop in on people, they'd be able to travel outside the Faraway network they'd be able to jump ahead to meet targets coming out of Faraway... That would give them the leverage to be able to dominate any area of space. If you had a small fleet of ships with fast-hyperdrives... you'd own space.

Maybe even create the myth of aliens or pirates ravaging areas that the people controlling Raxxla didn't want anyone to go, right? Like you find a planet loaded with rare minerals you want to mine, so you use your fast-hyperdrive to terrorise any explorers or nearby space lanes for a few years, and suddenly your 'goldrush' planet isn't on anyone's plans for expansion. Maybe you could even make entire battlegroups "vanish" this way...



There are other examples of mysterious ship disappearances in the lore. Some are definitely Thargoids, some are maybe Thargoids, some are maybe not Thargoids...
Reactions:
Rochester and Neestar