Jorki Rasalas
Dec 7, 2024
#35,508
selbie said:
<snipped>

selbie said:
The codex's emphasis on a children's story, by a male author, who was 'concealing facts' is also intriguing. Riddles, kenning and metaphors are a form of concealing facts (truths). What if "children's story" is a play on words to mean it is a story of children - not in the juvenile sense, just literally the sons and daughters of parents. This would make sense in the context of Legacy - Julia the daughter who inherits power, and Darek her father grieving his wife and lover.

<snipped>
I wonder how much trust we can/should place on MB's novel Elite Legacy in relation to the Quest.?
In that book
"Julia as a girl dreamed of being the first pilot to discover Raxxla....as a girl Julia grew up without toys with a single possession, a book about a young man’s quest to save a princess from an alien dragon locked alone each day in the tiny family cell while her parents slaved in the mines. She hoped to keep her Eagle as she’d grown accustomed to its idiosyncrasies...whether it was a suitable ship for travelling all the way to Alliance space was another matter”.

This appears on the face of it to indicate Raxxla is located in Alliance space, which might tie in with MB's words and expression during the Elite: Dangerous Fiction Diary #1 - @7mins30 MB said “When you’re travelling in Alliance space make sure you’re not accidentally smuggling something illegal” with big grin and fixed look for several seconds....but is that clue too obviousand therefore obfuscation?

Carrying on from @selbie 's thought above, if we consider children (plural) then I think we should ignore Julia (she was an only child) but we could consider her father & his siblings: Darik, Lee (viper pilot), Mervan (Fdl), & Selene (viper). Now "dragon" derives from ancient Greek where it meant giant serpent, and there is a definite snake theme in this game with the ship type naming convention. The children's story echoes the phrasing in the codex, so I suspect this might be a clue, but if so I think it will be obtuse. There might be an anagram of some the phrasing involved, or some form of cryptic hint. There is at least one serpent depicted in MB's tattoo, which I think is another clue to Raxxla.
Edit
Wikipedia has some interesting things about Python, a huge serpent, child of Gaia and its abide at Delphi (Omphalos location)...
Python (mythology) - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

Could the "children's story" actually be hint to the greekk myth? Gaia is the leading Sol faction...
Last edited: Dec 7, 2024
Reactions:
Rochester and selbie