Machina Ergo Sum
Oct 16, 2019
#12,816
Its seldom I put on a skeptic's hat but there are some things which some of you might want to be aware of before you go rushing off on a fool's errand. These are reasons why I had to stop myself from going.

Redflags

1. I do not think Komatix has posted this particular instagram post for whatever reason (insert conspiracy theory here). I have it on my pc but not mobile and will have to post it later after I get back. It is the one where mathmoss talks about the origin of his lead which is that a former Fdev told him that Raxxla is in the sector in question via email and that he has the email. Of course, no email has surfaced.

Edit:



2. Presuming that mathmoss is telling the truth and that it is true that Raxxla is in the sector, it would still be impossible to find the exact system unless you had either the coordinates or a periplus with very exact instructions. Disregarding density of the galaxy and a very poor assumption that 400B systems are spread across 42 sectors equally, that leaves you with 9.5B systems to go through in Mare Somnia alone. To put that in perspective, 1 in 10B is the odds flr striking the lottery in my country. That small spot could be 100000 systems and there is no efficient way to plot all of them without more information. You can zoom into galmap or use EDDiscovery or EDAstro to see the systems in just 1 small cube of space. The logical view is that if mathmoss was truthful about the origin, then the exact coordinates must have been used to find Raxxla as well.

3. Following the same behavior as dubious claimants before him, mathmoss has claimed to self destructed in order to hide Raxxla out of respect for the game and other explorers. At the same time when he claims his source is a former Fdev developer... that seems pretty contradictory.

4. Mathmoss claims that Raxxla is not found because that sector of space is remote and seldom trafficked. He claims he had just reached 1000 hours in one pic. Perhaps he is too new and unaware of resources like EDAstro's heatmaps and EDDiscovery where you can see that those areas have been explored. So this brings up the question, without an exact map or more information, how can any lone forumer be able to duplicate his steps against a puzzle of 100K to 9B systems? Regardless of the traffic, it simply is a fool's errand against so many systems. Just do the math. You can narrow it down to between brown dwarfs and still impossible.

5. Mathmoss claims to see the supposedly hidden easter egg of 2 galaxies at the top of Sag A? This is not entirely untrue. You do see it when at the top of Sag A. However you too can see those 2 galaxies in galmap itself without travelling 22k ly to top of Sag A. Its not really an easter egg.

Edit:

6. Competing claims from different players claiming from 250k ls within Shinrarta to within 150 ly of Sol to 1000 ly to 41000 ly from bubble. Why should any 1 claim be stronger than the other? Does Raxxla jump around or have multiple entrances then? Oddly, all other pictures on mathmoss instagram are high res clear pictures, just not the Raxxla ones.

Gtg now. There are other niggly redflag things I might post later. Do what you will though for those searching
Last edited: Oct 16, 2019
Reactions:
rOmiLaYu, [PS4] Filthymick420, Hanerib and 6 others