yelboc
Sep 4, 2019
#11,800
Machina Ergo Sum said:
You need to first form the hypothesis and then run it through Elite without any biases. There are those who are biased against the mythological approach and yet Elite is nothing but rift with them. There are those are biased against the purely rational approach and yet many Elite mysteries have been solved with a mythological lead in and a then a scientific approach. Both types of people suffer from the same arrogance of thinking they know best despite the lack of evidence. There are even people who pick and choose what canon books to invoke based on whether it fits their personal narrative and this is just insanity.

The codex toast cries myth at 100dB with its wording, and yet every mythology has been tried as a start to no avail. This is partly because there is too much ambiguity - overlapping myth tales - even different versions of the same myth. That's why some balk at using this as a hook. For myself I think we fell at the first on the toast with the 'mother of galaxies' - I'd have said that that ruled myth out on the basis that myths all predate the concept of a galaxy, but given the clumsiness in the universal Carto Codex entry where 'Omphalos Tech' was redacted out after being misleading, I'm not so sure..

We know all the official ED books are Canon. Every things else is speculative - even the DW novella. As for Alien Worlds - is it the 'childrens story' in the codex? Maybe - who can tell - but a bit tough for those who don't have a copy or don't speak English.. It doesnt fit the 'Princess Astrophel and the spiralling stars ' anyway (neither does Philip Sidney fit 'a childrens story')

Machina Ergo Sum said:
About what the authors know or do not know and what it means to Raxxla: Recently, a poster brought up DW's comments about what he thinks whether Raxxla exists currently ingame or not, both here and in the IRH server. Even though DW says that it is just his opinion, the poster tries to use it as an argument from authority, a logical fallacy, even when DW himself has emphasized that its just his opinion.

What you must realize is that compartmentalization of information occurs, especially in cryptography and the information business aka a chinese wall. Conversely, sometimes information is given to one person and not told as to the why, but just to implement it or to spread it aka a "useful idiot". So even though the authors are closer to the source, even though they themselves have honestly told you that they are unsure, some of us illogically try to use this to argue about whether Raxxla exists or not.

Braben says it exists. So does M.Brookes. Fdev coming out to tell you to not waste time for Gan Romero should speak to their ethics. So if that is not enough for some of these posters then why are some of these posters still in the thread? If the cognitive dissonance is causing pain to some of these posters, then perhaps it is better to leave Raxxla well enough alone.
Click to expand...

DW may not know where R. is (I'm sure he doesn't) but if FD gave him some thing to include in his books (- don't worry about it - just work it in) then he'd be under NDA not to tell us and quite right too. So its possible any of the canon books contain things of interest dropped in by request. Of course DW is open to doff his hat at us if he knows better and can say so

What you say is interesting in that they stopped everybody chasing for GR, but haven't told us we're wasting our time - some small comfort?
Reactions:
Six6VI, [PS4] Filthymick420 and PeteACarter