Machina Ergo Sum
Sep 4, 2019
#11,798
The thing with some people's approach which I feel is impossible to achieve, is to throw as many things at the wall and hope that something sticks. In a galaxy of 400 billion systems, it is a 100% guarantee that almost any combination of brute forcing the cipher text is wrong.

You need to first form the hypothesis and then run it through Elite without any biases. There are those who are biased against the mythological approach and yet Elite is nothing but rift with them. There are those are biased against the purely rational approach and yet many Elite mysteries have been solved with a mythological lead in and a then a scientific approach. Both types of people suffer from the same arrogance of thinking they know best despite the lack of evidence. There are even people who pick and choose what canon books to invoke based on whether it fits their personal narrative and this is just insanity.

About what the authors know or do not know and what it means to Raxxla: Recently, a poster brought up DW's comments about what he thinks whether Raxxla exists currently ingame or not, both here and in the IRH server. Even though DW says that it is just his opinion, the poster tries to use it as an argument from authority, a logical fallacy, even when DW himself has emphasized that its just his opinion.

What you must realize is that compartmentalization of information occurs, especially in cryptography and the information business aka a chinese wall. Conversely, sometimes information is given to one person and not told as to the why, but just to implement it or to spread it aka a "useful idiot". So even though the authors are closer to the source, even though they themselves have honestly told you that they are unsure, some of us illogically try to use this to argue about whether Raxxla exists or not.

Braben says it exists. So does M.Brookes. Fdev coming out to tell you to not waste time for Gan Romero should speak to their ethics. So if that is not enough for some of these posters then why are some of these posters still in the thread? If the cognitive dissonance is causing pain to some of these posters, then perhaps it is better to leave Raxxla well enough alone.
Reactions:
Count dEstard