[Diplomacy] Carnegie
Sep 4, 2019
#11,799
Vetinari said:
Just a thought but should Raxxla be undiscovered or when we get there should it be already be discovered by a certain Robert Holdstock?

Theres so much still unknown about the Rift and Salome story - Why she was obsessed with time and being late in her trip to Sol (the presumption is some stellar event or similar was visible from Earth, but how that impacted on the story I still have no clue)? What clues were missed giving directions to the bases etc as in planetary co-ords or locations? What happened at Cambridge, why did she go there? Why were the convoy ships named as such? Does the Seven Veils tie in with the official DW story, as in do we somehow have to discard seven veils to get an invite or is that just for that story line? Where does the Seven Veils legend begin in terms of ED not historically (99.9% sure its ties to Oscar Wilde version not the original one)? Why the Berber name and heritage was important? Why exactly have the home planets been named as such?

All of these have been given 'meaning' by the non-psychotic-penguin Drew and he says there's a reason for them but not clear if that's an in-game reason all the time. I don't know however if any of it will tie in to a deeper background for the DW & Raxxla, my understanding is it must have been OKd by DB and Fdev, whether they built it in or used it is another matter I think, but if they did then its highly relevant, if they didn't I've just wasted your time reading this....the beauty is we'll probably never find out so I can't get flamed for wasting your time

Has anybody looked over by the way, I'm sure I saw something over

Click to expand...

I think the 'problem' with the Rift is that we (the players) can't differentiate between 'clues' and the narrative/flavor/atmosphere/backdrop that an author will naturally include in their writing - otherwise it becomes a news report, not a story. In the context of the game, everything is binary - it's either there, or it's not - but that's not the case in a story. Other-Drew clearly has more than a passing interest in Greek mythology, and he's stated that the TOG is something he feels passionate about, so naturally both of these elements were included in the novels and GalNet - but that doesn't mean they're actually clues. Especially since it's a third party (FDev) who is responsible for putting assets into the game - and they don't feel anywhere near as passionately about these things as either us, or Other-Drew. Consequently we get 'holes' in the story, 'inaccuracies' are introduced simply by the mechanics of placing the assets, and threads are left hanging out of the tapestry (because who wants a linear narrative?).

In short, putting a complete story into a game - where the story ISN'T the game itself - is almost impossible to do without gaps and inconsistencies appearing. Which is why I lean towards the theory that we've found everything about the Rift that we're going to find.

All that said, kudos to Other-Drew for trying. It was a great ride while it lasted.
Reactions:
Vasquess, [PS4] Filthymick420, Count dEstard and 1 other person