Rochester
Sep 21, 2023
#31,616
Rochester said:
Just mapped the fates, in relation to the Greek gods and the Greek wind compass the Anemoi. It still corresponds to my minds eye, and the fates triangulate nicely, but their alignment seems off / or does it?

View attachment 363975
*White denotes the Greek god’s systems linked to the story of Persephone. Green line denotes the Greek north wind compass. Orange line denotes the 3 fates - Clotho, Atropos and Lachesis.

They sit nicely up high with Helios, but don’t seem to sit ‘around’ any common axis?
Think I’ve found another tripartite goddess, the Morrigan whilst following up on research from Lost Realms and looking for goddess’s in Holdstocks ‘Ragthorn’.

Holdstock painted an interesting image of a tree surrounded by alters dedicated to ‘youth, maturity and death’. Made me think of the logo and Yggdrasil.

Badb; Danu and Morrigan



Is this relevant, is this pattern bias?

In this same relative area are systems named after the three Norse Norns, and the three Greek fates?



I’ve since updated my Lost Realms theory to include this, but so far cannot see that they follow any common orientation, nor if they surround something.

In myth the Morrigan was amongst various other things a guardian of the boundary to the Otherworld; The Norns attended a well of knowledge (in game but far off); the Fates a spindle or distaff of our fates.

Note these deities don’t share any commonalities that I’m aware of: the Morrigan was thought to be possibly one person, just going by other name, whilst the Norns were not fates, nor muses or either goddess, and they didn’t represent ‘youth, maturity nor death’.

Triple deity - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

And of course these are not the only ones, not checked these yet: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triad_(religion)

So unless there’s a common thread I would suppose they serve another purpose?
Last edited: Sep 22, 2023
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, simulacrae and 1 other person