Rochester
Sep 23, 2023
#31,620
I do believe the codex is also pointing us towards Brookes ‘Legacy’, although as of late other than the Artemis system I can’t identify anything else from that book which might point elsewhere, many of the systems it talks of were fictional.

The system Artemis is interesting because it has the bodies Agrotera and Laphria. the Laphria festival took place in Agriterra which is another name for Artemis, the body Laphria was likewise talked of in ‘Legacy’. This I suspect is a great deal of context which might simply ‘emphasise’ this system’s importance. And as we’ve identified previously, that book contains a quote about Raxxla and a ‘children’s story’, collectively this in my opinion just emphasises Legacy’s potential!

But I’m sure there’s something in the book we’re simply not seeing, which points the way, or provides some abstract or indirect reference.

Raxxla I strongly feel is more likely elsewhere as I take the Codex toast to align with FDs recent memorial reference to John Milton’s ‘pendant’ Paradise; and most of the remainder of the Codex I believe points to the Lost Realms. but I have a strong suspicion Hammers grave (if in game) may point the way!

Looking back into the mythology of ‘mountains’ being a path to the Otherworld, Artemis is slap-bang in the middle of the ‘mountain’ range constellation, ‘Legacy’ talks of Artemis and Demeter, which might be a reference to the story of Persephone pointing us to the Underworld and the Lost Realms of the Otherworld; relatively the various hypotheses could still correlate?

The burial method of ‘Hammer’ also sounds similar to Celtic practices. I wonder if there’s a link to burial mounds, which were ascribed as passageways to the ‘Otherworld’?

The in game description of Trinkets does indeed read very similar to that of the burial method outlined in ‘Legacy’; and I agree the character of Hammer is an obvious portrait of Brookes in my opinion, that was the very first impression I had when I got the book at launch.

We know from Support the trinkets used to be linked to the now removed DW missions, so they did have some significance.

FDs recent memorial to Brookes nicely references back to that burial method which is very touching but also ingenious. Looking for clues this logically ought to point us to look in Artemis, a cargo pod would not get very far.

Does Freeholm have an orbital path or a rotation? If it’s fixed and static the obvious direction of the pod would be in a relative direction. If not then it’s in orbit around Freeholm, or the star in the same plain as Freeholm, or as equally likely on any of the solid bodies in that system as a POV?

Failing that what else could the book be outlining for us?

Whether or not such an asset would be present across console legacy is of another matter entirely.
Last edited: Sep 28, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Edelgard von Rhein, Jorki Rasalas and 1 other person