Jorki Rasalas
Sep 23, 2023
#31,619
Mmm, may be a little high on painkillers at the moment ( cracked knee ligament yesterday, agony!).

However it may be sometime, if ever, before I get back to ED so I’ll post my latest/last hypothesis (at the moment on crutches & cant get near the PC).
I’ve been watching all the work on relating mythologies into the game with interest, and support the enthusiasm. However it just seems to be adding possibilities into the pot, without clarifying an identifiable path through the game systems so I don’t see it is helping. Ive already posted my suspicion that MBrookes’ tattoo depicts that path (it’s an obvious conclusion); however there is another possibility which is much simpler.
I could see MB wanting to make the quest for Raxxla complex, hence the mythology insertions and the back tattoo (which would have been very painful to acquire) - he clearly invested effort in researching the mythology and inserting the relevant systems into the game, although someone said that could be done easily via a simple spreadsheet input into Stellar Forge. The tattoo could depict the path but I’m left wondering if it isnt all much simpler than this...I like to keep things simple, Occam’s Razor!

So, how about if MB actually told us where Raxxla is...Artemis in Elite Legacy? We know that character Hammer (IMO the description sounded very much like a self-portrait of MB) was killed with no body left for a burial so the inhabitants of Freeholm gave him a traditional spacer send off by filling a cargo container with trinkets and launched it into space. We know Trinkets of Hidden Fortune are intentionally highlighted in-game because he made them illegal in ALL systems with no explanation or hints to a lore-based reason for that. We know from their description that TOHF are cargo containers but have a special item hidden inside. I’m suggesting that perhaps the quest should focus on Artemis, and search for a cargo container floating somewhere in space, most likely in a signal source that would not be detectable until quite close. In the book IIRC Freeholm was an asteroid base embedded in an asteroid field, which would account for “spiralling stars” hint in the codex. The EDSM system description doesnt seem to fit that, so I’d query why the difference...Ive seen other systems with asteroid belts out a long way from the star.

This may sound a little far-fetched, but there are other reasons behind it: Artemis fits the toast!

Jewel on brow of mother of galaxies- Sol/Mother Gaia faction/Luna (Moon/Selene)- In later times, in some places, Artemis was identified with Selene the personification of the Moon

Whisperer in witchspace, siren of the deepest void- Artemis absorbed the Pre-Greek Potnia Theron goddess who was close to the daimons (lesser deities or spirits similar to the ghosts and tutelary deities) hence she was later identified with Hecate (goddess of crossroads and queen of the witches).

(Edit: so another triple goddess-Artemis/Selene/Hecate)

Parent’s grief, lover’s woe (death is an obvious answer here) - Agamemnon had to sacrifice his daughter to Artemis at the start of the Trojan War; there are several stories surrounding her where men such as Actaeon, Orion, and Alpheus tried to her, only to be thwarted or killed

the yearning of our vagabond hearts - Questors are the vagabonds?
The goddesses Artemis, Selene, and Hecate formed a triad, identified as the same goddess with three avatars: Selene in the sky (moon), Artemis on earth (hunting), and Hecate beneath the earth (Underworld). Artemis was sometimes depicted with a lunate crown. Her symbol shows the crossroads from the logo
Artemis’ symbol:




@Rochester’s mountain ideas may also be relevant: It is believed that a precursor of Artemis was worshipped in Minoan Crete as the goddess of mountains and hunting!
Last edited: Sep 24, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, simulacrae, Han_Zen and 3 others