Rochester
Jun 10, 2021
#23,667
Jorki Rasalas said:
I’ve thought for a while that Raxxla is likely to be in Sol. My previous hypothesis was posted a while ago on this thread, when I believed the “clues” pointed to Sol’s asteroid belt. That made some sense with its proximity to Mars, where the alien artefact was found and hints at an alien visit to Sol. I have modifed the hypothesis a little after some further consideration, including pondering over the codex logo. The hexagonal theme of the logo is striking and we should consider how this might apply.

Saturn has a famous hexagonal storm at North pole, discovered in 1981 by Voyager which probably made a big impression on DB with his penchant for astronomy. Neptune has hexagonal storm at South Pole discovered 2014, which may have been in time to impact the Raxxla implementation. Pluto has polygonal convection patterns discovered by New Horizons flyby July 14 2015, but that’s too late for the gamma implementation and Pluto wasn't inserted into game until a later update. An entire population of comet-like bodies, called the Centaurs, is known to exist in the region between Jupiter and Neptune. The codex mentions the Omphalos which was the centre or hub of the temple of Apollo at Delphi (the oracle at Delphi originally belonged to Gaea, the Earth goddess).

Han_Zen pointed ot the similarity of various things to the Greek creation myths. The Titans were were the pre-Olympian gods (Guardian explorers?), the twelve children of the primordial parents Uranus and Gaia. The Titan Cronus castrated his father Uranus (parent’s grief, lover’s woe?), mated with his older sister Rhea and together they became the parents of the first generation of Olympians. The omphalos represents the huge stone wrapped in baby's clothes that Rhea gave Cronus which he swallowed thinking that it was another of Rhea's children.
Saturn has moons Rhea & Titan

Roman Saturn=Greek Cronus
Roman Father Jupiter was the sky
Greek Father Sky was Uranus.

I agree with Han_Zen and think the underlying storyline of ED is that Guardians came to Sol, perhaps affected human evolution in the distant past, and their AI is still behind the PF with the triangular/hexagonal symbols that appear in the nav panel, Guardian monoliths, and the latest ED Newsletter. There are some interesting parallels with 2001 Space Odyssey (). In the film the monolith that was a transportation gateway was orbiting Jupiter (), was DB a fan of the film? I think he is of Arthur C Clarke who wrote it.

In the codex Lyta Crane’s “TDW station orbiting 8th moon of gas giant” could actually be obscuration and might be reversed to suggest actually a moon of 8th planet/GG -Neptune, which was the original Outer Rim of the game. Neptune’s moon Tritin is of course locked by the Federation; it used to have steady Fed Navy traffic but that had disappeared last time I checked. No known way of getting the permit-perhaps this is from the TDW storyline??

If Raxxla is in Sol then the TDW toast might lead us to it?
Jewel that burns on brow of Mother of galaxies-Sol (Gaia (faction! Primordial mother) is the mother of Uranus (the sky), her son and husband
To Whisperer in Witchspace, siren of deepest void -Venus(Venus was name of two Marvel characters, first based on the goddess, then retconned to be a Siren, second is the true Aphrodite)
Parent’s grief-Uranus or Saturn (greek Cronus)
Lover’s Woe-Rhea?(moon of Saturn)Uranus? Saturn?
yearning of our vagabond heart-Omphalos Rift gateway “to Raxxla”

I did some googling and found someone on Twitter had posted that in the film Interstellar (2014- was this too late to impact gamma?), there’s a wormhole next to Saturn that takes the protagonists to new worlds. In Planet of the Apes there’s an electromagnetic storm near Saturn that sends the protagonist to another version of Earth (is DB a fan of Planet of the Apes?). In the video game Observation, an astronaut goes into the hexagon on top of Saturn and is taken to a place where multiple universes converge.

So, I think Raxxla is in Sol, but could be anywhere between the asteroid belt and Neptune. The hexagon logo theme, together with the other factors above, makes me lean more towards Saturn. However this is a search volume. I’ve tried some searches along these lines in the past, but if my hypothesis that you have to be within, say, 10km to it and honk to make it/omphalos appear then the odds of randomly finding it are minuscule. So I’m pinning my hopes on a TDW storyline that refines the search, or provides the permit to Triton.
Click to expand...

Totally concur.

The initial Dark Wheel missions used the term ‘Silent Song of the Spheres’.

The spheres are the orbits of the Sol system, there is a silent song, namely Earth and an outer rim, Urania, which essentially was everything else outside our system / higher realm.

To use this phrase can only indicate that it’s in Sol, if it is not then it was just poetic licence, we have to remember that MB although a writer was not by his own estimation a scholar. It also should be noted that the Dark Wheel missions were scrubbed (potentially gone but not confirmed), so there is the possibility FD totally changed everything, however these last two possibilities although probable are equally unlikely.

I agree with your hypothesis, that the Guardians seeded earth, this is the most probable, and simplistic storyline solution that FD could apply (writers are complacent and tend to stick to simply story threads) and it ties in with the Mars relic.

This is the only element which concerns me, because we have highlighted in this thread that MB in an early Dev diary about lore (again could be retconned) gave the indication the relic was tied to a narrative.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8916070

Again this feeds into my hypothesis that Raxxla is a narrative thread, although this is just a hypothesis and I am open to my own bias around this, so I hope the relic is not tied to Raxxla.

But yes, I’m currently in Sol, way out on the outer rim, using the old mk i scanner.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9015241
Last edited: Jun 11, 2021
Reactions:
Exekrator, simulacrae, Macros Black and 3 others