publicstaticvoid
Mar 15, 2019
#6,706
Jorki Rasalas said:
I think there are significant problems with the hypothesis that Philip Sidney's “Astrophil and Stella” sonnets relates to “Princess Astrophel and Spiralling Stars” in the Codex reference.

I suspect this “clue” has been overthought & wondered about the etymology. “Phil” as either a prefix or suffix implies having an attraction or affinity ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/-phil-), while “astro” means “relating to stars or celestial objects”. So “Astrophil” means having an attraction to stars &/or celestial objects. I think the “spiralling stars” is relevant. “Phel” is uncommon in English, but might derive from the Celtic, meaning “beauty”, which could imply “beautiful star”. Omphalos means the centre or hub of something, & refers to a hollow conical stone regarded by the ancient greeks as being the centre of things. So the Omphalos Rift (“described as a gateway or tunnel through which a parallel universe can be accessed”, which ties in with the Raxxla lore as a gateway to other universes) is a Rift related to something conical. It all sounds to me reminiscent of a Black Hole, which may have stars spiralling around it, the cone is the matter spiralling & falling into the event horizon. There is a theory that a Black Hole in one universe may be a White Hole in another and so the BH represents a Rift. Black Holes have, I believe, been in-game from the outset.

so I am pondering the hypothesis that Raxxla is a black hole that could transport a ship to another universe, though this might be a one-way trip, or the parallel universe might be very limited in scope. So that might be Raxxla is, don’t have a clue it is...
Click to expand...

I have wondered this myself... In fact I have brainstormed what stellar bodies can possibly present themselves as strange enough to be 'in the realm of possibility' of acting like a trans-dimensional portal. The only thing I can think of is Blackhole. SMBH are the mother of galaxies. Source 2 is a jewel that burns on the brow of Sag A*. It makes sense stretchy-scientifically that something is up with blackholes to those with eyes to see.
-Void