CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 14, 2022
#28,447
Han_Zen said:
Soontill is just a prop in a story. FD didn't allow authors to do anything that involved Raxxla. Soontill was made up as an alternative mystical location because of this limitation.
I doubt that there is anything important to find in the novels written for ED, at all. The authors were kept fully in the dark, when it comes to the Raxxla mystery.
Unless FD fed them info they didn't know was about Raxxla, there aren't any useful hints in the books.
You forget the importance of shibboleths to the lore. If you plan on hiding something, oftentimes the best location in plain view buried under a maze of language serving as misdirection. Where do you think the Technetium and brown dwarf bit came from? It cam from "..And Here the Wheel". Shibboleths allow FDev to plant hints without directly revealing the reasons for them. Why else do you think the Church of the Path was in Shibboleth? Language is the devil's favorite weapon. The problem was that everyone thought, "The Dark Wheel" references TDW's station. No, those are quite obvious (the palm tree stations). The Dark Wheel is a human. The Dark Wheel is knowledge itself. I personally am rather fond of how Buddhism explains it:

The Buddha is said to have set the "wheel of dharma" in motion when he delivered his first sermon, which is described in the Dhammacakkappavattana Sutta. This "turning of the wheel" signifies a great and revolutionary change with universal consequences, brought about by an exceptional human being. Buddhism adopted the wheel as a symbol from the Indian mythical idea of the ideal king.."

This is why Nemorensis was important. We were to use knowledge to become our own king thus overthrowing the old ways. It is also why my character has the nickname of "Morningstar" (a.k.a "the light bringer"). Finally, also why I named my recently acquired fleet carrier the Dharmachakra.
Attachments
Screenshot_20221213-121316~2.png
200.1 KB · Views: 70
Screenshot_20221213-073041~2.png
73.2 KB · Views: 67
Last edited: Dec 14, 2022