Rochester
Mar 30, 2024
#33,748
Just looking at a system that @Emperor brought up some time ago, another ‘mountain’ system and just realised it has an interesting locational relationship.

Mount Penglai, or 'Penglai Immortal Island' is a legendary land in Chinese mythology.

It’s linked to various stories but the one which grabbed my attention was of Urashima Tarō and the folklore story of the Princess Otohime, the 2nd daughter of the dragon king. Otohime is also in game, located far below on the outskirts of the wider Lost Realms zone.

This story is a parallel version of the story Toyotama-hime, it’s of interest because Michael Brookes wrote a Drabble about it.

Penglai is of interest because it’s right in the middle of the Greek Fates and the North Norns! no other mountain systems I’ve found to date are so centralised.

Edited: likewise Penglai is also upon the outer rim of the Thetis signal!

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10434267

The location in mythology is another atypical example of an ‘Otherworld’ and likewise could only be found after travelling via water, it is also home to the concept of the elixir of life. I’m pondering, if its presence in game is intended to be a substitute, given its similarity to the plant of immortality in Gilgamesh as it is not too far from the system Shamash.

Another interesting aspect, is that some sources attribute it with compass points with Penglai as an East Paradise, and likewise the Kunlun Mountain as the West Paradise.

Considering the Greek compass, when seen in comparison I feel this may have been incorporated in game. But other than all these I wondered why it was placed up so high, rather than with the other ‘Otherworlds’ and I feel ultimately, that it’s another example of a system denoting the boundaries of the Empyrean.

Other than that, it is rather a dull system on its own.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10302521
Last edited: Oct 12, 2024
Reactions:
selbie