Rochester
Mar 29, 2024
#33,745
Jorki Rasalas said:
Mmm, been thinking about clues. MB clearly left us a few!
MB's Legacy novel: As a girl heroine Julia Cavus grew up without toys with a single possession, a book “about a young man’s quest to save a princess from an alien dragon” locked alone each day in the tiny family cell while her parents slaved in the mines. Julia as a girl “dreamed of being the first pilot to discover Raxxla”...She hoped to keep her Eagle as she’d grown accustomed to its idiosyncrasies...”whether it was a suitable ship for travelling all the way to Alliance space was another matter"

So: the toast guides us to Sol /Li Qing Jao station, which has gardens that point to Milton's cosmology; he told us Raxxla is in Alliance space, which matches the locale from @Rochester 's theory on Milton's cosmology as implemented in-game.

SO we have the novel's "book about a young man’s quest to save a princess from an alien dragon” and the Codex's "the children's story Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars"
..are these two parts of a single clue?
Click to expand...
I think that’s exactly what many may presume, I’d hazard thats it’s an accurate assumption; I feel the book must have some answers.

Quick re-Googling and checking my ‘Legacy’ notes.

The name Julia one of the book’s protagonists, has its origins in Latin it can be a variation of Julietta / Julen and may mean “youthful” or “Jove's child”.

Jove, is Jupiter, a sky and thunder god.

The name may have been used in Roman times within several highborn clans of the emperors.

So potentially ‘high born’ / ‘child’?

Ignoring the more obvious link to Philip Sidney (‘are you Sir Philip Sidney”?) the audio from the in game Codex is interesting because to the ear it may be a mispronunciation?

It could be Astrofell, or Astrophem.

Astrofell - the works of Edmund Spenser is an unidentified plant, possibly an Aster - ‘star flower’, it appears in his poem about… Philip Sidney.

Astrophem - Astrophim - Astrophum are not real words, very likely a mispronunciation or misinterpretation. Either way the derivative is “star lover” as was with the original ‘Astrophil’ (star - Philip / lover of the star - Stella).

A basic re-search of “Princess” / “Spiral” / “story” shows nothing of significance.

It’s always been my interpretation that Astrophel in the Codex is some type of allegory in game, and might not be directly literal nor literary, who knows, as always it’s too wide a search, there seemingly are no commonalities to unpick this?
Last edited: Mar 30, 2024