Rochester
Apr 1, 2024
#33,751
Those with eyes to see - The Journey to the pagan underworld to the fairy kingdom

"I've seen things you people wouldn't believe: attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I've watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhäuser Gate. All those... moments... will be lost in time, like... tears... in rain".

In game there is the system Aztlan, notably this is the home for the Orbis Starport ‘Tannhauser Gate’, a reference to the film Bladerunner.

I’ve long known of this system, but generally accepted it as an Easter egg, Michael Brookes did confirm he was a Blade Runner fan. But aside from being an obvious homage the location has a number of potential oddities which when considered in comparison with various other information I’ve uncovered, they advocate it probably was placed with greater significance!

Aztlan, has been identified by @Emperor and @GURU-951 as significant; it is likewise a mythical location. In game the system is right in the middle of the Lost Realms zone, in fact it is located directly below the system’s named after the Greek Underworld, and relatively those systems identified with the cities of gold. Within this respect I believe it is highly likely yet another example of a Lost Realm.

The term Tannhauser Gate was supposedly in the original draft of the Bladerunner film script added by the screenwriter David People’s in 1981.

Although never confirmed it’s possible at the time this was a reference to German folklore, either about the 1845 opera by Richard Wagner; a knight named Tannhäuser or the tale of the Wartburg Song Contest, of which both form the basis for the opera.

The story revolves about a knight, who goes on a journey to the pagan underworld to find the fairy kingdom, of the Venusberg or ‘Mountain of Venus’, where he must pass huge iron doors named ‘the gate’.

Given the location of Aztlan in game I believe Brookes directly utilised this, as another clever reference to the concept of the ‘Otherworld’, but also drawing the concepts of the ‘Underworld’ together which is represented in similar aspects in other folklore; equally of the myth of some hero who must pass through or under some barrier to obtain access to the fairy-world this ‘Otherworld’.

Again I believe this could be another example of Brookes seeding the game with obscure references and clues to advertise his wider cosmology.

I have long suspected that the toast itself was constructed to emulate Roy Batty’s last words as the codex’s pictorial aspects do hold a visual similarity.

It also could relate to the codex’s use of the term ‘those with eyes to see’ advocating that Roy Batty was like the knight Tannhäuser; had equally fallen from grace and had seen things from the Otherworld, most people wouldn’t believe.

The character of Roy Batty equally could hold similarities to the “heroic” narrative arch in Paradise Lost; his disobedience and the pursuit of knowledge, as with Satan can be seen as a noble virtue. Both are set upon a journey out of Hell and Chaos up to the heavens. Unlike Satan who ultimately is following Gods design, returns to hell unrepentant, Batty however transcends and becomes more than what he was set out to be. I do wonder if Brookes was intentionally drawing upon such parallels?

The imagery is not lost upon me in this quest. Again on its own the reference can be identifiable as homage but I speculate such systems are in fact directional markers advocating Cmdrs need to look in a certain direction or within this locality.

Source: https://youtu.be/JdUq2opPY-Q?si=GTsPwS_9YvuTRjJw
Last edited: Jul 19, 2024
Reactions:
GURU-951, Emperor, simulacrae and 1 other person