Rochester
Apr 1, 2024
#33,753
West wall of the Empyrean potentially found?

"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!"

Today I have been reflecting upon the toast again, and trying to ignore various assumptions of my own, in an attempt to bypass bias and look at the text afresh, following this I plotted these locations and found an interesting hypothetical correlation.

Firstly I began with the core theory that some but not necessarily all, of the toast might allude to the points of hexagon, which might be graphically represented in the Raxxla codex logo.

Mathematically speaking to understand the dimensions of any shape you don’t actually need to know every point. So logically if the hexagon theory was correct, you don’t need to understand the entirety of toast to actually unlock it, nor in any particular order.

Speculatively I presume the codex holds a huge amount of metaphorical; allegorical; literary and literal clues. I don’t presume it has any explicit overarching context as I presume there are degrees of abstraction.

My ideas herein then are themselves abstract, and speculative. But based upon initially logical assessment and the interpretation of spatial relationships.

First off the first and last segments of the toast I believe identifies ‘what’ Raxxla is but also vaguely where:

To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies = John Milton’s representation of our universe as pendant globe, hanging from the brow (high inclined hill) of heaven, the Empyrean.

The yearning of our vagabond hearts = Satans was a wanderer and sought the location of the pendant globe.

The remaining text may be interpreted as either further metaphors for the above or one might assume they are given coordinates for a specific location.

There is no definitive method the assess this, however I do presume the Miltonian Cosmological Model to be correct, if so then we ought to be looking for a location somewhere between the Empyrean and the zone of Chaos.
The parent's grief = Demeter
The lover's woe = Eulexia
The whisperer in witch-space = Nefertem
Potential candidate
Siren of the deepest void = Siren
Demeter is an obvious one, for parent’s grief, simply because I’ve long interpreted the codex alludes to it via the term ‘Cora comes home’, this as we have assessed previously is a reference to the myth of Demeter and Persephone.

This I feel is further established due to the line of sight between these systems, aligning with another set of systems Fall and Pandemonium, a physical clue to the journey of Satan from the Empyrean to Hell.

Eulexia holds the body, Eurydice, whose mythology is one of the most historically popular examples of romantic loss. She was an oak nymph who was attacked and killed by a snake. Her husband Orpheus, descended to the Underworld to claim her back from Hades and Persephone.

Nefertem is the system that holds the genship Thetis, which drove everyone mad due to a mysterious transmission or ‘whisper’.

Siren, I am including - for now, but potentially without further evidence it remains on the strong maybe pile.



Observations
In game importantly all of these systems all seem to align upon the same y/z plain, advocating a flat 2D shape?

Because these 3 systems fall within a 2 dimensional alignment, they form a speculative set of triangles, which allows for the calculation of a midpoint, and thus from these, we can extrapolate a centroid for a hypothetical hexagon.

Note, I’ve come to speculate through observation, that certain mysteries have been set in game using triangulation, but the author has either been very clever and omitted the use of exact geometry or may have repurposed existing locations - so as to avoid visual detection, I accept this theory itself is equally presumptuous and potentially biased - but let’s just go with this abstraction for the sake of having some fun with math.

This general area in actuality situated within that zone which I have previously assessed to being upon the outer rim of the zone of Milton’s Chaos, close to the hypothetical Empyrean North West area and directly underneath Sheela na gig and the Morrigan’s.



Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10337471

Assumptions
With the hypothetical centroid of the hexagon established I attempted to identify systems in this general area, again as explained above I don’t believe this is an precise map, and likely any such system probably is not at the centre nor that any angles of the hypothetical hexagon are mathematically equal.

To try and look for further supporting evidence I began to overlay various maps I have developed previously for this area and found some surprising information.



The centroid of the Morrigan systems and Axis Mundi does fall relatively through this new locality!

These Morrigans sisters were a tri-party goddess linked to the The Tuatha Dé Danann, this mythological is important as it describes a realm of the fairy-folk, another ‘Otherworld’.

Within this centroid a whole bunch of interesting systems seem to be focused

Firstly there is the system Bohmshohm, which has the bodies Epirus and of Kailash.

Epirus historically was the home of the Dodona, the oldest oracle in Ancient Greece second only to that of Delphi! Its literal translation is ‘terra firma’.

The Dodona is the oracle of the Dead on the Acheron River, familiar to the hero’s of Homers Odyssey, where Achilles prayed in the Lilad, it was also the oracle depicted in Philip Sidney ‘Arcadia’.

Kailash could be attributed to ‘mount Kailash’ the home of Lord Shiva and the navel of the universe. This is one of the systems I identify as being part of my Mountains hypothesis.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10210796

What I find interesting is - if we draw a line of site between Bohmshohm and Axis Mundi, it intersects the triangle of the upper traid goddesses of the Morrigan, it also aligns far below with god Cernunnos!

Cernunnos is recognised in many modern neopagan religions as a god of nature, or of life, death, and rebirth. This I find intriguing because in Holdstock’s Ragthorn where he applied the same tripartite god theme, to hide a mystical secret, except he turned them into ‘male’ gods!

Is this a coincidence or simply projective bias?



Just off this are is the system Fortuna a system I believe was intended to be part of the ‘architecture’ for the DW missions as it is directly referenced in game as part of the trinkets of hidden fortune.

Likewise of three potential counterparts to Fortuna, one might be Wyrd, interestingly this system falls between Demeter and Nefertem, and interesting another Tyche is relatively not too far from Nefertem in respect of triangulation.



Close to this hypothetical hexagonal centroid is Zephyrus, the Greek god of the West wind.

In this area is also Aeolus, likewise aligned upon the same y/z plain.

Aeolus was the ruler of the winds who gave Odysseus a bag with all the winds, except the West wind; he lived on the mythical, idyllic island paradise, a floating island called Aeolia (not in game).

Right next to it also is the system Yoruba, the West Africa creation myth!

Of interest
Likewise in this area there is also a system named Ambisagrus, a deity associated with Jupiter, and the system Kitae, which has the gen-ship Venusian which was attacked by pirates!

And then there is Albina which technically is at the mathematical centre of this hexagon, and again aligns upon the same y/z plain!

Within Greek myth Albina was exiled to a mysterious uninhabited island, then seduced by a demon and later gave birth to a race of giants!

All very interesting!

I don’t propose that this is the exact centroid and it holds Raxxka, but I do propose this hypothetically might go some way towards answering the toast, and that this is the general area where Raxxla might be, at best the centroid is inaccurate and I believe elsewhere closer in alignment with Sheela na gig… but it’s somewhere to start.

Again the close association with the Morrigan’s and their relationship with Starship One, an assumption may identify that this general area denotes the West wall of Empyrean.

Hypothetically it’s plausible to now calculate the other points of the hexagon, but I suspect they probably don’t exist and so might not actually be necessary?

Nevertheless it’s something I will be exploring, in as much to prove this hypothesis wrong if anything else!

Based upon an initial abstract extrapolation of the first 3 systems and the centroid, potential candidates might be any named systems within 2 spheres of influence around:
Lyncis Sector FG-Y d93 and LTT 10533.

At the midpoint of these two hypothetical systems is the Norse named system Jotnar, it like the other systems aligns upon the same y/z plain, advocating a flat 2D shape?

Jotnar is associated with the realm of the ‘other’ also known as Mount Jotnar which was described as sitting on the edge of heaven.

This is one location for the Norse god Heimdall (not in game), who lived in Himinbjǫrg "heaven's castle" and he guarded the Bifrost (in Alioth), he was described as ‘having the finest mead’.

Also the somewhat outside this area - but again upon the same y/z plain is the system Biforst. I suspect this does indicate a northern aspect of the heavens!

Assumption *edited
In the Image below I’ve shown the locations of these two hypothetical points, but also drawn a line between Jotnar and Fall for context.

Satan in Paradise Lost was cast out and fell from the North wall, so the system Fall may align with the Greek compass in game as being to the North.

My assumption being, these two locations outline this wall / edge of heaven, and that the Morrigans etc denote the boundary of the Empyrean.

Considering John Milton’s Paradise Lost the pendant globe - Raxxla, ought to be someplace below either the West wall or the East wall - depending upon which interpretation you have read.



* Animation with the path of Starship One overlaid for context. Within that storyline the survivor stated they saw a ‘bright place’ this might be a clue towards the ‘Empyrean’ which was pure light?

Conclusion
I feel this period of tin-foiling is probably inconclusive, but may have helped establish the boundaries of the West and North points of the Empyrean.



Last edited: Nov 27, 2024
Reactions:
Naaman Aram, Macros Black and Emperor