SergMx
Mar 17, 2023
#29,418
Rochester said:
The mythical lands held within the Underworld

Following on from my analysis of the potential journey to the underworld, I collated an additional number systems which all fall relatively neatly together that may have relevance within the Codex.

First off let’s recap my previous post Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven we I looked at the reference of Lovers Grief and Parents Woe, as a reference to the John Milton personification of Sin and Death, the gatekeepers of Milton’s Hells Gate.

Likewise we looked at the text ‘Cora comes home’ drunk and talking of pirates; as potentially being reference to the journey of Persephone to the Underworld.

After wandering around this underworld, potentially identified as starting at the system Axis Mundi or Persephone, we begin to see a number of systems linked to various interpretations of this underworld, but what is equally interesting, is that interspersed within these are references to various ‘mythical’ or sunken lands.

It is my assumption, that the reference within the Codex concerning the ancient myths of Atlantis, El Dorado and the kingdom of Prester John, is like the others outlined above a reference to these systems within this underworld.


not definitive - under construction.
El Tío - lord of underworld
Giltine - death
Erlik - death
Giltine - death
Summerland - land of the afterlife
Quivira - one of the seven cities of god such as El Dorado
Annwn - land of afterlife
Avalon - land of apples and resting place of King Arthur.
Lyonesse - the British Atlantis
Tír na nÓg - land of eternal youth
Ys - sunken land destroyed by the devil
Mag Mell - paradise
Fintan - grave of Fintan mac Bóchra linked to Noah and the great flood
Gwaelod - the Welsh Atlantis.
Atlantis - lost sunken continent
Thule - most distant, beyond the unknown
Hyperborea - land of the north divinely blessed by Apollo, founders of the shrine of Delphi
Nysa - home of the Hyades Nymphs
Themiscrya - capital of the Amazons.
Achernar - the end of the Eridanus river of Hades
Tartarus - the name for Hell
Asphodel - a flowering plant that carpeted Hades

The image below shows that these systems are tightly placed, and not dispersed throughout the bubble (yellow denotes ‘mythical lands’ whilst red denote underworld related names (not definitive - under construction).



The image below shows the journey of Persephone and or Demeter (green) into this Underworld. Note how certain systems are relatively very close to her path!



The image below is a close-up showing that certain systems are very close to the path of Persephone (green), and some of these I interpreted as being ‘very similar’ in myth description as to that of either Atlantis and El Dorado.



the codex is indeed a map, but to the Underworld, we either are looking for Milton’s Hells Gate, which actually is the beginning of a journey to Heaven’s Gate in Paradise Lost, or a system which can be triangulated via a number of certain system’s identified, which bare an uncanny resemblance to the ancient myths of Atlantis, El Dorado and the kingdom of Prester John…
Click to expand...
There was a typo here, so I reread the place in the novel again. It clearly refers to a planet with a gateway to other universes.
The gate can be understood as a rift in the underworld.
Reactions:
simulacrae and Rochester