Jorki Rasalas
Aug 21, 2019
#11,093
Filthymick420 said:
I'm not at all inferring that they should just come out and give us hints weekly or even monthly. but there should be discoverable in game clues that you know what you found when you find it. I'm not even saying they should be easy clues, far from it. but it should be obvious what they are clues for.

we all keep going back and forth with stuff that turns out it was to do with the formadine rift or galnet fluff. We all talk about clues, then argue that there are none. It can't be both

Im starting to think this whole thing is a ploy to keep us mystery hunters fromgoing to play other games.

Sounds like you’re suffering second stage Raxxla madness, a medical condition widely recognised throughout the galaxy. The second stage is despair and frustration in equal measure, the first sign is looking for Raxxla (when we don’t know what it is, where it is, or how to find it, or maybe even how to recognise it when we find it).

I checked out this source, MB in livesteam:
DJtruthsayer: “Where is Raxxla”?
MBrookes: ”Well, It's in the Milky Way, but I can't tell you where at this stage, it's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves".
DJtruthsayer: “You have always said there will be no clues”
MB: "that is true, but I think you have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious just so that people know what they are doing, there is nothing to be revealed at this stage"

So first there would be no clues, after some time there is nothing to be revealed at this stage (but it’s a little bit obvious), then we got the codex, apparently containing clues. So no dichotomy, time progressed & it seems as if FD are now providing some clues. But as always the clues are very ambiguous, giving lots of things to investigate and talk about.

edit: burnout is common in this game. Stopped playing myself early last year for a few months. Best thing, if you're not enjoying this Quest, is to play in a different way, try some pure exploration for the data/sights, go on an expedition, kill some goids, do some bounty hunting, or whatever you fancy. Or play something else for a while if you want (if you find anything else that's good let me know! Don't fancy any of the alternatives I've seen to date, though toying with messing around with star citizen again). Then come back - we'll still be here, chasing chimera and weird hypotheses!
(unless the penguin 'fesses up & tells us where he's hidden it )
Last edited: Aug 21, 2019
Reactions:
[Diplomacy] Carnegie, Scytale, Han_Zen and 2 others