Rochester
Jul 2, 2024
#34,386
Jorki Rasalas said:
But didn't you say that after the Fall of Adam & Eve God moved Paradise into the Empyrean?
That fits the clue from Legacy. I can't see the pendent world being in Hell.
Yes that’s my point.

I can see a sort of duality.

On one hand I feel the Codex is directly alluding to the path of Persephone and by association the fall of Satan (due to the alignment of Demeter with Fall; Persephone and Pandemonium) to make us look to the Underworld. Then the other segment of the Codex about Atlantis etc to observe the Lost Realms.

That area I believe is a zone describing the Celtic Otherworld - a paradise not a punitive Hell. This fits well with the Greek concept which is similar to a Celtic Summerland or Land of Youth or Apples, an ‘otherworld’ and that too fits the Norse concepts of a place that is on the outer rim, as it’s Hell is in game more closer to Artemis.

But this is still technically below the zone of Chaos in the underworld in game. On one hand I might say it makes a logical sense because it might align with Holdstock too of an Otherworld and an axis point at the base of Yggdrasil.

So technically a shifted paradise?

But then there seems to be evidence of a Miltonian model.

The supposed complexity would advocate that Eden then following the exactness ought to be above, on the outer reaches of the zone of chaos?

Technically that ought to be the Pendant globe. Just below the Empyrean. But yes it’s alluded that paradise too aka gods garden might have been raised into heaven after the second fall!

It still doesn’t align with the codex direction but it can be observed in game, I am honestly at odds with both!

The only thing I can imagine is either:

This architecture relates to a number of unrealised narratives!

Or that the model is not a Miltion model but Brookes model universe!

That Eden is an Holdstock Easter Egg and an Otherworld and it placement is actually intentionally shifted, because Brookes designed it that way as a homage to Holdstock and this in line with Brookes own concept as outlined in ‘A Space Inbetween’.

Academically that is very insightful and rather brilliant.

Or there is something there, to be unlocked or found, that enlightens us then take that path back upwards; describing the path of Satan, up to the Empyrean?

Is it then just a mechanism; the DW, or Julia’s childhood book (maybe placed in Hammers grave?!?); a faction or missions system that tells us where to go next, the codex does allude to some cabal!

So for me I think the codex gives enough directional insight to tell us to observe the Lost Realms and maybe then become aware of the Miltonian model, which ought to advocate a path update, but the flaw in that thinking is, that without a direction it’s overly reliant on academic knowledge of Milton; so it’s far too wide for any regular player to understand.

Or it’s just telling us to go to the Underworld and that’s where Raxxla is, we find it and it explains why the model exists and how to observe it!

It just feels like we are missing something. Or one of these paths is simply conflated?

Another concept might be it is all archeological evidence of an original narrative that got binned and this is all simply archeological; or simply imagined!

Note there is also evidence of a Dante’s model in game too, but it is rather vague, I suppose that with enough conviction one could easily project upon that too and make it fit; I haven’t simply because it’s physical placement in game doesn’t align with all the other theories and actually falls into a very obvious narrative dead-end.

At least one path is accurate, I suspect the other maybe projection?

Honestly can’t tell; my gut tells me it’s the underworld, my mind thats it’s the Empyrean maybe it’s both?

Go to hell or go to heaven?
Go to hell then go to heaven?

Source: https://youtu.be/5dA3DePirsE?si=uwUuSaKvanJBlszv
Last edited: Jul 2, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian