Rochester
Jul 1, 2024
#34,383
simulacrae said:
Ok I think I have a better Idea of what we are looking for now.

Let me start out by pointing out there is a connection between Milton's Pavilion of Chaos, Plato’s Supercelestial Place, The Divine Feminine, Lady Fate, and Phanes …. the omphalos

Ive scratched around this earlier but was missing the connections
There is a paper I would recommend reading on JSTOR : Milton’s Chaos and Old Night https://www.jstor.org/stable/27712836

Walter Clyde Curry makes the case that Milton’s Chaos and Night are based in the doctrines of Neoplatonic theology and by extension Orphic and Pythagorean cosmogony. He argues that the (Curry, p42). Milton describes Night as the consort of Chaos and associates her with both the Womb of Nature as well as high Arbiter Chance….











(PL Bk II 906-915)

Interestingly in the above segment Milton is using the idea of the Tripartite Cosmic Soul that you see in NeoPlatonism and Orphic/Chaldean works… A bad paraphrasing by me is that the Intellect sends out the Noetic Ideas of various Forms which nurture in the womb of Necessity who gives birth to the structures with which the Demiurge uses to Create Reality. In Milton he has God as the Intellect and the Son as the Demiurge I think.. But keeping Necessity (Night in Milton) in conjunction with Chaos as the Bond or Arbiter of “his dark materials”…




I believe we are looking for the Omphalos Rift. Not to belabor a point but as Nyx (Night)/ Ananke (Necessity) was considered to have given birth to the Cosmic Egg…. the Omphalos rift. Using Milton’s imagery the location we would find it would be the Pavilion of Chaos.





A side thought…


I believe that whatever we are looking for is hidden in a system with a small chance of showing itself. Perhaps that chance increases with use of trinkets or searching in groups (thinking of that Braben comment)...














(PL Bk VII 235-230)

This just make me think of the Thargoid Link signals and what I like to think of as the Thargoid Yardstick (the line between Merope and Col 70) – I remember trying to follow the method for locating those places and was essentially doing a lot of compass work...
Click to expand...

Great post, but I’m still more confident the pavilion is at the base of the zone of chaos, and it surrounds the bubble.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10281101

So in Paradise Lost, Hell was encircled by a frozen area and possibly encircled by the river Lethe.



In Paradise Lost Satan leaves Hell via Hells Gate, guarded by Sinn and Death. Who follow Satan and build a bridge through Chaos. When the gates are opened Milton states the base of chaos shook with the sound, in the text he alludes to it as Erebus, synonymous as a location in Greek mythology as a place one must pass through to reach the underworld.

‘Th' infernal dores, and on thir hinges grateHarsh Thunder, that the lowest bottom shook of Erebus’. J Milton.

Relatively close by to Erebus in game, is the system Nyx, which in Greek mythology was denoted as the personification of Night and like Erebus the offspring of Chaos, likewise Eris the personification of Discord is in game too and likewise is very close in fact to Nyx, albeit it’s not a system but a body, in the system Minerva.

Now when we identify these locations; Lethe, Erebus, Nyx and Eris they all fall upon a circular zone of systems named after storms. I think this identifies the outer rim of chaos, the gates of hell and maybe the pavilion of Chaos?

Likewise the path of Jacques I speculate mirrors the path of Satan in Paradise Lost. Firstly because Jacques potentially origin point historically is in the area populated by systems which describe the Greek Underworld; then he potentially travels southward like Satan (according to the Greek compass); then he travels at an odd angle before leaving the bubble.

That area is relatively close to the system Bridge and HIP 114458. If we then extrapolate that path before Jacques left the bubble, between HIP 110079 and HIP 110620 it strangely intersects a hypothetical axis which aligns with Erebus and the genship Artemis in Mu Cassiopeia, I find such a coincidence fascinating.

If we follow that logic it brings us up close to Thetis! And potentially this identifies the Empyrean?

I am still a little perturbed by this particular concept and I do wonder if such alignments are actually correct and not imagined. Do they point to Raxxla or actually to some other now archived narrative?

Simply because my interpretation of the Codex ought to tell us to look elsewhere in the Lost Realms zone.

I cant see any direct link so far between these two concepts, eg via the Codex that makes sense of them, unless something is in the lost Realms which is supposed to set us on that path upwards?

Until that is understood this is speculation, but logically Raxxla ought to be directly under the Empyrean not in the Underworld. Unless Brookes version of history (Space in between) moves the location to Hell and bridges this gap between Celtic otherworld and Greek Underworld and Christian Hell (an appropriated concept itself).



Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10304929
Last edited: Jul 1, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian