Jorki Rasalas
Jul 1, 2024
#34,385
Rochester said:
Great post, but I’m still more confident the pavilion is at the base of the zone of chaos, which surrounds the bubble.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10281101

So in Paradise Lost, Hell was encircled by a frozen area and possibly encircled by the river Lethe.

View attachment 396271

In Paradise Lost Satan leaves Hell via Hells Gate, guarded by Sinn and Death. Who follow Satan and build a bridge through Chaos. When the gates are opened Milton states the base of chaos shook with the sound, in the text he alludes to it as synonymous as a location in Greek mythology as a place one must pass through to reach the underworld.

‘’. J Milton.

Relatively close by to Erebus in game, is the system , which in Greek mythology was denoted as the personification of and like Erebus the offspring of Chaos, likewise the personification of Discord in game too and likewise is very close in fact to albeit it’s not a system but a body, in the system .

Now when we identify these locations; Lethe, Erebus, Nyx and Eris they all fall upon a circular zone of systems named after storms. I think this identifies the outer rim of chaos, the gates of hell and maybe the pavilion of Chaos?

Likewise the path of Jacques I speculate mirrors the path of Satan in Paradise Lost. Firstly because Jacques potentially origin point historically is in the area populated by systems which describe the Greek Underworld; then he potentially travels southward like Satan (according to the Greek compass); then he travels at an odd angle before leaving the bubble.

That area is relatively close to the system Bridge and HIP 114458. If we then that path before Jacques left the bubble, between HIP 110079 and HIP 110620 it strangely intersects a hypothetical axis which aligns with Erebus and the genship Artemis in Mu Cassiopeia, I find such a fascinating.

If we follow that logic it brings us up close to ! And potentially this identifies the Empyrean?

I am still a little perturbed by this particular concept and I do wonder if such alignments are actually correct and not imagined. Do they point to Raxxla or actually to some other now archived narrative?

Simply because my interpretation of the Codex ought to tell us to look elsewhere in the Lost Realms zone.

I cant see any direct link so far between these two concepts, eg via the Codex that makes sense of them, unless something is in the lost Realms which is supposed to set us on that path upwards?

Until that is understood this is speculation, but logically Raxxla ought to be directly under the Empyrean not in the Underworld. Unless Brookes version of history (Space in between) moves the location to Hell and bridges this gap between Celtic otherworld and Greek Underworld and Christian Hell (an appropriated concept itself).



Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
Click to expand...
But didn't you say that after the Fall of Adam & Eve God moved Paradise into the Empyrean?
That fits the clue from Legacy. I can't see the pendent world being in Hell.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester