Jorki Rasalas
Jul 2, 2024
#34,387
Rochester said:
Yes that’s my point.

I can see a sort of duality.

On one hand I feel the Codex is directly alluding to the path of Persephone and by association the fall of Satan (due to the alignment of Demeter with Fall; Persephone and Pandemonium) to make us look to the Underworld. Then the other segment of the Codex about Atlantis etc to observe the Lost Realms.

That area I believe is a zone describing the Celtic Otherworld - a paradise not a punitive Hell. This fits well with the Greek concept which is similar to a Celtic Summerland or Land of Youth or Apples, and of the Norse concepts of a place that is on the outer rim, as it’s Hell is in game more closer to Artemis.

But this is still technically below the zone of Chaos in the underworld in game. On one hand I might say it makes a logical sense because it might align with Holdstock too of an Otherworld and an axis point at the base of Yggdrasil.

So technically a shifted paradise?

But then there seems to be evidence of a Miltonian model.

The supposed complexity would advocate that Eden then following the exactness ought to be above, on the outer reaches of the zone of chaos?

Technically that ought to be the Pendant globe. Just below the Empyrean. But yes it’s alluded that paradise too aka gods garden might have been raised into heaven after the second fall!

It still doesn’t align with the codex direction but it can be observed in game, I am honestly at odds with both!

The only thing I can imagine is either: this architecture relates to a number of ; that Eden is an Holdstock Easter Egg Otherworld and it’s below or in the Lost Realms because Brookes designed it that way as a homage to Holdstock - academically that is very insightful and rather brilliant.

Or there is something there, to be unlocked or found, that enlightens us then take that path us upwards; describing the path of Satan, to take us up to the Empyrean?

One possibility is it’s the DW, and it holds additional data towards moving us on the path up through chaos; or Julia’s childhood book (maybe placed in Hammers grave?!?) that tells us where to go?

So for me I think the codex gives enough insight to tell us to observe the Lost Realms and maybe then become aware of the Miltonian model, which ought to advocate a path update, but the is, that without a it’s overly reliant on academic knowledge of Milton so it’s far too wide for any regular player to understand.

It just feels like we are missing something. Or is this simply conflated?

Another concept might be is archeological evidence of an original narrative that got binned and this is all simply or imagined!

Note there is also evidence of a Dante’s model in game too, but it is rather vague, I suppose with enough conviction one could project and make it fit; I haven’t simply because it’s physically placement in game doesn’t align with all the other theories and actually falls into an obvious narrative dead-end.

At least one path is accurate, I suspect the other maybe ?

Honestly can’t tell.

Go to hell or go to heaven!

Click to expand...
I'll probably go to hell, I hear the parties are better. And I vaguely seem to remember from university days that there's an argument that heaven is hotter than hell, based on the biblical descriptions and the physics of the amount of light etc.

Well, it's clear that MB embodied aspects of several mythological cosmographies in-game & they do appear to be loosely aligned. I can imagine MB would have wanted to do that for logical consistency from his own point of view. I suspect there may be no deeper meaning involved, and they could actually just be there for obfuscation of the one key cosmography.

MB said in response to the forum comment "Legacy was billed in the Kickstarter campaign as a sequel to The Dark Wheel, however, I was expecting more of a direct follow up ...There was a throwaway reference to Raxxla near the beginning the story but..."
MB response: “It was more of a spiritual successor than a direct sequel. We did look at a story involving Raxxla, but felt that was a story that should be played out in game rather than as a novel.”

So the Raxxla storyline is in-game. Therefore we don't need any external books, all the necessary clues will be embedded for those with eyes to see, & IMO any external sources are likely to be irrelevant (with the single exception of MB's own Elite Legacy).

We know of the Brookes Memorial Tour "pendent world" quote from John Milton's Paradise Lost, the in-game Paradise Lost cosmography, and the hint from Legacy which seems to point to the in-game Empyrean region. We have the Galnet 14 June 3301 (https://news.galnet.fr/simguru-offers-to-share-tomorrow-today/ ) quote that “Sol is the birthplace of our race, the shining jewel of our galaxy", which together with the codex toast leads to Li Qing Jao station's garden designs, which start with the well-known Paradise Lost cosmography diagram...QED!

I don't think anything other than that is needed. Apart from a whole heap of hard work to search for the solution of those clues and a heap of luck in finding a very well hidden prize...we may well need Trinkets of Hidden Fortune as part of the solution.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Louis Calvert and Rochester