Rochester
Jul 2, 2024
#34,388
Jorki Rasalas said:
I'll probably go to hell, I hear the parties are better. And I vaguely seem to remember from university days that there's an argument that heaven is hotter than hell, based on the biblical descriptions and the physics of the amount of light etc.

Well, it's clear that MB embodied aspects of several mythological cosmographies in-game & they do appear to be loosely aligned. I can imagine MB would have wanted to do that for logical consistency from his own point of view. I suspect there may be no deeper meaning involved, and they could actually just be there for obfuscation of the one key cosmography.

MB said in response to the forum comment "Legacy was billed in the Kickstarter campaign as a sequel to The Dark Wheel, however, I was expecting more of a direct follow up ...There was a throwaway reference to Raxxla near the beginning the story but..."
MB response: “It was more of a spiritual successor than a direct sequel. We did look at a story involving Raxxla, but felt that was rather than as a novel.”

So the Raxxla storyline is . Therefore we don't any external books, all the necessary clues will be embedded for those with eyes to see, & IMO any external sources are likely to be irrelevant (with the single exception of MB's own Elite Legacy).

We know of the Brookes Memorial Tour "pendent world" quote from John Milton's Paradise Lost, the in-game Paradise Lost cosmography, and the hint from Legacy which seems to point to the in-game Empyrean region. We have the Galnet 14 June 3301 ( ) quote that “Sol is the birthplace of our race, the shining jewel of our galaxy", which together with the codex toast leads to Li Qing Jao station's garden designs, which start with the well-known Paradise Lost cosmography diagram...QED!

I don't think anything other than that is needed. Apart from a whole heap of hard work to search for the solution of those clues and a heap of luck in finding a very well hidden prize...we may well need Trinkets of Hidden Fortune as part of the solution.
Click to expand...

I do agree Trinkets would not hurt to have on board, they are ‘historically linked’ of that I am certain. And the placement of certain systems connected to the mythology does seem to correlate.

If one can bare the weight and responsibilities of carrying them.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian