Jorki Rasalas
Jul 1, 2024
#34,381
simulacrae said:
Ok I think I have a better Idea of what we are looking for now.

Let me start out by pointing out there is a connection between Milton's Pavilion of Chaos, Plato’s Supercelestial Place, The Divine Feminine, Lady Fate, and Phanes …. the omphalos

Ive scratched around this earlier but was missing the connections
There is a paper I would recommend reading on JSTOR : Milton’s Chaos and Old Night https://www.jstor.org/stable/27712836

Walter Clyde Curry makes the case that Milton’s Chaos and Night are based in the doctrines of Neoplatonic theology and by extension Orphic and Pythagorean cosmogony. He argues that the (Curry, p42). Milton describes Night as the consort of Chaos and associates her with both the Womb of Nature as well as high Arbiter Chance….











(PL Bk II 906-915)

Interestingly in the above segment Milton is using the idea of the Tripartite Cosmic Soul that you see in NeoPlatonism and Orphic/Chaldean works… A bad paraphrasing by me is that the Intellect sends out the Noetic Ideas of various Forms which nurture in the womb of Necessity who gives birth to the structures with which the Demiurge uses to Create Reality. In Milton he has God as the Intellect and the Son as the Demiurge I think.. But keeping Necessity (Night in Milton) in conjunction with Chaos as the Bond or Arbiter of “his dark materials”…




I believe we are looking for the Omphalos Rift. Not to belabor a point but as Nyx (Night)/ Ananke (Necessity) was considered to have given birth to the Cosmic Egg…. the Omphalos rift. Using Milton’s imagery the location we would find it would be the Pavilion of Chaos.





A side thought…


I believe that whatever we are looking for is hidden in a system with a small chance of showing itself. Perhaps that chance increases with use of trinkets or searching in groups (thinking of that Braben comment)...














(PL Bk VII 235-230)

This just make me think of the Thargoid Link signals and what I like to think of as the Thargoid Yardstick (the line between Merope and Col 70) – I remember trying to follow the method for locating those places and was essentially doing a lot of compass work...
Click to expand...
Alleged and unverified Braben comment!!

P.S. someone suggested that (alleged) comment might have applied to the Formidine Rift mystery but I disagree...there was no combat danger in that mystery until the very end of it (Drew's challenge/Salomé's demise), so no requirement to be Elite.
Last edited: Jul 1, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae