Rochester
Dec 13, 2018
#4,525
Han_Zen said:
The Opmhalos Rift is a central subject in the codex for Raxxla.

Deneb is a historic(and future) north star of Earth and the current North star of Mars. It's the only North star that lies in the Galactic plane.
Denebs position is in the cleft, where the Great Rift starts.


Denebs position at the start of the Great Rift is known i ancient cultures as the birth place of the Sun, between the thighs of Nut. The entrance to the underworld, where the rivers part. Or the point where the souls of the dead are sent down the dark path or up the bright path. The symbolism of migrating birds(Cygnus the swan/hen/goose/eagle and the mythical roc bird) is heavy in the myths.

I will not go into detail on the research, but you can read about it in:

This was good enough for me to go. I went to Alpha Cygni, about a week ago. I found something very mysterious, in the least expected place.

After looking at the system map for a while(I was in VR at the time), I noticed a new object in the map. It grew slowly and looked like a dark cloud. When panning the screen, it moves in a plane between the normal system bodies and the background stars. It's always located in the bottom right corner of the map.

[up][alien][up]

Rep for the tin-foilery, who knows...since the Codex all bets are off. Honestly feel FD have hit the re-set button on Raxxla since the Dark Wheel missions dried up/binned/bugged/forgotten. Third party tools and lore aside the Codex is the official source of lore within the game so I'm pretty certain the Dark Wheel toast and Stella poem are maps of some sort.

Now originally FD said there would be no clues and it would be obvious. I take that to mean that FD staff would not give clues, but the game would hold something within it to guide us and it would be pretty obvious (Dark Wheel missions). With those potentially gone (for now) this Codex is all that we have to go on (for now) so I think we need to pull it apart to build a map.

The structure of the toast feels to me that it is painting a picutre within the night sky (not a 3D map) but of constellations as seen from Sol directing our attention towards a sector. Maybe the Stella poem ties into this as well and goes a little deeper. In other words its a journey.

I'm postulating it begins in Cassiopeia and we're supposed to follow the next clue within the next line/passage (Heart & Soul?) and then the next, and then the next and so on until...

The Northern Cross isnt far off from Cassiopeia (X marks the spot?). Honestly it could be anything but we have 'new eyes to see' with (FSS scanner) which makes exploring systems much faster, and I expect it will be integral to locating Raxxla, especially if it isnt a plannet but a station. Maybe we have to scan each system within the map for clues? Who knows but the Codex is the primary starting point I'm certain.

All intelligence should be evidence driven, for too long we've postulated very complex and rational concepts such as rouge planets etc based on very flimsy data. I honestly feel the original DW missions were to take us on some merry dance, that resolved into something but their gone - for good (for now).

What ever Raxxla is/was it had to have been in game since day one, if it were a planet or moon nothing could have been done with it apart from scanning it, but a station could be docked with and whatever it held obtained. The Raxxla logo also looks very much like a Station: Raxxla Gateway Station (might be reason it doesnt appear in Gal-map searches or we walked past it in the past).

Currently having the best time in Elite Dangerous in a very long while, the game is afoot.

Last edited: Dec 13, 2018
Reactions:
Scytale