Jorki Rasalas
Dec 14, 2018
#4,534
Rochester said:
Rep for the tin-foilery, who knows...since the Codex all bets are off. Honestly feel FD have hit the re-set button on Raxxla since the Dark Wheel missions dried up/binned/bugged/forgotten. Third party tools and lore aside the Codex is the official source of lore within the game so I'm pretty certain the Dark Wheel toast and Stella poem are maps of some sort.

Now originally FD said there would be no clues and it would be obvious. I take that to mean that FD staff would not give clues, but the game would hold something within it to guide us and it would be pretty obvious (Dark Wheel missions). With those potentially gone (for now) this Codex is all that we have to go on (for now) so I think we need to pull it apart to build a map.

The structure of the toast feels to me that it is painting a picutre within the night sky (not a 3D map) but of constellations as seen from Sol directing our attention towards a sector. Maybe the Stella poem ties into this as well and goes a little deeper. In other words its a journey.

I'm postulating it begins in Cassiopeia and we're supposed to follow the next clue within the next line/passage (Heart & Soul?) and then the next, and then the next and so on until...

The Northern Cross isnt far off from Cassiopeia (X marks the spot?). Honestly it could be anything but we have 'new eyes to see' with (FSS scanner) which makes exploring systems much faster, and I expect it will be integral to locating Raxxla, especially if it isnt a plannet but a station. Maybe we have to scan each system within the map for clues? Who knows but the Codex is the primary starting point I'm certain.

All intelligence should be evidence driven, for too long we've postulated very complex and rational concepts such as rouge planets etc based on very flimsy data. I honestly feel the original DW missions were to take us on some merry dance, that resolved into something but their gone - for good (for now).

What ever Raxxla is/was it had to have been in game since day one, if it were a planet or moon nothing could have been done with it apart from scanning it, but a station could be docked with and whatever it held obtained. The Raxxla logo also looks very much like a Station: Raxxla Gateway Station (might be reason it doesnt appear in Gal-map searches or we walked past it in the past).

Currently having the best time in Elite Dangerous in a very long while, the game is afoot.

I like the hypothesis that the DW toast is a set of clues to a journey leading to Raxxla; it would be a resolution of MB’s comment that it’s a journey we all must make. However I’m still dubious since we hear that TDW lost Raxxla (or did Han_Zen correct me on this? My brain is dead), so how come the clues to its location are in their toast? For me it doesn’t hang together as a path to Raxxla, I think it’s more likely that it’s a lead to their dark station.

The hypothesis about Raxxla being a rogue planet was based on the (non-canon) Oolite saga where Raxxla was a rogue, and DB’s livestream comment that Ed Lewis didn’t know what Raxxla is. We know from the journal specification that rogue planets are a mechanism that is in game. to assist the search it was logical therefore to discuss how we might observe a rogue. This hypothesis may still be valid, we still don’t have a clue as to what Raxxla is.

Han_Zen’s hypothesis that Alpha Cygni is involved is interesting also, but that system’s position doesn’t accord with the image from the startup screen, it puts BLoop and Witchhead at the wrong aspect. So I’m still sticking with my hypothesis for the moment.

Though I may be wrong!
Reactions:
Rochester