Jorki Rasalas
Jun 2, 2024
#34,173
Oh, I'm convinced that the garden is an intentional clue by MB in the "in-game Raxxla storyline"...don't forget he said "you have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious so people know what they're doing". The garden has been in-game from the beginning, and in many stations (don't think it's just Tourist). I think FD got tired of us failing to find it, MB was proud of his work on it & wanted and expected us to find it long ago) so he put the Toast into the codex to highlight it (IMO the toast points to the garden in Li Qing Jao station). It's a storyline without words-its about gameplay. That part of the codex was introduced because we were failing in the quest, we needed extra clues.

There are various possibilities for the meaning of the garden design, which is what I was pondering the other day..the fact that the middle part of the garden has circles overlapping the edges of the panel could mean that is just a window into a larger system. There are ten lights around the edge, which might indicate ten planets?

Never been convinced by that DW hidden station suggestion as a valid clue-the rest of that paragraph about Lyta Crane pours enough doubt over her veracity that I think it's obfuscation ( the doubt didn't stop me checking out a few eighth moons though!). LYT are dull red star types-tbey don't provide much illumination! But getting people to go out looking for a hidden spaceport is a great marketing boost for exploration...and the livestream that announced the codex was entitled exploration:
Beyond - Chapter Four - Exploration Reveal livestream 18Oct2018
m.youtube.com/watch?v=rtmmmP_waf4&list=PL7glm5rbPHKw5-Bx_eQuz3SX7-dyAiyJh&index=9&pp=iAQB

However I suspect the DW station storyline died when MB moved on. Possibly even before then.

Edit:
I also think the "later" codex clues were written by MB at the very start of the game development, together with his Paradise Lost cosmos, hence the naming of the"Mother Gaia" faction and the insertion into Galnet at a very early stage of the clue that Sol is the jewel:
Galnet 14 June 3301 https://news.galnet.fr/simguru-offers-to-share-tomorrow-today/ “Sol is the birthplace of our race, the shining jewel of our galaxy.”

IMO it was all part of his "Raxxla storyline" planning.
Last edited: Jun 2, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae, Neestar and Rochester