Rochester
Jun 2, 2024
#34,172
I still think the garden design is still key, it is not wholly prolific, seemingly only appearing in tourist systems.

I think it was entered as an Easter egg, maybe it was never going to be identified and acts as a type of environmental storytelling which unconsciously points the way.

I find the various allusions, contradictions in themselves.

For me personally, I feel the Codex tells us two elements, which I still can’t personally tie together logically, and feel we’re missing part of the puzzle.

I suspect the ‘toast’ actually tells us precisely the location of the Pendant globe, which I believe the garden design alludes to. But it remains vague enough to be open to interpretation. But which I suspect at least ought to exist within a boundary between the Empyrean and of Chaos?

Where as I feel the rest of the codex, uses metaphor or allegory to allude to the existence of the Lost realms zone, this I suspect is what the memorial also refers to, or at least that Legacy points to?

But these two aspects are seemingly diametrically opposed?

Miltons pendant globe was on the brow (hill) of the Empyrean, it was not in Hell. However the concept of an ‘otherworld’ as prescribed by Holdstock, and the lost realms concept does advocate the ‘underworld’, in that it was not part of heaven, but that it was a paradise for some and a hell for others, the in game location also ties in I believe with Norse cosmology of it being upon the outer rim, of the known world.

If I follow the Miltonian concept the pendant globe ought to be higher up. And I believe it ties in likewise with the traditional concept and I suspect this is reflected in Brookes tattoo.

If I follow the Holdstock concept, it would seem to make literary and logical sense, and advocates Eden as a Otherworld, this concept however might advocate my Miltionian hypothesis is totally flawed, or the model is not wholly understood in it’s true context?

Remember Brookes is mixing cosmology in his supposed ’The Space Between’ concept. And we don’t know how much accuracy made it into game.

With leaps of the imagination, one could speculate the Empyrean exists, but that the shape of Chaos, and that the Otherworld exists to advocate it is a pendant zone, hanging from its East gate?

But that’s a stretched roll of foil..

Last edited: Jun 2, 2024