Rochester
May 31, 2024
#34,164
Rochester said:
He’s another abstract thought: ‘Cora comes home soused’. Why is she so drunk?

So theoretically Cora = Kore = Persephone, which I think we all agree to be accurate?

Persephone in game is in the Underworld zone, how applicable, so my theory previously was this marks a path to the underworld. This location is very close to Pandemonium from Paradise Lost.

Demeter is also in game; draw a line between the two, then look to systems close to Demeter, we find Fall, draw a line between Fall and Pandemonium and there is a correlation - good so far? That I felt established the Codex was identifying the Underworld section, a later part talks of Atlantis / Cities of Gold etc, which are in this sector - good, simple locational mapping.

By why is Cora drunk?
Why is she talking of pirates and stashes?
Why does she return?

In the myth of Persephone she does return after the applicable season where she allowed to leave Hades. So in my interpretation on the Codex, it’s simply alluding to Persephones journey to and back from the Underworld.

But she does not get drunk, in any of the myths to my knowledge. The only person who does drink in the myth is her mother.

If this is not simply a reference to Demeter, for us to draw such a line, then is Cora actually drunk, if so why if it’s not just another reference for us to establish the association to her mother?

If it’s not that simple, where is she getting plastered?

Is there a location in the Underworld/Lost Realms zones associated with booze?

Or is it just that simply as Ive previously established, go to the underworld, find the lost realms… but what next; Hammer in Legacy liked a drink!

Did she grab a pint at Jacques bar, it might not be canon, but he was indicted to be ‘several centuries old’. When did he start serving drinks?

I might do some booze mapping!


Click to expand...

So long stretch, I mapped some deities linked to alcohol and two seem to be relatively close to the area of interest.

Brigid - patron saint of beer?
Bes - goddess of merriment?

My bet is on Brigid, if this is at all relevant? It’s right on the corner of a triangle of goddesses linked to Avalon

It’s also very close on the path of Brookes Tours and remember Hammer tells us of the Beaumont system (beautiful mountain) which is supposed to be below Achernar!

Last edited: Jun 1, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian