Rochester
Jun 1, 2024
#34,165
Beautiful Mountain

Is the use of the name in the book Elite Legacy of the Beaumont system, a directional reference to the myth of king Arthur?

In the book Elite Legacy by Michael Brookes (MB) this location, described by a protagonist ‘Hammer’ was below Achenar, however unlike other systems referred, its not in game.

The word Beaumont is French and means Beautiful Mountain.

If Legacy is the book the Codex is referring to (via the clue ‘a children’s book’, in regards to a protagonists own children’s story book, and who longed to find Raxxla); is the omission of this system from game an intended clue?

Researching various other mountains which might hold a similar description I found the following link to Mount Etna in Sicily, which goes by the names Mongibello and Mungibeddu, both which are described to mean 'beautiful mountain'?

In Greek myth Mount Etna was said to be one of the locations for an entrance to Tartarus!

The Arthurian Romance Flouriant et Florete(c.1250) identified the island of Sicily as Avalon, Anglo-Sicilian legend, has the Archangel Michael help King Arthur weld Excalibur from the lava of Mount Etna?

Sicilian folklore has Mount Etna (Mongibello) as the dwelling place of Morgana la Fay. This likely is from Floriant et Florete and Le Chevalier du Papegau were the name 'Mongibel' is used as the mountain castle of Morgan Le Fey (Arabic description of Mount Etna). She might also be conflated to the ‘Fairy of Gibel’ Gibel also an Arabic term for Mount Etna.

So Morgana’s castle may be on the Beautiful Mountain?

Breton legend associated King Arthur likewise to reside in an underground kingdom on the island, and some literary interpretations mark Avalon’s location as ‘within the East’ associated with Paradise/Eden.

Arthur's subterranean Otherworldly dwelling

The local phenomenon common in the Straits of Messina, is so named after Morgana la Fay as “Fata Morgana”. A phrased also utilised in John Milton’s text Paradise Lost, to describe Satans flight out of Hell.

So could the use of the phrase Beaumont in Elite Legacy, and its directional allusion, actually be a reference to Mongibel and to Arthurian legend - it’s sounds absurd and if correct, incredibly vague?

This association wouldn’t be so absurd if it were not for the fact that the directIonal reference just so happens to intersect systems in game that are named or linked to Arthurian mythology!

This area also holds other systems linked to the ‘land of apples’, the Land Beyond, the Edge of the World.

The Brookes Tours also passes right through this area, and there is a system called Michel and another linked to a guardian of the Eastern Gates both situated in relative close proximity!

Is this actually the correct intention, to journey to or through these very system/s, all linked to Avalon, which do fall below Achenar? One can’t quite bring oneself to accept such a link, so there exists a very healthy probability this is simply another example of pattern bias and wistful thinking.

This forms part of following an association that Robert Holdstock, in his book the ‘Dark Wheel’ drew upon his own inspiration to cast Raxxla as a type of liminal location, a place that is not a place, an Otherworld.

In another Holdstock work ‘Lost Realms’ which I feel is referenced in game as an Easter Egg, Eden was like Raxxla an Otherworld too.

In game such Otherworlds are I speculate reflected upon in the codex, and their tight focal positions below the Greek Underworld, are intentional, and collectively this is where the codex might be pointing us too, likewise Legacy and FD memorial too.

What is in this location, does it lead directly to Raxxla, or is there something here which provides some other clue?

I have long suspected this ultimately is what the Codex is alluding to, however I find the Miltonian references which have been uncovered to date, especially to the ‘pendant globe’; spatially at odds with this hypothesis, but I keep coming back to it, is this a two part puzzle, or is this zone simply a clue towards the path of Satan leaving Hell, on his return journey to the Empyrean?

I find it’s dubious, but if so it ought to advocate something obvious not esoteric resides here?

Source: https://youtu.be/JhUXRzhfjy8?si=cJ87Icj-ChxiFuu-

The Lost Realms of Robert Holdstock
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10214625
Last edited: Jun 3, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian