Mrrshal
May 27, 2020
#16,816
Mrrshal said:
Also there is popular children stories in russia where beautiful princess witch has a star on her brow. What star might it be?

Oh wait I remember something. It is from Russia's MAIN legendary writer Aleksandr Sergejevitš Puškin. He is regarded as the father of modern Russian literature.
He has a story read and known by every single Russian -
«Сказка о царе Салтане» or «Сказка о царе Салта́не, о сыне его славном и могучем богатыре князе Гвидо́не Салта́новиче и о прекрасной царевне Лебеди»
''The Tale of Tsar Saltan'' or ''The Tale of Tsar Saltan, of His Son the Renowned and Mighty Bogatyr Prince Gvidon Saltanovich, and of the Beautiful Princess-Swan ''







Her description:
- персонаж волшебной сказки А.С. Пушкина "Сказка о царе Салтане". Героиня наделена доброй и отзывчивой душой, она помогает молодому князю Гвидону построить себе чудесный город, заполучить волшебную белочку и могучую стражу. Царевна обладает волшебным даром: она неоднократно превращает князя Гвидона в насекомых (комара, шмеля) и сама превращается из белой лебеди в прекрасную девицу, от которой нельзя глаз отвести: "Днём свет божий затмевает, ночью землю освещает - месяц под косой блестит, а во лбу звезда горит. А сама-то величава, выступает будто пава; сладку речь-то говорит, будто реченька журчит." ''

''The Swan Princess - the character of the fairy tale A.S. Pushkin "The Tale of Tsar Saltan." The heroine is endowed with a kind and sympathetic soul, she helps the young prince Gvidon build himself a wonderful city, get a magic squirrel and a powerful guard. The princess has a magical gift: she repeatedly turns Prince Gvidon into insects (a mosquito, a bumblebee) and herself turns from a white swan into a beautiful girl, from whom you can’t take eyes off: “In the daytime overshadows the light of God, at night she illuminates the earth - moon shines under the scythe and a star burns in the forehead(brow). She is of course majestic, appears as a pava(?); her sweet talk is like a little river babbling. ''


Also I found on wiki that Brothers Grimm has ''Virgo with a golden star in her forehead'' but I need someone who knows to elaborate on this.
Click to expand...
In a russian book ''Northern capital. Metaphysics of St. Petersburg''
SPOILER: BOOK LINK
There is discussion of that story. It says that a source and inspiration for Puškin were oral folklore of his time (early 1800s) around Petersburg's region villages that had mixed Finnish-Russian tradition.

The apperance of Swann princess is clearly slavic-finnish. Swann is often Russian motif, good bride often compared to good hunt. History of apperance can be traced to ancient goddess Vellamo.

The star on the brow and moon under scythe is very atypical for russian folklore of that time, but is widely used by people of ''Kalevala'' culture. Widely known particularly in Ingermanland.
Runes were written, where heroine, often daughter of a smith, embarged to the Pohjola (Mythic place that is in the north, Kalevala)(Also Northern star-Polaris is connected) to rescue the stolen luminaries.
watch the picture in https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pohjola_(Kalevala)
It is literally a portal under polaris.
SPOILER: PICTURE
The heroine is often depicted coming back with luminaries carrying them on her head, eyebrows or shoulders.

P.s. α UMi / Ursae Minoris / Polaris in Ursa Minor or Little Bear constellation
Polaris, the brightest star in the constellation, is a yellow-white supergiant and the brightest Cepheid variable star in the night sky, ranging from an apparent magnitude of 1.97 to 2.00. Beta Ursae Minoris, also known as Kochab, is an aging star that has swollen and cooled to become an orange giant with an apparent magnitude of 2.08, only slightly fainter than Polaris. Kochab and magnitude 3 Gamma Ursae Minoris have been called the "guardians of the pole star".[3] Planets have been detected orbiting four of the stars, including Kochab. The constellation also contains an isolated neutron star—Calvera—and H1504+65, the hottest white dwarf yet discovered, with a surface temperature of 200,000 K.
Last edited: May 27, 2020
Reactions:
simulacrae, [PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Han_Zen and 4 others