Mrrshal
May 27, 2020
#16,814
Mrrshal said:
In my opinion these 3 describe ONE system. System that will match all 3!
Ps Someting dangerous. Siren - like one that pulls sailors in to the water (White dwarf or neutron)? Whisperer (Pulsar)?

''The parent's grieft, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vegabond hearts.'' Just refers that for the parents of many adventurers that went to seek it and died, is a grief. Lover's woe - just that it is dangerous to the adventurer who is finally close to it.

''the yearning of our vagabond hearts'' - just that it is seeked by those who are charmed by this myth and are obsessed with it, like the TDW is.
Also there is popular children stories in russia where beautiful princess witch has a star on her brow. What star might it be?

Oh wait I remember something. It is from Russia's MAIN legendary writer Aleksandr Sergejevitš Puškin. He is regarded as the father of modern Russian literature.
He has a story read and known by every single Russian -
«Сказка о царе Салтане» or «Сказка о царе Салта́не, о сыне его славном и могучем богатыре князе Гвидо́не Салта́новиче и о прекрасной царевне Лебеди»
''The Tale of Tsar Saltan'' or ''The Tale of Tsar Saltan, of His Son the Renowned and Mighty Bogatyr Prince Gvidon Saltanovich, and of the Beautiful Princess-Swan ''

SPOILER: SYNOPSIS






Her description:
''Царевна лебедь - персонаж волшебной сказки А.С. Пушкина "Сказка о царе Салтане". Героиня наделена доброй и отзывчивой душой, она помогает молодому князю Гвидону построить себе чудесный город, заполучить волшебную белочку и могучую стражу. Царевна обладает волшебным даром: она неоднократно превращает князя Гвидона в насекомых (комара, шмеля) и сама превращается из белой лебеди в прекрасную девицу, от которой нельзя глаз отвести: "Днём свет божий затмевает, ночью землю освещает - месяц под косой блестит, а во лбу звезда горит. А сама-то величава, выступает будто пава; сладку речь-то говорит, будто реченька журчит." ''

''The Swan Princess - the character of the fairy tale A.S. Pushkin "The Tale of Tsar Saltan." The heroine is endowed with a kind and sympathetic soul, she helps the young prince Gvidon build himself a wonderful city, get a magic squirrel and a powerful guard. The princess has a magical gift: she repeatedly turns Prince Gvidon into insects (a mosquito, a bumblebee) and herself turns from a white swan into a beautiful girl, from whom you can’t take eyes off: “In the daytime overshadows the light of God, at night she illuminates the earth - moon shines under the scythe and a star burns in the forehead(brow). She is of course majestic, appears as a pava(?); her sweet talk is like a little river babbling. ''


Also I found on wiki that Brothers Grimm has ''Virgo with a golden star in her forehead'' but I need someone who knows to elaborate on this.
Last edited: May 27, 2020
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Dr. Lexus, Han_Zen and 4 others