Mrrshal
May 27, 2020
#16,812
Merlin StWahgwaan said:
HOLD UP, WAIT A MINUTE!!

Has everyone took this Codex entry in properly? I know I missed it until right now....

I thought it was ".. to the whisper in witchspace..." but its not....

its whisperER...

So when the toast is read, it can be read a different way....



To the jewl that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! -- Thats one statement, by the punctuation mark being used

To the whisperER in witch-space, the siren of the deepsest void! -- Thats also one statement

The parent's grieft, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vegabond hearts. -- one statement

To Raxxla!


Im not sure what exactly im pointing out here, but I just thought it was important to make the destinction that its whisperer, not whisper, meaning a reference to a person? like the mother of galaxies reference?

IDK, just felt I should share my discovery for anyone who also missed it themselves and thought it was whisper. Maybe it sparks some more ideas in someone....

personally ive come to think the toast is 3 systems, or two systems and a description of life as a raxxla hunter.... but if only 2 systems, why and what and huh? two systems would be unlikey as there is no infer anything from that besides a distance calc, unless we are too assume a 3rd system like Shenz
Click to expand...
In my opinion these 3 describe ONE system. System that will match all 3!
Ps Someting dangerous. Siren - like one that pulls sailors in to the water (White dwarf or neutron)? Whisperer (Pulsar)?

''The parent's grieft, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vegabond hearts.'' Just refers that for the parents of many adventurers that went to seek it and died, is a grief. Lover's woe - just that it is dangerous to the adventurer who is finally close to it.

''the yearning of our vagabond hearts'' - just that it is seeked by those who are charmed by this myth and are obsessed with it, like the TDW is.
Last edited: May 27, 2020
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, [PS4] Filthymick420 and Merlin StWahgwaan