Jaiotu
Nov 25, 2017
#1,141
Wishblend said:
I have been interested in raxxla for a while but not really started looking for it apart from when I am on my deep space trips or expeditions, has anyone suggested looking in the dark areas between the arms of the galaxy?

While I'm not sure if such a hunt has been directly suggested ... sure. Knock yourself out. We literally know so very little about Raxxla that any theory or quest to find it can't be ruled out. Could Raxxla exist in the relatively sparse region between arms? Sure. Why not?

If you take The Dark Wheel at face value, putting us already on a precipitous edge since that novella has been declared non-canon in regards to the current version of Elite, it seems that Raxxla should be much closer to Sol however. If Jason Ryder did find Raxxla before his untimely death then he did so during the days of Faraway hyperspace jump technology. Of course if Jason hadn't followed the normal 'rules' for Faraway then he could have ended up anywhere or anywhen and found Raxxla.

From The Dark Wheel:

Witch-Space, a magic place, a place where the normal rules of the Universe don't necessarily work.

And every few thousand parsecs along the Witch-Space tunnel there are monitoring satellites, and branch lines, and stop points, and rescue stations; and passing by all of these are perhaps a hundred channels, a hundred 'lines' for ships to travel, each one protected against the two big dangers of hyperspace travel: atomic reorganization, and time displacement.

Jump on your own through hyperspace, across more than half a light year, and you'll be lucky to make the same Universe, let alone your destination. You might emerge from Witch-Space turned inside out (which is not a pretty sight). You might be stretched in all the wrong angles, and although the ship keeps travelling, that jelly mass of broken bone and flesh inside the cabin is you.

According to legend, you might come through okay and breathe a sigh of relief, only to go into Earth orbit and wonder why that big lizard, with the teeth and the long tail and the green scales is roaring up at you, and warning you off of his nice Jurassic patch of prehistoric desert.

To go Faraway is a killer, unless you obey the rules.

The bold section is what interests me from this passage. It makes it sound like a relatively short jump could be made relatively safely back in Jason's day. Half a light year isn't much ... a bit farther out then a jaunt to Hutton ... but still achievable at supercruise.

I would assume that Jason Ryder discovered Raxxla somewhere near the official Faraway jump lanes but then took a relatively safe jump of less than half a light year to arrive at Raxxla itself. This would put Raxxla somewhere near the Bubble but, like Ciraq, not on any of the official charts.