Thatchinho
Nov 25, 2017
#1,155
Jaiotu said:
While I'm not sure if such a hunt has been directly suggested ... sure. Knock yourself out. We literally know so very little about Raxxla that any theory or quest to find it can't be ruled out. Could Raxxla exist in the relatively sparse region between arms? Sure. Why not?

If you take The Dark Wheel at face value, putting us already on a precipitous edge since that novella has been declared non-canon in regards to the current version of Elite, it seems that Raxxla should be much closer to Sol however. If Jason Ryder did find Raxxla before his untimely death then he did so during the days of Faraway hyperspace jump technology. Of course if Jason hadn't followed the normal 'rules' for Faraway then he could have ended up anywhere or anywhen and found Raxxla.

From The Dark Wheel:



The bold section is what interests me from this passage. It makes it sound like a relatively short jump could be made relatively safely back in Jason's day. Half a light year isn't much ... a bit farther out then a jaunt to Hutton ... but still achievable at supercruise.

I would assume that Jason Ryder discovered Raxxla somewhere near the official Faraway jump lanes but then took a relatively safe jump of less than half a light year to arrive at Raxxla itself. This would put Raxxla somewhere near the Bubble but, like Ciraq, not on any of the official charts.

Trickylion said:
To unlock raxxla, you need to visit every permit locked system (not region), as these are all connected with elite history. some are inaccessible at the moment, so there must be a trick to unlocking. When there Ally with relevant factions such as the dark wheel, elite division. Etc
Then I imagine missions will appear as part of a hunt for raxxla, also I think people have followed dark wheel ships using wake scanners. That also leads you to Raxxla, via beagle point. As Raxxla was found using a cobra with 7ly drive. Yoi need to match this ship and call yourself Jameson.
Once you get there, its pretty cool, 10% discount off all old world ships. Enjoy

Ok, so a couple of things here.

Jason Ryder didn't find Raxxla, he only found evidence for it's existence.

Jump range isn't limited to 7ly jump range. Full post with screenshots below, but in summary, it's been possible to cover ranges greater than 7ly since the very early days of hyperspace:

https://forums.frontier.co.uk/showt...-Discussions?p=6159264&viewfull=1#post6159264

Possibly this was done by doing lots of sub 0.5ly jumps, but that doesn't really matter, the principle is still the same.
Reactions:
madbilly