Vetinari
V
Jan 3, 2020
#14,471
yelboc said:
We suspect that there has been much retconning of lore. I think the codex is meant to be a re-statement of the lore as it stands now. This means there will be much that is no longer accurate in the official novels, if its contradicted by the codex. So as far as I see it the codex is the only reliable lore now. Everything else is just tales now.

On the plus side that mean DW and Rax are still in

That's pretty much where I am. I thought a new player with no previous knowledge of any game or lore must be able to have the right info and the correct lore. Was just unsure where it was apart from the Codex or what was current and not. Before the Codex, was Raxxla or the Dark Wheel mentioned in game and if so how? Im not sure a new player now would even know about the books let alone read them, theres nothing to tell you about them until you search on here.

One further thought, there was during the Kickstarter or at the end a discussion forum of sorts for people to speak to fdev. Presuming Raxxla was brought up in this forum, would be very interested to know any responses from fdev regarding this but they may have been lost to time or covered by NDA or similar.

By the way, if Will did know and did accidentally release that info he'd be in breach of his NDA and wouldn't last long at fdev in my opinion. I've signed NDAs, the people who want you to sign take them very seriously indeed as do the people who sign them. Its our careers that are at stake. Will is too professional for that as is Paige in my opinion and obviously fdevs opinion as well or they wouldn't have those positions. Now I can firm[ly believe that one of the fdev managers well known for putting Easter Eggs into his livestreams may have included something at some point but doesn't mean he has. To my knowledge he has put in exploding Core asteroids in the background long before mining update release, close ups of the rumoured Krait when showing new weapons off and probably more I am unaware of and he is the one I could believe knows where it is, has access to the data and would do something like that with DB consent. But not Will.

Edit: just found out that a British man aged 35 has been found guilty of stealing Harry Potter (no the real one) memorabilia from the film studios in Leicestershire where he worked. Sold them on ebay for £35K ish so it seems that some people are too stupid even at that stage of their career to realise that that short term gain is nothing compared to the long term cost of doing it.

I still think Will is too intelligent and professional though just included that for fairness as we all know there are idiots out there. I dont think many work at fdev though.
Last edited: Jan 3, 2020
Reactions:
Reggit, 3navis and [PS4] Filthymick420