Old Duck
Mar 20, 2019
#6,879
STORY FOLLOWS

Running passengers for TDW led me to a system with a tourist beacon declaring how "rare it is" for a system to have just one planet, and that planet to have life. You probably know the one. I didn't have much else to do, so I thought I'd look around a bit in case TDW might hide their station in a unique system like this. Besides the main star, there was brown dwarf off in the distance, so I went to it and looped around, trying to spot something using parallax. My thinking is that the station and perhaps even the planet will be "cloaked" from sensors but still visually identifiable - for those with "eyes to see". And then, something indeed caught my eye....

Ships. Just a couple of ships leaving this brown dwarf, yet there was no discernible origin point - no station, no nav beacon, no planet, nothing but the star itself. This got me excited. Where are these ships coming from, and why? And then I saw a Diamondback flying to this star, and I followed him until he dropped out of supercruise. When I dropped in on his wake, I was really hoping something would be there.

Alas, there was nothing...

Nothing but empty space and a Diamondback with no apparent purpose..

Maybe he was looking for Raxxla, too!

I bookmarked the star just in case, but now I think this just a bug in the game (wouldn't be the first). AFAIK, there shouldn't be "traffic" flowing to and from a "dead end" star. Now I've not really paid attention to things like this in the past, so maybe this strange behavior is commonplace. What has your experiences been? I've decided that while Jenny explores, Duck will continue to run tourists and missions, but with an open "eye to see", looking for strange things in whatever system he ends up in, especially since these systems are around the core worlds. I just worry now that "strange things" will all end up bugs or coincidences instead of real clues. Though I suppose if all I do is chase wild geese, the chase itself brings its own pleasure
Last edited: Mar 20, 2019
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein