Xaintly
Mar 20, 2019
#6,874
Noobilite said:
No, I'm refering to the source of the statement from the video I watched. They have never said it was a little big obvious. I watched the livestream where DB stated this and rewatched it in the past in regards to this. The statement about it being a little bit obvious is not a clue to raxxla. It was about the question of how obvious it is certain things come up as subjects in questions in live stream. That is the origin of that statement. It was not a clue in any sense.

It would not even work at a clue on top of it because that does not actually say anything. People just got worked up over people talking about this and it keeps being repeated. It was never a clue about raxxla. It's not even helpful. Anything you know instantly becomes a little bit obvious by definition.

I think it's kind of sad that we have such little information we're reduced to analyzing tone, body language & eye movements in the specific "official raxxla" quotes.

There's 2 official video statements about Raxxla. I linked the videos & transcripts in the summary document.

There is one video with DB where someone asks 'Does Raxxla exist', and people seem to think he's saying "what a silly question, of course" but I agree with you; he says it's a silly question, and then there's possibly a discussion over what types of questions come up in a livestream. It's confusing and the host & db are talking over each other, so it's hard to know what DB's "of course/you don't know what it is, though" could be referring to. I don't think this video is very helpful.

However, there's a much more useful video; the one with Michael Brooks, FDev's community manager or something, where he agrees to discuss Raxxla.

--

Q: Where is Raxxla?
A: Well, it's in the Milky Way, but I can't tell you where at this stage, it's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves.

Q: … You have always said there will be no clues though haven't you?
A: Erm, that is true... erm, but I think you have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious just so people know what they're doing, erm, but, yeah... but there's nothing to be revealed at this stage.

--
AFAIK, this was the most anyone ever said about Raxxla until the codex. He said this in 2016-May, so after Powerplay, Horizons, Planetary Landings & CQC, but before Engineers, Passenger missions, Guardians were introduced.

I think we can agree that "tiny bit obvious" is a failure; whatever they put in to make it obvious is something most players don't pay attention to.

Personal journey is a bit ominous, at worst, it could imply that the conditions for finding Raxxla are unique to each player (like the infamous Star Wars Galaxies quest to become a Jedi).
Optimistically, I think we're all hoping that there is a repeatable process for finding it that would work for anyone if we figured it out and gave them instructions.

The game keeps track of a lot of stats on each commander. It remembers every system you ever visited. I noticed when they put in the codex, the game also remembers every tourist beacon you ever scanned.
Then there's the various PF ranks, imp/fed rank, minor factions, permits acquired, plus over 100 personal stats like "black market profit" and "skimmers killed".

The game could be tracking any of those. If you get hints to Raxxla when you have earned 1 billion in credits from black market smuggling, no one is going to find it since that's so unprofitable and pointlessly dangerous.
Last edited: Mar 20, 2019
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, Scytale and Han_Zen