Louis Calvert
Nov 29, 2022
#28,117
Jorki Rasalas said:
Now, if only someone young with hands that aren’t plagued by arthritic thumbs & tendonitis would attempt some combat for/against that strange “comms” installation ...or investigate a tourist mission to HIP 63835 to visit the “triple black hole” tourist beacon there...we have recently heard that a tourist mission might have a passenger with a hint to finding Raxxla.
Jorki Rasalas said:
So my thoughts are turning back to HIP 68385 and that rather strange "comms installtion" Josie Rosa for a disguised Omphalos Rift...

@Jorki Rasalas I'm here after a 5,000ly round trip. I've looked around the "Josie Rosa" installation. I don't know enough about these sort of structures to know if it's 'strange'. It certainly is massive. It reminds me of Squirrels Nest. The system feels strange, the gravitational lensing from the black holes makes the stars look very odd as you fly around. It's also really dark here!

It seems weird that both the planet and the installation are called "Josie Rosa", and I don't really know what that name means?
I took a bunch of pics (some below). I flew around it with a fighter and examined as much as I could - didn't see anything that really jumped out as super weird, but the installation is massive and it would be easy to miss something.

I also sat and watched the traffic, scanned several ships in the vicinity, they were of no faction and mixed ratings, mostly quite low rated tbh. The highest rated ship I saw was Dangerous.

I didn't see anything or hear any sounds that would stand out if I saw this place anywhere in the bubble. For example Squirrels Nest has all those comms arrays that give you the strange little comms logs and such, couldn't see anything similar here.
SPOILER: PICTURES








Since you didn't reply to my replies to your request for help, I've no idea what you wanted to test here, you mentioned combat so I assumed you were suggesting the comms arrays should be hacked. For some reason I couldn't hack anything, the limpets were just greyed out. No clue why?!

However, it's only 178ly from Lave so I'm happy to go back whenever you want, tis and easy trip.