Virtual Yoda
Nov 28, 2022
#28,108
There is also the fact that we may have had clues for the next steps but don’t know it was clues for Raxxla.

There are so many people working on different theories and scopes I 100% believe we have made it harder.

The person that scanned the system and moved on might well of been looking for it, but something someone else said called off the hunt, and they were right next to it



However, the reason for my post to share ideas and thoughts.

The day before an update I was checking a system related to Cassiopeia, I was hunting for things for a long time in FSS and even flying around planets NOT in super cruise.

Then they released the binary image, with the quote "just because you can see it, doesn’t mean it isn’t there" and the Coriolis station.

Then the update of the loading screen with the Coriolis station. This could be 100% coincidence – or not we don’t really know.



The statement made “it has to be somewhat obvious” always leads me to dismiss massive theories, (maybe completely incorrect of me, and some of the work I have seen come out of these chats has always astonished me)


The one thing I wish I could do is load the soundwave recording “signature” of a hyperspace jump into a programme and play it. The digital graph in the bottom right of the HUD. It seems to repeat regardless of time spent in the jump animation.

The Whisperer in Which space, siren of the deepest void.

Deepest void could be the space in between systems, Siren is also a song so that becomes

The whisperer in Which Space the song of the deepest void. OR

The song in hyper space.

This song/siren be it the sounds or the graph could even be directions, like you get from a tracker, different noises or sounds when you’re heading away or towards a point.

But I don’t have the means to translate the signature display to audio.



To share

The system I was scanning at that time was Iota Cassiopeia. The earliest version of the Cassiopeia constellation that I can find was done but a Persian astronomer, al-Sufi who published “Book of Fixed Stars” in 964AD. In where he drew Cassiopeia. The dates from various places seem to be out. BUT.

All three of these pictures show Iota Cassiopeia firmly on the brow of Cassiopeia in one sense or the other. Eyebrow OR brow of head. In later versions it was shown as Rho Cassiopeia but it wasn’t originally.

This system also has a Gas Giant with 8 moons, as per the Dark wheel Codex and multiple suns, including a K Type as per the codex image. ISH…



I’m going to head back there and continue the search for the Whisperer in Witch space line assuming I’m in the system that burns on the Brow of the mother of galaxies. Id love a clue about now HA HA.







Here’s a question, or a clue, depending on your view.

How do you find something more than once… that Could imply it is not a physical thing (RE the idea it was made up and it relates to Friendships and that crap, the idea I hate lol) or even if you find it, it can disappear and move, does it jump round the 6 locations in the logo?

Is the toast its path and not our path to it??
Attachments
Cass 1.png
301.6 KB · Views: 79
cass 2.png
455.4 KB · Views: 74
Cass.png
681.8 KB · Views: 65
Reactions:
Dox Paradox, Darrack, Louis Calvert and 2 others