CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Mar 28, 2023
#29,590
R3aktor said:
My thoughts about the link to Es-Safa is that Essafa (mentioned in the Mic Turner message in ED) is mentioned as Essfafa in FE2. So I think the Es-Safa (the place on earth) isn't linked to Essafa, what you assume to be Yamatri. I mean yea can be that Mic Turners Jones Colony is in Yamatri. But I doubt that is linked to Es-Safa.
Hard to say for certain (the spelling difference doesn't help), but based on public scan data there is no Jones Colony planet or moon. There is mention in his obituary of a terraformed world so maybe I need to go to each and see if that rumor has any merit. Relevant text:

Mic Turner graduated with honours from the civilian pilot's school on the frontier world of Jones Colony (Essfafa) in the days before the AIS was so much as a twinkle in Argent's eye. Mic's passion, even as an undergraduate, was long distance flight and the novice pilot was one of the few to discover a habitable (and later terra formed) world before passing the full explorer's grade exams. An early association with Meredith Argent grew into a life-long partnership that has changed the political face of the Galaxy. It was Meredith and Turner between them who first proposed the creation of a safe political unit for those who wished to exist outwith the protection of the Federation or the constraints of the Empire and the pair were the main driving force behind the creation of the Alliance of Independent Systems.

Mic's explorations had always been in the Northern Edge zones and the development of a number of newly terra formed planets in the region provided the funding necessary for the creation of a Colonising Navy - with Mic, naturally, at the helm. The disputed system of Alioth was ripe for stable government when the Colonists of the new embryonic state moved in and, despite a certain amount of resistance, the fledgling democracy grew and flourished. Alioth developed a solid economy and became the site for the New Rossyth Shipyard, destined to build the Galaxy's greatest ship: the 'Turner's Quest'. This is the ship that broke all the rules and opened new and greater space routes to the dedicated explorer - it is also the ship in which Mic was flying when the final, fatal accident occurred. Details of Turner's death are inexact and the Escape Capsule has yet to be released from custody for full, independent forensic examination. Those of use who knew Mic well do not believe that an asteroid storm would have been fatal to so experienced a pilot. We may never know the real truth of Commander Mic Turner's death - but we are still asking questions.

Editorial Note: The views expressed in this column are not necessarily those of the Editorial Committee.
Click to expand...

I am still in favor of viewing Essafa and Essfafa as the same place especially given how it was mentioned in the obituary.
Reactions:
R3aktor