Rochester
Sep 28, 2022
#27,378
As with the Yggdrasil hypothesis, if we can identify various ‘direct’ references to Paradise lost they may correlate spatially.

So far we have: Pandemonium and Sin; ‘Death’ is not in game as a system (EDDB). But what others may there be?

Quickly adding ‘Sin’ to my drawings (below) (red dot at centre, Pandemonium a red dot at the bottom)), shows it to be along the same trajectory as those stars discovered upto 2296, and obviously it’s within the sphere of influence. ‘What’ that tells us is very little, other than potentially it ‘might’ have a spacial relationship, that combined with other information (Yggdrasil) there is a potential hotspot in this area… but we need more references points to form a definitive assessment. (I’ll update my findings later).

Speculation tin-foil: are the discovered systems linked to 2296 the ‘viaduct’ referenced in Paradise Lost?

Technically the viaduct (as well as pandemonium) we’re outside the sphere not inside it, if we speculatively draw a line through these systems upwards (and through Hagalaz) it does lead to the upper hemisphere of the sphere of influence! But we need more data.

I’m following this line of enquiry because if we follow standard logic ‘heavens gate’ ought to be Polaris as identified in my research, however the north axis from a Milton perspective, although the origin point of the apex, the ‘retracting stair’ and golden gate are just off the axi, as is Lucifers viaduct, the Jasper Sea snd Fools Parsdise….

However this is just my own assumption, based upon literature and academic interpretation of the text, MB might have interpreted it differently.

Polaris is also referenced in the works of HP Lovecraft, so it may hold some additional relevance for MB, it’s seems the ‘obvious’ choice.

The downside is, if it is Polaris then the journey is more likely narratively locked, as confirmed by FD who stated the permit for Polaris is not currently active or available to players…

Again I hope it’s not so straightforward and obvious; but ignoring such obvious conclusions the assumptions concerning the sphere of influence are correct it’s indicating something is just off the apex.. but again this is speculative based upon spacial correlation… it may just be space madness.



Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9856307
Last edited: Oct 1, 2022