Bushido Brown
B
Sep 28, 2022
#27,375
Morning all.

I apparently spent all day yesterday flying around thinking about this, so I'll post my journeys here for inspiration. With a brief search noone seems to have posted these specific steps in the thread.

So I've been incidentally listening to Radio 4's Paradise Lost (Really, it was coincidental!), and the scene where Satan returns from Eden and tempting Eve caught my ear. I had the idea that Raxxla as the Paradise we seek held weight.
Anyway, some phrases below. I'm pulling text from https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Paradise_Lost_(1890)/Book_10 , though the R4 show follows closely.

So in this scene Sin and Death have finished constructing a road or causeway from the gates of Hell to:
"the selfsame place where he
First lighted from his wing, and landed safe
From out of Chaos, to the outside bare
Of this round World"

"when, behold
Satan, in likeness of an Angel bright,
Betwixt the Centaur and the Scorpion steering
His zenith, while the sun in Aries rose!"

So listening to this my thought process was: OK, they've come from Hell, built a road out of Chaos/ the Abyss, seen Satan arriving from the direction of Paradise... So if I were smarter or more resourceful I could work out that direction, right?

I looked up the stars in the relevant constellations here: https://www.constellation-guide.com/constellation-list/aries-constellation/ ; and incidentally want to read: https://academic.oup.com/camqtly/article-abstract/37/3/305/291652?login=false#no-access-message

Taking the brightest star in each constellation (Antares, Alpha Centauri, Hamal), I flew about using Hel as an origin system trying to think of ways to draw meaningful lines across the galaxy. Didn't exactly progress, but reading:

"Meanwhile Satan alights upon the bare convex of this World's uttermost orb; where wandering he first finds a place, since called the Limbo of Vanity"

Thinking Limbo in 17 Draconis for this one. My heart was in my mouth momentarily when reading the system description of The Order, but it's a player faction. Guess I was retreading someone's steps.
Taking this to be the first place Satan alights from the abyss, and the poet's description of Satan's appearance to his children on the road as:

"Satan, in likeness of an Angel bright"

Then there being a Station in LHS 1387 called Angel's Sunshine, perhaps in the right direction...
I don't know, guys! It was a long day! If I don't write it down I'll forget my logic, or lack thereof. Where my Milton fans at?
Last edited: Sep 28, 2022
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and Rochester