Han_Zen
Sep 25, 2019
#12,506
Vetinari said:
I was ofc referring to the series of books, where the Scrabble event takes place in the really confusing last one I think, but the intervention messing up the programming makes it irrelevant anyway really

Back to Raxxla, if we are talking bendy space time physics of some sort then only the Thargs have been able to do this haven't they? Punching a hole from one Universe (or whatever Witch Space actually is) into ours? Maybe Soontil (Is that actually proven Tharg or just speculation / best current theory) needs more investigation.

Did DB say at some point 'Follow the missions' in answer to a question about Raxxla or not, heard it a long time ago but can't track it down and not sure it was DB who said it or someone reporting DB had said it?

another thought, and Ill track it down if I have to, one of the earlier Update videos refers to the new missions and there being 3 mission rewards available Cash, Goods & Materials and you can choose which one you get, then they say theres a 4th one but they won't go into that and they look forward to someone finding it out...what are they referring to, what is this 4th mysterious reward, im sure from context they didnt mean Inf & Rep +++ but havent heard anything anywhere about other rewards....unless they meant the tip-off missions?
Click to expand...

All FTL travel is done by utilizing space compression. We make the distance short, in stead of actually moving fast. Supercruise is a more controlled version of this and therefore a more difficult technology. Regular old fashioned hyperspace is just full power and therefor simpler.
It can probably be compared to controlled fusion vs a hydrogen bomb.
Both methods compress space around our ship.

Thargoids are probably doing more or less the same, but they seem to do this away from their ship. We don't know the details, but it looks like they create a semi stabile worm hole and then fly through it. The worm hole presumably makes a zero length connection between two distant points in space.

All of this is of course quasi science.

The Galnet article about Soontil relics https://community.elitedangerous.com/galnet/uid/2ff0af566b06e051c2af52cd02a467351b449535 isn't clear on the origin.
It seem to indicate that it's Thargoid related. Either very old or from an unknown culture.
It could be a base from the time of their conflict with the Guardians, it could be Klaxian or it could be something different. We don't know.

I've never heard the 'Follow the missions' quote.
Reactions:
PeteACarter, [PS4] Filthymick420, simulacrae and 2 others