Jorki Rasalas
Sep 25, 2019
#12,504
Vetinari said:
I was ofc referring to the series of books, where the Scrabble event takes place in the really confusing last one I think, but the intervention messing up the programming makes it irrelevant anyway really

Back to Raxxla, if we are talking bendy space time physics of some sort then only the Thargs have been able to do this haven't they? Punching a hole from one Universe (or whatever Witch Space actually is) into ours? Maybe Soontil (Is that actually proven Tharg or just speculation / best current theory) needs more investigation.

Did DB say at some point 'Follow the missions' in answer to a question about Raxxla or not, heard it a long time ago but can't track it down and not sure it was DB who said it or someone reporting DB had said it?

another thought, and Ill track it down if I have to, one of the earlier Update videos refers to the new missions and there being 3 mission rewards available Cash, Goods & Materials and you can choose which one you get, then they say theres a 4th one but they won't go into that and they look forward to someone finding it out...what are they referring to, what is this 4th mysterious reward, im sure from context they didnt mean Inf & Rep +++ but havent heard anything anywhere about other rewards....unless they meant the tip-off missions?
Click to expand...

Sounds interesting. I’ve not seen (I think, never got around to it) the early diary/development etc FD vids but maybe Han_Zen or Simulacrae etc can answer. Would be interested to see the reference.

Edit: I was doing a couple of missions yesterday afternoon from the same giver, completed first ok when things started to go haywire. Got to the second mission search zone, but it didn’t finalise the circle which was stationary but still “jaggy”. Landed & recovered the item, then realised there was another site 1.5km away, went there & found same “mission item” again, site seemed to be replicated. Got that so had 2/1 items for that mission . Game was very staccato, having lots of freezes for several seconds at a time. Returned to giver, all three items disappered from cargo hold, both missions successful. Pulled up Windows Task Manager & found I’d got two launchers running in the background! How? Only had one to start with!

This was just before I got up to feed the ship’s dog, returned to my (black) pilots chair & sat on my (black) cat who had purloined my space. Jumped up, jamming my arm under the armrest, cat went running off into gard(i)en space. Found I couldn’t move my left arm-think I may have damaged rotator cuff. In pain all night, less than 3 hours sleep.

Think the follow-on mission may have to wait!!!
Edit2: may have time to catch up on videos!
Last edited: Sep 25, 2019
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and Han_Zen