Vetinari
V
Sep 26, 2019
#12,517
I am going to retract my '4th mission' statement as the mad ramblings of a void exposed mind or a dream or i was just hearing things. If I do find evidence I will re-introduce it then with an actual link. For now just treat it as a mistake / false rumour.

I'm not infallible, but I could be wrong about that.

RaNaketh said:
(snip) and now when I check in my messages it's gone!? I only got it on Monday?! :-(

That'll learn me … next time I'm grabbing a screen shot if I get one of those missions.

Fly dangerously.
/Ra

I tend to treat a 'disappearing' message on relog as a 'temporary' one because the tourist Beacons, messages from INRA sites, Unregistered Comms Beacons all stay in the inbox for 30 days and go to the Codex forever so they are 'permanent' messages and actually mean something / lead somewhere (proven). To me, and it is my interpretation only, the temporary ones probably don't have the same significance so I dont worry if they disappear, I probably haven't missed anything major. No evidence of temp missions not having significant at all just my interpretation of how it works.

Jorki Rasalas said:
Talking about missions- I ended my play the other day after a courier delivery and got notice of a follow-on mission at the mission giver’s location. However the station I was docked at had the same faction & also showed a follow-on mission. My question is, is this the same mission as the notification, saving me travelling back, or is it a separate follow-on?

And how long are follow-on missions available for? With my injury I can’t see me playing for a few days at least.

I think its the same one, I've never had another follow-on after picking up the existing one at the station. Most of the time you're at another station so the message I think is just auto-generated to let you know theres a mission available even if you are already there.

Don't know how long for, I usually just pick them up or I'm too far away anyway. Does the message have an expiry length? may be the same. Otherwise Id guess 24 hours, on Server Tick, 7 Days or just a random time for each mission, sorry.

If you want them the easy way to get them is to donate money to the faction and then fairly quickly you usually get a message along the lines of 'With your money we bought 2 bars of Gold that need taking to X station 10-20 LY away'.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420