Jorki Rasalas
Jul 10, 2023
#30,791
Rochester said:
Ok late night maths and geometry question.

If you knew two points made up a hexagon, but you didn’t know the location of the other points, within a 3D environment. I assume - and please confirm my math, you don’t need any other points to identify the centre.

If you have two points, the hexagon center is just a straight line parallel to that formed by the two points.

In a 3D environment you then simply need to rotate this centre (effectively forming a torus) Not knowing the alignment of said hexagon the centre ‘should’ be able to be found, as the point would align somewhere on the outer rim of that circumference relative to that midpoint at an equal distance?

So ‘if’ we could be certain of at least 2 points in space, and ‘if’ the Raxxla hexagon could be presumed to be represented in space by 6 points, with the centre presumably Raxxla, we could hypothetically find said centre through only 2 points, if those 2 points were the correct two points?

Question is, which two points, and is the hexagon a spacial map?

So here is one potential concept!

Deepest Void = Tartarus; Lovers Woe / Parents Grief = Persephone.

Draw a line between them, work out its midpoint, expand a radius from that point (so they sit on its circumference) and you know the relative distance from the midpoint of where the centre of the hexagon might be?

If these two points are representative, and the hexagon is a spacial map, I presume Raxxla is someplace… around here?



But this is reliant on these two systems being relevant, and the hexagon being a spacial map. Because technically you only need 3 points to find an X, Y, Z not 6, a hexagon is actually a little silly but in the absence of any meaningful information I’ll take silly, it’s something,

Now that I have a potential distance and area of influence all one needs do is identify systems falling in that circumference, if none fit this idea is hogwash, if any systems do fit it’s only relevant if some correlation can be confirmed, plus I’m in Legacy, so who knows what limitations that includes!
Mmm, hexagon, six points... suggestive of the toast. Looking at your “Underworld region” (systems within ~36ly of Asphodel/Axis Mundi)... my mythology is almost non-existent but googling/wikipedia suggests:
Jewel on brow of mother of galaxies->Sol or Hathor? But these are too far from your Underworld region (edit in greek myth the mother would be Hera, but the jewel??) (edit2 Nut (aka Nwt, Nunut, Nent, Nuit) was “the lady/goddess of the stars” but in-game star Nu was a male god...
Whisperer in witchspace -> from Paradise Lost should be Lucifer but cant see a likely system
Siren of the deepest void->Tartarus is the deepest void or Asphodel, but who’s the siren? Erlik or Giltine or Mictlan? Edit 3 Perhaps El Tio?
Parent’s grief -> Demeter
Lover’s woe-> Persephone? Would more likely be Hades/Pluto?
Yearning of vagabond hearts-> Summerland, Cockaigne, Shambhala, Avalon, Tir Na Nog
Last edited: Jul 10, 2023
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester