Diostar50
Jul 9, 2023
#30,787
Rochester said:
We accept he was supposedly going to Beagle Point, but why? That system is supposedly arbitrary and discovered by a player, named by players.

Beagle Point was far from arbitrary . At the time it was big news in the game and in the gaming press for the events that surrounded it. You need to remember that Jaques' big jump was intended to coincide with the culmination of the Distant Worlds (DW1) expedition out at Beagle Point (DW1 at the time was by far the largest event in Elite history, and was being covered by many magazines of the day). Frontier went on record as saying Jaques intended to jump to BP the same week that the DW1 fleet reached Beagle, and do so as a homage to the end of journey achievement. This was back when crossing the galaxy was a big deal as there were no engineered ships, carriers, or neutron jumps to make it easier and quicker, hence Frontiers acknowledgment of what had been achieved by so many players.

I also seem to recall that Frontier had further plans for Jaques after his Beagle Point visit, he was to roam the galaxy and be a kind of rest stop at key locations - a place for deep space travellers to visit and sell their exploration data to (a role the DSSA kinda fulfilled years later).

So there was every intention for Jaques to visit the far edge of the galaxy, but he was discovered early by Cly, and the rest is history. I don't think there was any hidden mystery behind Jaques, Frontier most likely used his location in the Eou Prou nebula as a placeholder - supposedly out of sight, ready to place him out at Beagle when DW1 arrived there, but someone at Fdev messed up and CMDR Cly scuppered their plan by spotting it on the galmap filters and (as a dev later mentioned) a whole storyline they'd written for Jaques post BP had to be scrapped. They instead went with the whole mis-jump idea due to UA bombing during his CG, and then player activity via the early attempts to ship metal alloys out to him lead to the birth of Colonia.
Colonia was emergent gameplay at its best. Player instigated, player lead, and the idea of which is something Michael Brookes embraced and saw the value in.
Last edited: Dec 2, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, CMDR Davanix, Han_Zen and 3 others