Jorki Rasalas
Jul 10, 2023
#30,794
Rochester said:
I’ve given up on trying to establish a direct match to the supposed 6 point idea. As it’s too wide and some part of me thinks it’s either descriptive of one place altogether or none at all.

Last night I was just pondering on how Pandemonium and Tartarus are ‘seemingly’ at an equal distance based off Axis Mundi and Asphodel. Then we were talking of the system Triton, which is just above and relatively close.

Then my mind just jumped to the old idea of a hexagonal spacial map, it’s silly, but I like silly and it going to give me something to do in game.

The alignment one Tartarus and Persephone are just possibilities, I have no idea what the other points are, and the hexagon idea above is just a quick fire way of trying to find its centre.

Totally irrelevant if either one of the systems are wrong, I’m aware of this.

Going to work out the exact math then plot some relative points which can then be exploited, say 50 or do, then look to plot them into the Gal map and see what comes up - for fun!

The whole underworld sector I do feel is a strong possibility, simply because the Codex mentions these names and these are relatively in game. It’s a metaphor so I don’t feel it has to be exact - it’s simply telling us a ‘general idea’!
Yep, I’d agree the “Underworld region” is likely to be a general idea, but I suspect the hexagon idea for 6 systems from the toast could then be a map for precision search. Laying them out graphically (bookmarks in galmap?) might be instructive. I think, in the absence of any result from my “Raxxla in Sol” theory, this is the best alternative theory I’ve heard . The tight grouping of “Underworld” systems indicated in the Codex is suggestive of it being a pointer, and IMHO the fact that Jaques travelled through this region reinforces it. I’ve long wondered why Galnet had thise posts about his journeys; further hints to Raxxla makes sense of them.

The trouble is that we don't know what we’re looking for, even when we find the system it’s in!!

I am impressed with the amount of obfuscation (including the Mars Alien Artefact) that has been inserted around all this! I think it’s likely to be down to MB (Allen Stroud any involvement?) and just underlines his genius!
Last edited: Jul 10, 2023
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester