Rochester
Jul 10, 2023
#30,792
I’ve given up on trying to establish any direct match to all of the supposed 6 point hexagon idea. Again if that’s true you only need two to be correct!
Last night I was just pondering on how Pandemonium and Tartarus are ‘seemingly’ at an equal distance from Axis Mundi and Asphodel. Then we were talking of the system Triton, which is just above and relatively close as well.

And reflectively there are a bunch of odd systems around here which has me suspicious.

Then my mind just jumped to the old idea of a hexagonal spacial map, it’s silly, true, but I like silly and its at least going to give me something to do in game.

The alignment of Tartarus and Persephone are just one possible correlation, I have no idea what the other points might be, but my point being - if that concept is true, you only need 2 points to find it’s centre, not 6 - so who is to say the Codex is actually describing 6 points?

Totally irrelevant if either one of the systems are wrong, I’m well aware of this.

Going to work out the exact math for this, then plot some relative points which can then be exploited as a base reference say 50 or do, then look to plot those into the nearest systems in Gal map and see what comes up - for fun!

The whole underworld sector I do feel is a strong possibility, simply because the Codex mentions these systems names and these are relatively in game. It’s a metaphor so I don’t feel it has to be exact - it’s simply telling us this is the ‘general area’!

Atlantis - is in game, as are several other systems named after mythical sunken kingdoms all in this area.

El Dorado - is linked to the cities of gold, these are in game and in the same area.

Prestor John - well not in game but in this area as above are other ‘mythical lands’ / ‘far beyond the realms of the map’ again all relatively in this very close area.

To my GIS mind it’s a hotspot, it simply telling us - look here.

My hexagonal idea is just me being abstract in the absence of more information, as being creative might knock something loose - it might not. Better than doing nothing.
Last edited: Jul 10, 2023
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian