Jorki Rasalas
Apr 7, 2020
#15,992
Vetinari said:
The problem with 8H moons is they are nearly always prime candidates for a hidden station, so far away out in the black...and curses when its a CD 8H coz it makes it even better. Even in the poorly travelled systems the 8H alone is quite often scanned & mapped, does give me hope that at least one person was looking for something not just honk n scoop. Have found a few though and plenty not on EDSM near or in the bubble. Project Potato or whatever its called will solve that though hopefully.

Last page, fighter in Conda - I must admit I have one, I just like flying it around planets and anomalies for a bit of fun. In the DBX everything is always at risk and some P type almost got me but the fighter can blow up. I actually have the double hangar. It does 8-10 LY less than my DBX which kind of defeats the object but I still like the extras in it. When I get bored I can just fly like a moron and no consequences.

PilotsFederation - I always look at this one specifically as a placeholder as often appears in similar style to me, not sure what was supposed to replace it though which just enhances the mystery...if it was supposed to the 'real' DW and then it got postponed but the text never got updated or altered then maybe it will one day, or maybe not and its just an error and putting the space in now would mean moons turn purple or whatever they're constantly up against trying to modify the old code.

Unnamed - Can mean 'does not have a name' or 'name has not been specified'. First one could technically include all the auto named systems and any without a 'real' name rather than a mathematical name or a location name or a telescope name. In this context probably just means 'Yah boo you're not getting any more info here'
Click to expand...

“Unnamed” could also indicate it’s an as-yet undiscovered system, but I think the “yah boo” is more likely. I don’t put much faith in Lyta Crane!
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Machina Ergo Sum and Vetinari