Rochester
May 5, 2023
#30,286
Regarding Persephone and Demeter in game, I only came around to accepting this as-being an intensional placement, once I had concluded the date 2296 correlated with Pandemonium’s placement and other systems in that locality.

There is a locational correlation in my opinion (see previous tinfoil) and when viewed against Persephone and Demeter they line up.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10101133

This allowed me to see metaphorical meaning hidden within the codex - to some extent.

So ultimately my understanding is that the use of such system naming is more likely metaphorical rather than them being directly true.

For instance I am not presuming that FD has implemented a quest based or inspired upon a specific mythological storyline. Rather these are abstractions, they are signposts, directing our attention towards certain areas. This fits with FD modus operandi of treasure hunts which they have utilised previously. I would not wish for players to become too focused upon falling into omphaloskepsis.

Where does this take us next is an unknown, if true, because I always presume it may not be, there is some location in the underworld holding some additional clue, either in it’s or it’s neighbours naming, or in some physical element hidden in one of those systems.

It’s possible, if intentional the author is not attempting to build a facsimile (that would be too obvious) but may be drawing upon several sources to imply an abstract area.

Again this is a theory based upon locational relationship mapping, the idea is to identify potential correlations and develop a focal point, a hotspot we’re resources may be best utilised. I am constantly looking for alternatives, but everything I do find seems only to marry up, maybe this is just pattern bias?

But for me this is why we share information, it’s called critical analysis - we test our theories and look for truth and we accept we may be wrong.
Last edited: May 5, 2023
Reactions:
Dox Paradox, GURU-951 and Macros Black