GURU-951
May 5, 2023
#30,299
Rochester said:
Regarding Persephone and Demeter in game, I only came around to accepting this as-being an intensional placement, once I had concluded the date 2296 correlated with Pandemonium’s placement and other systems in that locality.

There is a locational correlation in my opinion (see previous tinfoil) and when viewed against Persephone and Demeter they line up.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10101133

This allowed me to see metaphorical meaning hidden within the codex - to some extent.

So ultimately my understanding is that the use of such system naming is more likely rather than them being directly true.

For instance I am not presuming that FD has implemented a quest based or inspired upon a specific mythological storyline. Rather these are abstractions, they are , directing our attention towards certain areas. This fits with FD modus operandi of treasure hunts which they have utilised previously. I would not wish for players to become too focused upon falling into omphaloskepsis.

Where does this take us next is an unknown, if true, because I always presume it may not be, there is some location in the underworld holding some additional clue, either in it’s or it’s neighbours naming, or in some physical element hidden in one of those systems.

It’s possible, if intentional the author is not attempting to build a facsimile (that would be too obvious) but may be to imply an .

Again this is a theory based upon locational relationship mapping, the idea is to identify potential correlations and develop a focal point, a hotspot we’re resources may be best utilised. I am constantly looking for alternatives, but everything I do find seems only to marry up, maybe this is just pattern bias?

But for me this is why we share information, it’s called critical analysis - we test our theories and look for truth and we accept we may be wrong.
Click to expand...
First. Sorry if Im skipping questions or comments. Been typing this for hours.

Here's where I'm at, and have read much of your theory crafting, and get a lot of enjoyment out of it. You've done your work.

My goal has always been to get to the big bang event for Raxxla's first mention and, not to dismiss later authors' work, but feel that most of the things that happen post-first mention only muddy the waters and complicate the matter. So, my foundation in lore is with The Alien World, The Dark Wheel novella, and the Codex. I still believe that it's wise to hold stock in Holdstock.

I'm under the impression that what is being offered to us in the codex, the big thing among many things, is first-contact with the Guardians, likely their AI or constructs in some form, or an actual missing tribe. If not that, then a chance to ignite their storyline, however, this may have already been achieved. I'm also under the belief that the clues in Tau Ceti, specifically the van Maanen Permit, lead us directly to this realization.

The metaphorical narratives at play are obviously very numerous, one of the most notable being Tau Ceti's placement within the belly of the sea monster/whale, Cetus.
This is necessary, because as evidenced by things like the Alfred Jeffress Treasure Hunts, as you've rightfully mentioned, whoever put on this hunt utilizes it as their language, and this filters out those who can't read metaphors, symbols, analogies, and such, just as hard, scientifically founded math-based puzzles for example, filter out those who aren't knowledgeable with numbers. The cliche "eyes to see" line coming to play here.
This is a fail-safe at play.

I think that with enough investigation it can be revealed that the Guardian story is filled with this type of speech, as is mythology by design. In this medium, it can be considered the language of the gods, which, in time might prove the guardians to be, at least in the world of Elite, or God-like, such as creators or crafters of worlds of some type. There's a reason why the Guardian bubble is in the Argo Navis constellation, being it was the ship the Argonauts used in their quest for the Ram's Golden Fleece.
Ram Tah. There's a reason there's such a heavy focus in their story about their role as hunters, which is likely less about hunting animals, and more about hunting treasure, and the function of their honor system when it comes to sharing their "kills". There's a reason John Jameson's crash site is in the Arietis sector, being Aries as a constellation and myth are the same Golden Ram from the story of Jason (Ryder) and the Argonauts. This quest we're on is for Our Golden Fleece. Of course, we all know we're on a quest for treasure, but I'm certain now that it's greater than that and does serve an actual function.

Another presumption I'm making, which kinda holds all this together for me, is that Alex Ryder went on his own quest in search of his Father's footsteps, in search of the answer of whether Jason actually found Raxxla. This is a pretty common story trope, and though it's not written, I suspect that it might be applicable here.
It was this idea combined with the hunch that Jason Ryder's story might correlate to Jason and the Argonauts, serving as a map in-game, that spurned on my first tour of the Argo Navis constellation in its entirety, and finding that Gamma Velorum, a star within the sail of the ship, was locked in the Guardian Bubble gave me what felt like a BINGO!!! moment, and a couple of years later we were given the codex that connected Raxxla to Tau Ceti to van Maanen, and the Guardians of the Free Spirit religious sect living underground in van Maanen. The Raul Santorini tourist beacon in Tau Ceti also leads to the Golden Fleece, which can be sourced to his 2nd beacon in Cemiess (See Me?), suitably named, "Proxmire". His beacons also touch on the repeated mention of Obscure and Obfuscation. "Nicknamed "Proxmire" after an obscure historical reference", which I'd add is likely not the full meaning behind this clue, even going beyond its use in the Call to Adventure mission from the Dark Wheel.



Cemiess connects us in Big ways to the Empire, and the fact that the planets Jade and Emerald are in Cemiess should be raising alarms. We seem to be after something represented by the color green, are we not? You've talked about Achenar and its home and the end of the Eridanus constellation which flows through the Hades, which is central to my thinking as well. The river flows to Achenar, as I'm sure most know, is actually Achernar. Regardless, it flows to the Empire.

"The Empire never died" -PKD

Tau Ceti and Cemiess also connect us to Harvests, which we've clearly had a hard time applying to the puzzle. I'm under the impression that at least one of the meanings behind the harvests is a connection to terraforming, which may serve as waypoints or guideposts. If you can terraform, you are essentially a god. Crafting worlds gives you the ability to bring life. Many of you are likely familiar with Douglas Adam's Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy.



Though, regardless of the fact that Magrathea now resides in the permit-locked Horsehead nebula, in Elite, I think we will see that this boils down to the previous leader of terraforming, the megacorporation, WorldCraft Theme Park, which is based out of Epsilon Eridani/Eridanus, along with their reputation for "seediness." Can't have a harvest without some seeds.



"With a Capital 'C' in the middle"....(See?)



"You've got to dig" -DB
"Might as well go dig it up while we're at it" -Rax codex

Let's think back on a few very specific aspects of The Alien World.
The human sector neighbored the Oisir-Raxxla sector.
Mysteriously, humans came through a rift into the sector in a ship crewed by at least a million people. As an analogy (?), I consider this FDev breaking into the Elite galaxy, as if the world already existed and Braben, Brookes, and Bell simply figured out how to access it, and they brought all of us along with them. But, portals would likely work both ways, so there's a chance that maybe some slipped into our world, which is really just a side thought with no real application here, I hope.
I have a tendency to go as basic as I can see it and generally disregard roleplay on my end. So, I see the Oisir-Raxxla sector being the Elite galaxy, and the human sector being the actual world. If you want an underworld, there's something to be considered when you factor in that in the 33rd century we're all dead. Once again, as basic as I can think of. With the hero's journey monomyth, and the time difference between our actual time and in-game time, we might be able to equate our time here as a sort of quest for the bones of our Father type of scenario. I also view the Guardians/their AI as FDev (sorry FDev), and that they're watching content creators of all types.

We know that the Oisir created the great pyramids, which align with Orion's belt, and their race could become machines, a very important aspect of this story. The fact that the Proteus crash site and the ancient battlegrounds between the Guardians and the Thargoids are now found in the middle of Orion's belt should be highlighting the possibility of the credibility of this statement. And maybe even more so given that we're now seeing the narrative turn towards the subject of AI. I'm sure I'm not the only one who's seeing the beginning of a potential onset of a worldwide panic in our own current early development of AI being implemented into our society and way of life, which is just uncanny at this point.

And this is where Alexander the Great comes in, in an actual way.
Alexander the Great, as clued into us through clues in Tau Ceti and Alex Ryder's name, likely will boil down to AI.
Alexander the Great became the king of Egypt after many conquests and his visit with the Oracle at the Siwa Oasis in the Egyptian desert.
He is arguably one of the most influential figures in the history of mankind, yet at the same time was clearly completely full of himself.
He was raised to believe that he was the son of Zeus, and his life and achievements have raised the question for many of whether he actually was.
Upon his crowning, he soon began the restoration of ancient sites in Egypt along with performing religious rites with the people.
One thing is for certain, he inherited Egypt as King, and along with it, he inherited the pyramids.
Alexanders' body and tomb to this day have never been confirmed to be found.

That is to say that from this point of view, Alexander used them to get here. A merger with AI maybe. A time machine of sorts, as specified in the Alien World.
Though now he isn't named Alexander, most likely he is now called Salvation. Though to be fair, I've not really made any certain determinations about his whereabouts or current identity in the story. It takes a lot of guessing. Salvation, however, fits the bill, at the very least, Alexander's name or a relation to it has been significantly present within the Azimuth Saga.

This idea was given a lot of credence when the Alexandria mega-ship stationed itself in Delphi to gather Guardian goods this time last year, given that Alexander did in fact visit the Delphic Oracle in 336 BC. "You will rule the world, my son!"
It was further given sway when Cornsar was attacked by Thargoids and an installation named Black Horse was found in the system.
Alexander's horse Bucephalus was pure black except for a patch of white fur on its forehead in the shape of a star. In Cornsar there are dead Thargoid ships littered throughout the system, more dead Thargoid ships than in any other system if I recall.
And let's not forget that Nemesis was Alex Ryder's ship's name, and worth mentioning the name of the hypothetical missing brown dwarf in Sol. Within the current storyline, and its presence during the Proteus wave event, Nemesis should be a clear indication that Alex or Alexander is present.

Lastly, Proteus was the Sea God King of the island of Pharos in Egypt. Pharos was the small neighboring island to Alexandria Egypt, which is where the Lighthouse of Alexandria stood for nearly 1500 years. Alexandria and Pharos were connected by a man-made landbridge, also known as a mole. Like the bubble is to Colonia.



So how does it connect from Tau Ceti to WorldCraft?
Through van Maanen, in a Major way. As in the one specially named planet in van Maanen, Major.
Plop "Major" into your navigation and you will see four systems come up. van Maanen, Arcturus, Epsilon Eridani (WorldCraft HQ), and Pi-Fang.
I know many of you have seen a connection to the Bootes Void and Arcturus, along with Bootes as a Shephard within mythology, so that might excite some of you.

What does this tell us?
As once mentioned to me by the legend, ScolioTheMost, and I found this advice to be key, is that passenger missions are the Only mission that asks you to perform all three trades, Exploration, Trade, and even Combat, along with teaching you a whole lot about the lore in the process. "I just needed to loan her my ship"
In terms of making contacts, such as rescuing princesses like Jorki has been justifiably theorizing about, performing jobs, especially passenger missions, "Should" be the ideal task to achieve this. Tourism and WorldCraft go hand in hand.
Remember, this is something hidden. It's not in plain sight.



And now Epsilon Eridani. I'm going to keep the connections here to the ones I feel I understand.



This next jump is going to be the difficult part. My intention is to show you how the legendary sci-fi author, Philip K connects here, along with the real-life android of him which was created by Hanson (Henson/Empire?) Robotics in 2005. Unfortunately, if you haven't read any PKD or watched any of the adaptations to his work, this will really not make any sense, at least not as much as it can.

Major Richard's Rock/Fort Harrison Discovery.
Richard's Rock (Richard/PKDick's Rock)
Fort Harrison (Harrison Ford/1982 film Blade Runner- based on PKD's book, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?)
Discovery.
Major PKD/Harrison Ford Discovery.

If you've not seen Blade Runner or read the book, it deals with a detective (Ford) who is tasked with killing off a few androids that are illegally roaming Earth.
Androids with apparent sentience, emotion, and feeling....and if you really dig at it, it deals with simulation theory and the killing of one another. The "Tears in Rain" monologue in the film is considered to be one of the most impacting scenes in sci-fi film history.

Worth mentioning is that King Philip II of Macedon was Alexander the Great's Father.

Trying to crunch this down here to tie it all up.
If you read it, you know WC's position as leader of terraforming was leveraged out by Sirius Corp with the use of Sirius power generators, which are oddly mentioned a few times in tourist beacons. Sirius now controls the industry. This is critically important. Remember, to terraform is to bring life. God-like.
We all know the moral dilemma behind that corporation.

Back to the harvests.
Robigo is controlled by Sirius Corp, and it's the closest populated system to Polaris. Robigus was a god among Romans that they annually performed rites to in order to protect crops from wheat rust, but Robigus was also considered a personification of Mars. So, Robigo and Mars are one and the same. The Rites performed during the Robiglia festival saw to it that a red-haired dog would be sacrificed and the blood would be spilled on the crops.

cDe (it's spelled like that) Corp.
Seedy Corp, this is not a PMF.



We need to look at the 1990 film Total Recall, an adaptation of PKD's, We Can Remember It For You Wholesale.
As I said, if you haven't seen the films or read the books, this won't make much sense. But nearly all of them deal with simulation theory.
But, the story, as most of ya know, is about a simulated experience offered by a company called Rekall, taken by a guy named Douglas Quaid (Arnold Schwarzenegger) who takes a simulated trip to Mars, and in the process, he fights bad guys, gets the girl, meets psychic mutants and turns on some ancient buried machine in the mines and terraforms Mars near instantly, all while being mistaken for a guy named Hauser.
Terraforming.....Mars.....

This is important because Quaid's Vision and Hauser's Reach are both stations in Robigo, and Robigo is Mars.

Sirius is Orion's large dog, and Procyon is his smaller dog.
Sirius is specifically a star on the nose of the Canis Major constellation. Dogs chase rabbits. Rabbits run down holes. Rabbit holes.



But this all leads to this....
Remember Tau Ceti's connection to Zoos, and Frontier's, Planet Zoo.
(30 secs - People Zoo)


This android was lost in shipment, like Alexander the Great, and has to this day not been found.
Hanson Robotics has since then replicated it, and has even had one of their androids speak at the UN.
Zeus, Zoo, Planet Zoo, People Zoo. The Empire and Hanson...Henson Robotics.

I hope that wasn't too much, and that you enjoyed it.
Attachments
359320_20230505123321_1.png
1.6 MB · Views: 69
Last edited: May 5, 2023
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, Dox Paradox, Macros Black and 6 others