Han_Zen
May 5, 2023
#30,290
Rochester said:
Now this is interesting! Yes I likewise recall such an article.

Humans are complacent and will either consciously or unconsciously utilise various phrases which have deep personal meaning or which relate to another subject close to them, within other contexts, it would be interesting to re-read those interviews around this reference as it may point to some unknown source material?

I’ve drawn some potential correlation to MB Elite Legacy, in regards the ‘child’s story’ again on its own it’s far too wide, but there are some weird locational correlations between that system and two others which has made me presume it might not be. My gut tells me the reference to Princess Astrophel and her book might not be literal, but another abstract metaphor for a location.

Click to expand...
There is something strange going on with the Cora / Persephone / Underworld theme in ED.
Cora from the codex is living with Art Tornqvist. Tornqvist is a shipboard mechanich.

Gan Romero is a starship technician. One would think that's about the same job as Torqvist.
Gan's wife is named Lara. Lara is a Roman deity, with a similar story to Persephone. She was kidnaped by Mars, d, has her tongue removed and is taken to the underworld, where she is a silent goddess of the dead.
Larunda - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org
Lara has twins with Mars. These Lares are guardians of crossroads between the realms (Heaven / world / Underworld).
Lares - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

If FD puts the mechanic / goddess of the dead relationship in two stories, it could be significant.

My personal hunch is that the traditionalist guardians are 'the dead' and that the underworld is in their region. Possibly in the locked Regor sector.
Vega where Gan Romero was working, is more or less in the opposite direction (seen from Sol).
The north pole of Neptune points to a spot midway between Gamma and Delta Cygni. Its south pole star is Gamma Velorum.
So, what's the deal with the ship mechanics?
Reactions:
SergMx, simulacrae, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person