KrabMister
K
May 5, 2023
#30,294
Hello again,
about the "greek mythology" thing:

I assumed it was the key to read between the lines and understand the "hints" given by the codex and ED lore because a lot of stars and constellation (and some characters in ED lore) are named after greek gods so it's natural try to search for answers using greek mythology.

Also hebraic, greek, roman, christian medieval myths and other european cultures which came after, have a LOT in common because the latter was based on the ones which came before so I think in the end, searching for something using for example "la Divina Commedia" by Dante Alighieri, which contains MANY characters and very heavy references to greek mythology, would bring almost the same answers.

Greek culture, myths and social structure are still an heavy influence in the western world as it has been in the past so it makes sense to me using it as a reference point.

I'm not saying I'm right and I'm not an hystorian but I studied a lot of greek and ancient roman history and mythology when I was in high school (as in Italy we are teached also this subjects in school) so I know something about all this nonsense!
Criticism is accepted nonetheless!

Anyway I'm actually doing some reasearch on the eleusian mysteries and I read something about the rites they did to let you join them and the interesting thing is that they were based upon what Persephone (or Demeter I actually don't remember I'm trying to find it again) did to enter the underworld. It was said something about her abandoning a piece of clothing during her descent starting from the Diadem until she was naked.

Diadem is actually a System in ED for example and I wonder if maybe there is a system named after every piece of clothing.... I hope you understand where I'm trying to go with this..... Maybe I'm crazy!! Who knows.

I will let you know when I have more time and when I will find again the source of what I am talking about!
I hope my english was good enough as it's not my first language

This is like our "Holy Grail" and we have a Quest to find it!
Do not touch my hope as it is the only thing that I have!

(Also I think THIS is coolest thing about elite dangerous, I mean the misteries and the myths... THIS is why I started play in the first place! It's just a game in the end and the whole point is having fun).

O7,

KM
Reactions:
simulacrae, Rochester, SergMx and 3 others