Louis Calvert
Aug 28, 2024
#34,657
"According to self-professed Dark Wheel expert Lyta Crane, a conspiracy theorist and 'people's journalist' who has painstakingly assembled an archive of relevant data, the original group was based in a disused starport orbiting the eighth moon of an unnamed gas giant. The station was toroid, hence 'wheel', and operated with a minimal power output so as to avoid detection, hence 'dark'."
- DW Codex entry

Narratively the DW station can't be that far from Sol. It's simply impossible for it to be given FTL capabilities of the time it was made - and implausible for it to be given the reality of the galaxy at the time in terms of travel, logistics, and necessity.

Why hide a station on the far-flung fringes of the frontier where there's almost no-one around? The odd passing ship could be more easily destroyed if necessary than it would be to maintain a 'dark' station and all that entails in some distant system well off the beaten path. Remember that this was at a time when hyperspace travel was hard and dangerous.

The only reason for a 'dark' station is if you're in or within range of a highly populated system where detection is likely, and you need a hidden base to operate from - or you're on a trade route or other well-travelled section of space.

"The first commercially available hyperspace system was known as the 'Faraway Jump'. The Faraway system was far from perfect, however, depending on a complex network of monitoring satellites, branch lines, stop points and rescue stations – which took hundreds of years to establish – to operate smoothly."
- Galnet Lore 'Hyperspace'

If we take as fact that Hyperspace until 2800 used some version of the 'faraway' system as described in the Galnet lore article on Hyperspace, then commercial interstellar travel was much closer to something like stargate travel with junction points and traffic control than our present-era 'hyperspace anywhere'. It seems like it was possible to Hyperspace to places without this network, but it was much more dangerous (see the Federation attack on the early Empire for reference to the Fed fleet's issues travelling that far at that time). Certainly possible, but remember this was the fully-funded and supported Federation Navy, not some rag-tag 'pirate' group.

"Those who believe in the existence of the Dark Wheel consider it to be a continuous and clandestine organisation, operating since the very earliest days of interstellar travel" "the original group was based in a disused starport orbiting the eighth moon of an unnamed gas giant." according to the Codex - so this means that the 'dark' station (according to Lyta) must have been established at some point in the 22nd Century (the earliest days of interstellar travel).

Therefore - DW station, if it's still where it was, must be somewhere near Sol. Of course, there's nothing to suggest that it wasn't moved at some point, and I personally would expect that it's been long-since encased within another station and therefore is 'hidden in plain sight' operating as a normal station out there somewhere.

I, and many others, have charted all known Gas Giants with 8+ moons near Sol and visited them. Some do have starports or other space-structures, but nothing of note springs to mind. Of course, the Dark Wheel at this stage should surely be able to hide anything they want from us - removing an entire starport from our ship HUD and sensors (since we're all bound by the PF charter using PF equipment) should be easy, surely? since the DW is part of the PF, if not founding members.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Rochester and Ian Doncaster