Jorki Rasalas
Jan 11, 2021
#20,309
Sparklepaws said:
Also consider the possibility that "To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void!" is referring to the same thing. I often wondered whether the toast is actually implying that there are only three 'steps', with each complete sentence describing multiple aspects of a single entity.

To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!
To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void!
The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!

Another point worth considering is the nature in which punctuation is used. For example, step 1 and 2 both end with an exclamation mark, while the 3rd uses a period followed by "To Raxxla!". This could be interpreted to mean that Raxxla itself is the parent's grief, lover's woe the yearning of our vagabond hearts (or at least that the final step involves finding something related to Raxxla).

This theory works best when you plug in Greek mythology, since there are several stories that align nicely with each one.
Click to expand...

Mmm, English is an ambiguous language; much meaning is dependent on the context. And this is poetry, which further stretches the conventions for interpretation. So
“To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies
To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void
The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts
To Raxxla!”
can have multiple interpretations.
1) only three lines have “To” so only 3 directions- to the jewel, to the whisperer AND siren, to Raxxla
2) the “to” can apply to every clause, so 7 directions
3) to the jewel, to the whisperer, to the siren, to Raxxla, so 4 directions
4) since the location/direction of Raxxla is unknown the rest of the toast should logically provide directions to it. That gives 6 clauses so 6 possible directions, or 3 if you ignore the third line of grief/woe/yearning. Either of these possibilities might tie in to the hexagonal symmetry of the Raxxla logo in the Codex.
Reactions:
Exekrator, [PS4] Filthymick420, Rochester and 1 other person