Ravenl0ft
Jan 11, 2021
#20,308
Hi Commenders!

Havent been around for a time, but im back, and i want to share some insights and findings with you. Be warned, following content contains a lot of astrology and asterisms.
I was passing over old theories and things we discussed, i just googled "Regulus star history". Most of you know but, i had a theory RAXXLA might be Right Ascension X X L, so i made a lot of search with celestial coordinates in right ascension 10 10 50. And the closest candidate was ofc Regulus, which has real life coordinates of RA 10h 8m 22s | Dec -11° 58′ 2, and in game coordinates of Right ascension: 10h 10m 58.887s / Declination: 11° 43'42.655'' according to edsm. And it is the brightest star of Leo constellation, which puts a lot of importance on it. While searching the history of alpha leonis, i found this website:https://www.constellationsofwords.com/stars/Regulus.html
And there is a passage:
The Lunar Mansions
In Arabia, Alpha (α Regulus) Leo with gamma (γ Algieba), zeta (ζ Adhafera), and eta (η Al Jabhah) of the Sickle (a star pattern resembling a reversed question mark representing Leo's mane), was the 8th manzil (Arabic Moon Mansion), Al Jabhah, the Forehead.

Influences of the 8th Arabic Moon Mansion Al Jabhah: Strengthens buildings, promotes love, benevolence, and help against enemies. [Robson*, p.71.]

With Moon transiting here: sow, plant, release prisoners but take no purgatives.[Robson*, p.71.]

Alpha (α Regulus) Leo was chief star in the 8th nakshatra (Hindu Moon Mansion) that bore its name, Magha, made up by all the components of the Sickle (Leo's mane and head); alpha (α Regulus described as on the base of the sickle), Gamma (γ Algieba), eta (η Al Jabhah), zeta (ζ Adhafera), mu (μ Ras Elased Borealis), epsilon (ε Ras Elased Australis), lambda (λ Alterf), and kappa (κ). The symbol of Magha "The Mighty" was a House. The regents were the Pitris (the spirits of the dead ancestors), or Fathers. Ruled by the Dragon's Tail.

Influences of the 8th Hindu Moon Mansion Magha: A severe asterism belonging to the Shudra caste (low caste Hindu) and favorable for acts of disgrace, destruction, deceit, imprisonment, beating, burning and poison when containing the Moon. Those born on the lunar day will be wealthy, fond of hills, merchants, valiant, and women haters. With Moon here at birth native will be wealthy, religious, contented, well served, and fond of life. Rules grain boxes and the lips and upper mouth. [Robson*, p.79.]

Ofc its not telling the 8th moon of a gas giant, but still it is peculiar. Also a bit of further search, and Regulus appears to be part of spring triangle and the Great diamond. Some sources show denebola as the corner of diamond, and some show regulus. Maybe there is a chance that this is the jewel we are looking for?
Spring Triangle - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org
Great Diamond - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

I am doing missions to be ally with a faction who has 2 installations in regulus, which happens to be "secret tradition". I am overwhelmed of thinking possibilities and things i should search, so i wanted to share. It may be nothing, or it might be something worth checking, u decide. O7
Reactions:
Noebbie, Exekrator, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 4 others