Elliot Coleman
Nov 3, 2020
#19,597
Some interesting tidbits that have probably been touched on previously...it's a long thread. Couldn't sleep, so tinfoil-hattery it is!

"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!" - Alpheratz? A search for "mother of galaxies" points to Andromeda. Alpheratz is not only the brightest star in that constellation, it also sits on her "brow". Nothing here but two stars and a bunch of degraded emissions. Perhaps these are points on a map? Say, go here, here, and here, and where the lines cross is where you'll find it? Just spitballing at this point.

"A door that is also a key" - Laconian Key?

https://www.constellationsofwords.com/Constellations/Cassiopeia.html said:
Euripides and Sophocles, of the fifth century before our era, wrote of her, while all the Greeks made much of the constellation, knowing it as Kassiepeia. and E tou thronou, She of the Throne". But at one time in Greece it was the Laconian Key, from its resemblance to that instrument, the invention of which was attributed in classical times to that people; although Pliny claimed this for Theodorus of Samos in Caria, 730 B.C., whence came another title for our stars, Carion. The learned Huetius (Huet, bishop of Avranches and tutor of the dauphin Louis XV) more definitely said that this stellar key represented that described by Homer as sickle-shaped in the wardrobe door of Penelope:

A brazen key she held, the handle turn'd,

With steel and polish'd elephant adorned;


and Aratos wrote of the constellation:


But even Ideler did not understand this simile, although the outline of the chief stars well shows the form of this early key.
Click to expand...

Now, the line about " The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts." That brings to mind the tale of Odysseus. His mother was so stricken with grief that she threw herself into the sea. His yearning to get return to Ithaca and Penelope are what kept him going all those years.

Now, the part I'm still working on is "To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void!" This one is confusing. If I use Homer as a reference, the two sirens mentioned in his writings are unnamed. If I use later references, the sirens mentioned point to asteroids. There was one interesting tidbit about a siren that was drowned in the sea - deepest void, perhaps? Nothing more substantial. Will continue tomorrow.
Reactions:
Fiera, Rochester, Vetinari and 3 others