Commander Wyatt
C
May 29, 2019
#8,282
Hi everyone I’m just 3 weeks in the game now and stumbled across raxxla,
I like mysteries and so I decided to make some research. I read a lot of stuff about it and dived deep into the elysian mysteries, A+S etc.. and the surrounding myths related to the raxxla codex entry

Maybe I went already too far into it?
I went from reading about raxxla and the Darkwheel codex entry’s straight to the web and consumed as much as I could.

As part of this split-personality problem the path divided into two approaches:
1. Person A has no clue and starts with in game knowledge only - I will take this approach another time as I am to deep in the biased person yet.
2. Person B has a biased theory on things researched in the web, interviews and eBooks on the authors, designer names involved or related to this, knows or have read of:
-Raxxla was sometime in Lave on the moon, they flew at some point from the North polar Orbit entry
-Raxxlans are super-hostile warrior’s, Reptilian origin attacking everything except Elite and are said to brought us the tech we fly, Namely ships involving snake names
-indicators where surrounding low-level material/resources systems as where raxxla currently is, it consumes a huge amount of resources for building stuff
- appearance began each time some new tech was invented
-the oort cloud has been mentioned by Jim as well.
-That it’s a portal that can move planets or things trough space and time- so it can move
- one time its mentioned to be a Coriolis station
-That it is a Journey everyone has to make for himself
Assumptions for the both personas:
(Counting the manual as ingame as it should be a part of it)
(Both know its pre horizons so it won’t be something Rover required)
(Both have read the manual and know that some fishy things already are happening, like who gave us the ship and calls himself a Friend? And they like to watch how we grow in the future, sounds like DW to me)

I will start with the Biased Persona B
Picking out the clues while Studying the raxxla Codex my search began with the Toast, which reading the first time was so cryptic I had to skip it first, so I picked out locations and names and went from there
*Tau Ceti where the rumor began I guess
*Cora gave me the Persephones/eulisian mysteries clue
Tornqvist was a dead end for me
The next part was the bummer part; hearing of all the undiscovered Legends like Atlantis, El Dorado and Prester John it just hints that I must be something that also everyone else tried and failed to discover. Which was turned to hope with the saying that it’s a definite place so it must exist then-Yay Remembering the phrase it could be anything from and unremarkable moon… brought me to the symbol on the codex for raxxla it looks like:
*Hecate’s wheel pointing to something moon or lunar related
Next part omphalos rift etc, ok I guess its just pure logic to assume that I must be somekind of alien technology that has such claimed powers and not some kind of jack and the beanstalk thingy. The part which is talking about the Princes Astrophel and the Spiraling stars I don’t buy it- describes it in almost ridiculing manner as childrensbook, when in its namesake Astrophil and Stella its about a man who desires a married women and the things that are unreachable to us
I don’t get the next lines
Some raxxla seekers insisted that the story’s author had cunningly concealed facts and places as hints for those with eyes to see- Wait what? was there an official raxxla book out there or to what story-book are they referring to?
*I could only guess that with eyes to see mean on the system HUD or a kind of scanner
What came into my mind as I read the Fernweh part:
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQC_mBc9JYs&t=0m35s

I don’t believe that the rest of the text has anymore hints except that there may be someone with evil intention to rule everything , but there is always a nemesis and a bad force.
so I will try to go back to the perplexing toast.
Reading out loud it didn’t occur to me as an instruction to follow a certain path, it felt like as I would actually make a toast, I tend to raise my arm and swing the cup towards the croud/guests that would be cheering to, I imagined different positions, me at the middle of a rectangular table with people sitting around me , me on the one side of a room cheering to the other side of the room where the people are, then I began thinking like it was a birthday party I am in the middle and I cheer to my friends in the room like in a circle, leaving a bad feeling on the other side that you must be DW-member to follow this path as you wont get invited to the party, anyway stay positive…
*that maybe leads to triangulation or pinpointing rather than a step by step guide to follow a path
Taking the Toast word clues apart:
*To the Brow that burns on the brow on the mother of the galaxies -Zeta Cassiopeia
*To the whisperer in witchspace, The Siren of the Deepest void i tend simply to the system Syren I don’t see any clues that the whisperer is female or male due to translation, or can a whisperer be female? So far im stuck with this line
*The Parents Grief, the lovers woe - I tend to the heart and soul nebulas
*And the yearning of our vagabonds Hearts – The vagabonds Heart desires nothing more than a road below his feet and a heaven above his head to just keep wandering, maybe implying a Planet or just the road itself
*To Raxxla -Yay

So Persona B approaches the case in this manner
He tries to be elite at least in one rank in case the Raxxlans really respect Elite CMDRs
He tries the whole pursuit in solo player no multicrew nor online, it’s a journey everyone has to make for himself
He must be clean regarding Bounty or Criminal stats, Reading into the Greek mysteries he somehow ties Cora to the elysian mysteries, knows about the initiation ritual and knows those who have committed murder won’t be initiated. initiation meaning literally: going into
He has a Ship with a snake name in it, preferably a cobra as maybe shipmass or class could be important, just thinking about how some probes in game did respond to certain ship classes only
He would try tho visualize the pois from the toast draw a map and search for the X in the middle
He would maybe start looking for those almost empty resources planet
If he managed the two step above, he would start looking into those system and fly to moons and planets keeping a sharp eye on the system display if any object appears, minding to do that all from space and not from a Rover.

Now I am struggling with the galaxy map and possible plotting tools, I’m trying to work out how to pintpoint etc and I would like to filter for low resources planets then in the middle.

That’s all for now
Lets go on as soon as I figured the problem with the cartographie.





Cheers
Commander Wyatt
PS:
Sorry for the typos i tried my best but im not a native english speaker.
Sorry for the huge textwall, i feared the story would come apart if i split it in multiple parts
Reactions:
PiggyPiggyPig, Macros Black, simulacrae and 2 others