Cmdd_Legendie
Jul 28, 2018
#3,124
This is probably nothing, which is why I'm not jumping up and down and plotting a route to anywhere any time soon. Though i feel, anything Raxxla, whether it be something we could possibly go on or nothing useful at all, still should be posted here. Though odds are this may have already been posted, considering the age of this forum.

This is a qoute from the link below:

''What is the meaning of RAXXLA numerology analysis. The connection between matter and spirit. These letters stand for material, money, power, ambition, strength, intelligence and courage. But it also represents pride, intolerance, domination and impulsiveness. Esoteric meaning leads us to the representation of material life and the spirit as two circles intertwined for infinite life''



(Sounds a lot like a symbol we're well aware of.)

What interests me is: Esoteric meaning leads us to the representation of material life and the spirit as two circles intertwined for infinite life'' Where Esoteric means; intended for or understood by only a small group, especially one with specialized knowledge or interests. We know it's rumoured that The Dark Wheel did find Raxxla, that could be false but who knows.

The source of quotes: http://www.whatmeanings.com/22/meaning-of/raxxla

Though keep in mind you can type in any word and get something on it. Such as the individual meaning of each letter but this website defines the word itself. I am unaware of where they sourced their own definitions from because anywhere else i can't find much on 'Raxxla'. Though what I found here is just to good and related to The Dark Wheel to ignore. Also it is easy enough for the person who named this place ''Raxxla'' to have used similar sources from books.

''Astrologically it is associated with the planet Saturn and the sign of Capricorn. It also represents the material life cycle where the greatest victories follow large failures and where progress comes decline. This path needs you to face a permanent evolution where it is necessary to master and overcome flaws and imbalances.''

It all comes down to how the idea was created really and perhaps it could give us some sort of lead…such as identifying Raxxla, maybe being a ringed planet. I'm not taking this information and running with it like it were a holy text, it's just interesting and maybe worth investigating in some way.




Reactions:
M. Grey and Han_Zen