Jorki Rasalas
Feb 27, 2023
#29,313
Rochester said:
*edited

Mmm but here in lies the problem, if there is something in game which no one has ever been able to find because it literally is so obvious… maybe FD need to direct players towards that content which is being ignored; not I propose through silly visual clues either simply or complex, which half of us don’t see! But some standard narrative markers.

E.g find a focal point (station mission boards) and use existing in game processes, not to wag a finger, but highlight there is more to them than previously thought.

In this stream they are specifically talking about USS’s… that there is content in there, and we need to read between the lines!

USSs are used for various mission markers, it would stand to reason this might be a way to direct players towards Raxxla, but I presume many of us generally ignore them.

I admit to ignoring them, I still scan them, to identify them but also look for anomalies; but generally I stopped engaging with them earlier on, because I’d learnt they only were semi-persistent, and generally are wall-flowers, and like most players - I’m destination focused, so I’ve never really stopped to smell these flowers, not at least since launch.

Do we need to find the right USS or a series of USS’s or…just , and then fill in the gaps?

Maybe Raxxla and or the Dark Wheel are breadcrumb trails hidden within these USS locations conversations?

Maybe it doesn’t actually matter where you start!

If it’s location based then it would make it harder to find, but by FD statements of it being obvious I suspect maybe an indication that the location is not a priority?

Maybe there is USS content which marries that of the Codex, or which we just need to listen to a make an informed judgment!

When I’m next in game I’ll definitely be dropping in on these more and begin to listen to their chatter (that’s if it’s Legacy based), but how do we know ‘where’ to start?



I wonder would you be able to shed any light upon USS content and where such a road might take us?

Click to expand...
Be carefull though. Whatever they were hinting at with blue triangles may well not be Raxxla! More likely a step in the current Thargoid War storyline (the only thing that seems to interest FD) that has been missed. IMHO it’s a hint about the Guardian Relics and/or their Thargoidised version (Unclassified Relics? I want to find a Confidential or Secret or Top Secret Relic!)

But yes, it seems like a good idea to more thoroughly investigate USS in systems. I’m afraid I’ve got past the burnout point and am currently not playing ....but of course that extra effort will slow activities down even more...
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Han_Zen and Rochester