Thatchinho
Feb 26, 2023
#29,308
Darrack said:
Im not sure they ever will, in the current state in my opinion they are just a mixture of symbols for the quests and random decoration.
But who knows

O7
There’s definitely more to it than that.

As an example, from the logs we know the origins of the guardian glyphs and that the history of the evolution of the the glyphs is reflected in them.

We can see at least 3 or 4 different complexity level versions of the glyphs.

The least complex version is the one on the Relic Tower bases.

Another level is on the Relics.

The most complex version is the one that was on the obelisks originally.

If what I mean there isn’t clear, it can be thought of in terms of those RL dot matrix text displays that you sometimes see in places. What we see above can be considered in terms of the complexity of the display grid itself.

What also needs to be borne in mind with the above is that the guardian written language is logographic, which is to say that rather than a word being built out letters, each word has its own symbol. What’s fairly obvious from that is that from the simple origins of just a few simple words used for hunting, as the number of words increases, the number of glyphs needed increases by the same amount, and so consequently does the necessary complexity of any display used to show them.

Coming back to the Relics and Relic Towers bases, the Relics have a more complicated grid than what is seen on the tower bases. However, if you look closely at the tower bases, you’ll see that the glyphs there have actually been carved in over the top of the original markings. They’ve also been done so in quite a crude way, which if anything looks like an act of vandalism.

That suggests that the glyphs vandalised into the relic tower bases were done by ultra-traditionalist guardians at some point, partly as an expression of their dislike of technical progression and their preference for a more traditional way of life.

For info, the panels on the relic tower bases do have various symbols on them, but not of the triangular glyph form. It is possible to work out what the vandalised panels looked like prior to having the triangular glyphs vandalised on to them. It’s not lead to anything more so far AFAIK, but it is possible.

The materials towers (for want of a better term) at the Guardian structures also have glyphs on them but of two distinct different forms - the triangular grid glyphs and a much more flowing form with different shapes and no immediately obvious grid.

There being two forms of the written language is also talked about in the logs from the 2nd Ram Tah mission, and it’s quite possibly that which can be seen in the two different forms of symbols which can be found on the material towers.
Reactions:
Midian Cabal, Jorki Rasalas and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian