ClaraRulesSpace
Jan 30, 2023
#29,094
Emperor said:
"So the reason no one is solving any of the puzzles is because guys like yourself come on talking like you actually know everything about the game and discouraging them from studying the clues because as you say they are useless."

I think this sums up your entire outpouring whether your ideas have merit or not?

Feel free to have differing views as others.... as many people on here have said many, many times... until you find it, your guess is as good as anyone else's....

I wish you luck on your exploration and I hope you do find what you're looking for and are proved right, it would certainly close off a journey we've all enjoyed and hated...
Click to expand...
I started reading the Lore again. A bunch of phrases jumped out that I hadn’t noticed before.
No one was interested in guardian art so they didn’t pay attention to these particular logs. But the logs state that guardian art was not an expression of emotion or self. They liked their art to depict practical tasks. In other words, all of their art looked like instructions of some kind. It goes on to say they were incredibly fond of geometric shapes and used them to relate to everything in their environment. There’s your geometric abstract element.
None of the markings are decorative. All of them have a purpose or an instructional reason.
Then there are the glyphs. I just submitted a bunch of glyphs along with some Thargoid symbols for analysis because they were found together in a video. There were eight of each. Someone in that lab told me that they were only four glyphs because the other ones were just a reversal or an inverted version of the first four.
Wrong. The Lore says the changing positions sometimes dictate motion, and change the meaning of the word. So does the mirroring of two symbols turned facing each other or turned opposite each other. All of these things change the meaning of the actual glyph. So this is an extremely limited written language that changes meaning every time you change the position of its characters.
Basically, the lore has been taken as a story element in the game when it was actually a textbook type school lesson on what you were supposed to be paying attention to. Gamers do not sit down and turn on the console to go to class. And no other video game is quite this complex and has this many hidden clues or inferences so I’m not surprised a lot of people missed it. What surprises me as the older more experienced people that had piloting experience did not recognize some of these clues and leads to begin with. A lot of guys flirt with me in the game and tell me they used to be a pilot or they own their own boat and they completely missed obvious navigational tools looking them right in the face.
I have been forced to take a more homework approach to this puzzle which stings a little bit because I got this game to fly and explore. Now I’m stuck in front of my TV going over pages and pages of guardian homework. But in my mind seven years is way too damn long. I want my boots on the home world and I don’t care how long it takes to figure it out.
girls need to shop
V
Last edited: Jan 30, 2023