Rochester
Jan 30, 2023
#29,091
Jorki Rasalas said:
BUT from a gameplay, lore and common sense viewpoint I agree that (while it could be anywhere) it is highly likely to be near to the centre of the bubble, so Sol for the later game and Eranin (I think) for the beta game. But, if so then its system has almost certainly “been honked but Raxxla was not discovered” very many times! So the question is WHY are we not discovering it? Almost certainly it is not a normal astronomical body. It might be a moon (e.g. Saturn’s Atlas or Janus from my earlier reasoning) that is not normally visible & you have to exit SC with 50Km to see it (perhaps the true meaning of the invisible “comets”?), or a piece of Guardian graffiti saying “Raxxla was ‘ere”, or something 10+k ls from the ecliptic, or ...... or ...... ???

Edit2:
I’ve just been looking again at “everything we know about Raxxla, everything else is supposition”, i.e. My earlier post, to which I’ve added Drew Wagar’s reports of what DB said during the beta period at the Bafta ceremony, plus the Codex entry and Logo. I am more convinced than ever that Raxxla is (or is in) a disguised station (either Coriolis or Asteroid) in the bubble, and we may need to drop out of SC within 50Km to see it. I’m wondering again if the logo is a map telling us where to look, trying to put a new interpretation on it. Do we know what type of station Jaques originally had? I remember reading he had to upgrade it & wondering if we are actually looking for the original?

Edit3: the Wiki says he originally bought Peters Base, a Coriolis orbiting Facece. Perhaps his 40-year wanderings (does that make him the “vagabond”??) from then to his eventual misjump in his new Orbis might be a factor in finding Raxxla? But dont think they are documented.
Click to expand...
Jaques…

Yes, this has been a mumbling theory in my mind too, just near the back…

Tornqvist, aka Thorn Branch to my knowledge (other than to that noted in the Codex) has no correlation towards a Cora, especially not the Greek ‘Kore’, she who was abducted to the underworld, there isn’t any symbolism nor direct link between her and ‘thorns’.

The codex tells Cora is a drunk, but Greek mythology ‘Kore’ didn’t get drunk… her mother did… so unless the reference in the codex isn’t a reference to Demeter, then Tornqvist is potentially irrelevant… however one or both ought to be of relevance, somehow, unless it’s a FD in-joke or red- herring!

I like your description of Jaques as a wanderer, he fits the profile, more than any Greek reference, which generally is too wide IMOP. There’s no direct reference to ‘thorns’ nor branches with Demeter that I can recall… nothing definitive.

However the name Tornquist does appear in Galnet previously, in relation to ‘Colm Tornquist’ of the Imperial Herald article about the Facece system.

I always thought there might be some link between Facece and the DW codex as it does possess a brown dwarf / gas giant with 8 moons!

Facece is also well positioned within the same area of Pandemonium, and is really close Achenar, plus Facece has a permit.

Then we have a potential link… the underworld!

Pandemonium can hypothetically be attributed as a celestial South Pole, many of the Yggdrasil systems seem to align with this John Milton sphere of influence, with a division of an upper ‘heaven’ and lower ‘hell’ areas…

Kore was dragged to Hell…Tornquist links to Facece; which itself is very close to Pandemonium…the capital of hell..

A coincidence?

I’m currently grinding the Facece permit in my vanilla second ‘legacy’ PS4 account, never actually been to Facece in my mothballed backers PC account (to my knowledge), but as I’m tooling around the underworld this looks tantalising…

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10050277


*Facece shown in green just above Achenar, at the bottom of the image in white, as well as all systems discovered up to 2296, red denotes pandemonium.
Last edited: Jan 31, 2023
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas