Emperor
Jan 30, 2023
#29,096
ClaraRulesSpace said:
I started reading the Lore again. A bunch of phrases jumped out that I hadn’t noticed before.
No one was interested in guardian art so they didn’t pay attention to these particular logs. But the logs state that guardian art was not an expression of emotion or self. They liked their art to depict practical tasks. In other words, all of their art looked like instructions of some kind. It goes on to say they were incredibly fond of geometric shapes and used them to relate to everything in their environment. There’s your geometric abstract element.
None of the markings are decorative. All of them have a purpose or an instructional reason.
Then there are the glyphs. I just submitted a bunch of glyphs along with some Thargoid symbols for analysis because they were found together in a video. There were eight of each. Someone in that lab told me that they were only forklifts because the other ones were just a reversal or an inverted version of the first four.
Wrong. The Lord says the changing positions sometimes dictate motion, and change the meaning of the word. So does the mirroring of two symbols turned facing each other or turned opposite each other. All of these things change the meaning of the actual glyph. So this is an extremely limited written language that changes meaning every time you change the position of its characters.
Basically, the law has been taken as a story element in the game when it was actually a textbook type school lesson on what you were supposed to be paying attention to. Gamers do not sit down and turn on the console to go to class. And no other video game is quite this complex and has this many hidden clues or inferences so I’m not surprised a lot of people missed it. What surprises me as the older more experienced people that had piloting experience did not recognize some of these clues and leads to begin with. A lot of guys flirt with me in the game and tell me they used to be a pilot or they own their own boat and they completely missed obvious navigational tools looking them right in the face.
I have been forced to take a more homework approach to this puzzle which stings a little bit because I got this game to fly and explore. Now I’m stuck in front of my TV going over pages and pages of guardian homework. But in my mind seven years is way too damn long. I want my boots on the home world and I don’t care how long it takes to figure it out.
Call Eddie girls need to shop
V
Click to expand...
interesting theory...

"The Lord says the changing positions sometimes dictate motion, and change the meaning of the word. So does the mirroring of two symbols turned facing each other or turned opposite each other. All of these things change the meaning of the actual glyph. So this is an extremely limited written language that changes meaning every time you change the position of its characters." - did you really mean "the Lord"?? and what do you base this on and do you have some evidence to demonstrate it?

in terms of the images you mentioned can you put them on here?

"None of the markings are decorative. All of them have a purpose or an instructional reason." - what do you base this on and do you have some evidence to demonstrate it?

It seems to me you have an idea and are at the beginning of trying to prove your hypothesis, but you also make factual statements without proper explanation and with any evidence to back it up in my humble opinion. It's always great to have new ideas and if you need some thoughts/suggestions/help you probably need provide a bit more information (well for me anyway!)