Jorki Rasalas
Jan 29, 2023
#29,086
Emperor said:
Hi Jorki,

Think I've also said I take much of what DB said before launch with a pinch of salt as it was a pitch/marketing process to gain more sales/players....

I was just looking at the info back when the game was being developed and how fluid the design/build phases were right up to launch rather than a meticulously planned game and full narrative/lore.... or that's how it felt to me from being involved in the testing and feedback.

In terms of the beta references and honking ("if the reference to honking and leaving being in Beta 2.1 was true"), I was referring to others I've seen over the years that referenced the beta....

e.g. From 2019...

"FDevs mention that the system was "honked", in beta 2.1, however not fully explored and since the data has been wiped, it's a dead end."
Click to expand...
Mate, I’ve looked at that rumour reference. Lower down the page it is clarified & it is obviously a typical Internet rumour mishmash; a conflation of Drew Wagar’s report of DB’s statement that at the time of the beta “Raxxla is in game” together with the much later report that MB had said that “the Raxxla system had been visited & honked but Raxxla was not discovered”.

Ascorbius was the source of that later report, his stream about it should still be available somewhere & IIRC I didn’t hear him report anything about when that honking incident occurred, and certainly nothing about it being during beta! It could therefore have been at any time from the beta to the version live during the Lavecon17.
(See m.twitch.tv/cmdrascorbius/clip/SnappyScaryMousePupper)

I PM’d him & asked Ascorbius for clarification of the date of that MB statement and and he told me:
“It was during a closed Q&A session - I'm trying to recall whether it was Lavecon or the later ECM in Reading. It was the last Q&A Michael Brookes was at.

I'm pretty sure it was Lavecon 2017 in the Q&A. There were a load of things announced there, Crime and Punishment and the early views of AX weapons as well as Search and Rescue.
I've also just checked Michael Brookes announced he was stepping away from Elite at Lavecon 2017 so it's pretty unlikely to be the ECM Reading.

The memory is hazy given that I've been to a few Lavecons and ECMs and recollections after the fact are unreliable but I'm pretty sure it was Lavecon 2017.

But I absolutely was there when he said it, it's sad there's no footage with it being a closed Q&A, but there were a lot of people in the room.

I didn't go to Lavecon 2016 or 2015 so it's definitely not that those.”

So, as I said before...Raxxla system may “have been visited and honked but Raxxla not discovered” (there is no corroboration of this report, but I think it is credible) but it could apply at any date and anywhere in the game universe from 2014 through 2017. That’s an awful lot of universe.
Last edited: Jan 30, 2023
Reactions:
Emperor, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester