ClaraRulesSpace
Jan 30, 2023
#29,095
Thatchinho said:
Which one?

I think it’s all one big puzzle.
here’s what I’ve got, the ruins were a navigational net work. And I was mistaken before, what I thought were signs of habitation were actually encoding of giant symbols that could be seen from orbit.
The alpha is the simplest one so it’s the one we are trying to crack. Once we understand the language of the markers and symbols we will move through the rest of the ruins. Possibly onto the structures but I’m not sure that’s where it will lead. Here’s why
The monolith net work was informational and defensive. The one thing that our precious engineer did not really establish is that the structures and the ruins are two completely different sets of tools. That’s what I am starting to discover. There is navigational information laid out in the structures but there are far more layers and they are more complex.
The ruins themselves were simply navigational tools. But there are layers upon layers of information there. The markers on the upper platforms are there to specify very specific objects. While at the same time marking the position and distance of other sites in the cluster you occupy, which are laid out in a way that lines them up with the distant Guardian regions in other places along the disk. The alpha actually looks like it was laid out in a way to point out where all of the guardian colonies were. Or other sets of ruins at least.
While I thought the ground markers were simple iconography that operated in the same way the icons on the dash of your car do I started to find discrepancies in the symmetry. Some of the markers have additions or subtractions of certain ground plates along with obelisk, only certain obelisk are smashed or broken telling me it was deliberate and not something that happened over time. Only certain artifacts are placed a certain way. They change position as you move from ruin to ruin. So what I have found is at least three layers in what seems to be a combination location puzzle.
I would love to say I think it’s gonna lead me to the Guardian home but I’m just getting started and barely scratching the surface, I believe that these ruins will lead me to the next set of ruins which would be beta. I think the Alpha info is rudimentary and designed to give you a basic understanding of how to read the civilization. And the beta ruins should lead me to gamma. But I honestly believe that’s where it ends for navigation. These things tell you where everything is and why they are important. I believe the encoding in the maps of the structures is how you get access to the codes to get into the locked areas. Baby steps
V
Last edited: Jan 30, 2023