ClaraRulesSpace
Jan 30, 2023
#29,092
Q GT70 said:
fwiw, I agree on the lore

my outburst was simply brought on by seeing the same repeated info too many times
I never want to discount anyones effort

It just made me finally snap a bit to see the temp and the technitium conversation repeating itself again. These I see as relevant but not important and my explanation said why I feel that way.
Perhaps 10 million years ago it was actually important, today millions of years of evolution on both sides seems to me has made that information pointless because Thargoids are so much more(probably) advanced that these 2 points mean very little.
But tbh, we have no idea if they ever changed at all.
I also threw in the time travel bit, because I also think the timeline on the 'rumor' of Raxxla is meaningless. some mechanic on a ship long ago is enough to make the claim.
After that, it is a repeat and means nothing if not one other person has his very OWN clue. except that the clue/rumor is there.
plus The Doctor is a British creation , loved by all and often has cameo's in many other things.

finding any more clues or any more links to any path is going to be by finding more stuff.
I am quite curious about all the crashed ships and similar the Other Raxxla thread is uncovering.

Finding the brine pool mankind came from is also a path, not one that interests me though and it leads to everything.

So for me, this was more about Focus.
that we have computers and can take very organised notes, is not always reflected in some comments.
some of my posts have taken many days to compose,

and then there is the other ed games, my eyes slam shut every time I see stuff quoted from them.
They are not this game, not this version, not a lot alike tbh. and this has been made clear by many. to me it is a given, as I only played the original and nothing is what it was.

As for the multi-mystery, I do believe they are intertwined.
like any movie, a researcher/explorer, some bad guys to prevent you succeeding...but who is/are the bad guy/s
Greed explains mankinds actions
What explains Thargoid or Guardian actions.
from a movie perspective, we are the bad guys. to me this has always been clear. Our governments refuse to stop mining MA's. even used in the recent CG, just begging to be destroyed

I want to find Raxxla and I want our Governments to wake up or be destroyed.
If the Thargoids and the Guardians and the Humans are all after the same goal, something is very wrong and humanity is always at the center of wrong.
we want peace - edit: THIS, is a lie, we all want to rule the galaxy. but peace is a good cover

if the oldest living creatures in the galaxy know anything about that, it would not surprise me in the least.
If they are trying to prevent us from getting to it, would not surprise me.
If they are trying to prevent the Guardians from returning, would not surprise me.
the rumors are many, a few started by me. my favourites started in this thread.

the most important lore is the lore we have not discovered. this gets written as it is discovered.
un-like the restaurant at the end of the universe, Raxxla might be the 'Key' to everything but might be in a similar situation/state


cmdr Milesred/ Q GT70/ Paladin
Click to expand...
Darrack said:
Very nice work.

I had a similar idea with the ruins being directional instruments but looking at it from another way (which is probably not going to lead anywhere).
As a Druid with a previous job which allowed me to travel Europe i continued some work a friend started on the alignment of key stone structures (Carnac, Stonehenge, Brownshill etc) and many lined up to a central point when viewed on a map that allowed for the curvature of the Earth.
Maybe this was a directional indicator maybe just coincidence, who knows.
My research (on the guardians) is nowhere near your expertise ,good luck in your endeavors, discovery is a wonderful thing.

O7
Click to expand...
Nothing is a coincidence. The linchpin or the markings and the layouts on the platforms. Because groups like canon push this as merely decoration on most of the clues and identifying marks of what you were actually looking for we’re ignored. I am breaking down the formula of these platforms right now. For several weeks I thought they all just symbolize something and we’re perfectly symmetrical, but upon taking a closer look I am finding discrepancies in the cemetery. These things are laid out very particularly and the obelisk that accompany them are pointing to different things.
The Alpha complex is where you learn the language of guardian navigation. My guess is you have to apply this same language to the more complex structures as you move through the puzzle