Staarlord
S
Jun 24, 2018
#2,699
I really feel like we're close. Well by "we" I mean those in the bubble. Here is what I have gathered so far.

1.) Raxxla isn't going to be that far away. FDev wouldn't put it in the mix of some trillions of procedurally generated stars when the game has been out for 4 years, since preview, and only less than a half of percent of it has been explored. It's near, or in the bubble, and by the sounds of it is likely that way for cannon reasoning, too. By that I am referring to the fact that I am told Raxxla used to orbit around Lave 2, in the bubble, has long since left(centuries ago) and while it itself may be a gateway, is not capable of faster than light travel on its own. These are things I've read in my research. Which means centuries of constant travel (which I doubt it has done) would put it under 1000ly away from Lave. People's assumption about it being in Polaris seem to fit the fact, however, the fact that Polaris is permit locked, and what FDev says, seem to contradict.

2.) That brings me to this next point. FDev also said that it has been "accessible, in the game, since 2015..." AND "is within range of a stock Cobra MKIII." Now by "accessible" that means it can't be a permit locked system...unless it is unlockable right now. Pertaining the Cobra remark, I'm not sure if that means the sub 11LY jumps it is capable of, or the total range of roughly 468ly. The latter makes sense, and, once again, puts Polaris as a good candidate (if using Sol/ LHS as a reference). We know that it means Raxxla isn't going to be some lone system in the outer rims of the galaxy that requires a boosted 200+LY jump to reach, as boosting didn't come till later.

3.) FDev has also said it is in the Milkyway and that they know where it is. That tells us that some people's theories of it being in another galaxy is false. I've read some theories stating it's in another universe/ galaxy and that the means to access it is what we seek. I think FDev is correct in saying it's in the actual Milky Way.


Consensus

I say we all stop exploring these far outer reaches for a few days and all comb over the surrounding bubble region, for what should be a rouge colored planet. I deliberately died out towards the Formadine rift to do some "nearer to home" exploring.
Last edited: Jun 24, 2018