clavain
Apr 5, 2021
#22,689
CMDRCorrFelian said:
Strickly speaking I don't think this is match. All of the ones in that that are hits have the system named after the exact spelling of the last name of the individual (in this case his name is Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar so you'd expect to find a Chandrasekhar system but there isn't one. That being said, there are systems near Sol based off of scientific probe missions (so far found Juno, Aura, Veneres, and Tenma). This appears to be named after the Chandra X-ray Observatory that shared a shortened version of Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar's last name.

For the other individual: is this referring to Dr. Kanak Saha (primary research focus was galaxies) or Meghnad Saha (who described the conditions inside stars (he was actually a physiciist))?
Actually, Chandra is Radha Gobinda Chandra, born 1878, completely different astronomer than Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar born 1910. Saha is the Indian astronomer Megh Nad Saha born 1893. See the list of astronomers on my original post that I am checking all the names on against the Galaxy Map. Here it is here if you missed it first time round: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_astronomers

I'm not even halfway through that list yet (only up to those born in 1900 so far), so it is possible others will show up. As I mentioned, it is also sort of arbitrary to be excluding Luyten's Star, Van Maanen's Star and the others I mentioned in my post that don't follow the "surname-only" naming scheme, and which all fall outside of the Orion observational bias area.

simulacrae said:
I played with the idea of an astronomer - I just feel it has to fit the full context. "the children's story Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars" Still have yet to see any astronomer connections that fit that description. You might make a case for Vera Rubin because of her work on Galaxies but you would be ignoring the childrens story and princess aspect. Incidentally there is a Vera Rubin station in Garuda (eagle fun) which also had a gas giant with an 8th moon.... spent some time staring at space trying to find a hidden station there...
There are literally dozens of stations named after the folks on that main list (as well as some catalog designations that will also zoom you around the map quite a bit when you go to check their names on the Galaxy map). Almost every single one, with a very few exceptions, has something on the Galaxy Map, and very often more than one.

CMDRCorrFelian said:
My basis for including an astronomer is based on what their primary focus was during their careers. Therefore, "star lover" is anyone who advanced research into stars or their various classes in any meaningful way, built catalogues of certain star types, etc. There is, in fact, a method to this process. I am not just saying this person is well known so run with it.
Not many of the people on the list I am using are by any means "well-known". In fact, I had never heard of Bessel, who you consider one of your primary "well-known" targets, until I came across his name on that list (he was first to reliably use parallax calculations). There are many others on that list far more well known than him, and many others as well who did far more to popularize astronomy in different time periods, either as a science or in popular culture or both. So using "well-known" as a selection method in itself is somewhat arbitrary and open to different definitions.
Reactions:
Vetinari, Han_Zen and simulacrae