clavain
Apr 5, 2021
#22,698
SergMx said:
The Odyssey, by the way, is not a journey but a return home after the end of the Trojan War.
Yup. And parts of the toast are likely allusions to it. Sirens obviously, but Parents grief could refer to Anticliae, Odysseus' mother, dying of a broken heart because she thinks he is dead, yearning of our vagabond's heart to Odysseus' desire to get home, and lovers woe to his wife Penelope being upset because of fear that he is dead.

Of course whether any of these are specific direct allusions to things actually in-game, or just cool, very general, indirect allusions to the quest for Raxxla being as difficult as the Odyssey, who knows.

Hmm, this just jumped into my head when looking at the Codex again for the toast. The name of the children's book is Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars. So are we looking for only a female star-lover for any related system for Astrophel? Shortens the list above quite a bit.

clavain said:
Hmm, this just jumped into my head when looking at the Codex again for the toast. The name of the children's book is Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars. So are we looking for only a female star-lover for any related system for Astrophel? Shortens the list above quite a bit.
And the first female astronomer was...

SPOILER: GUESS WHO?





Or, are we looking for a female astronomer with an interest in Black Holes or Binary systems? (Spiralling Stars).

Edit: and I just clued into the Vera Rubin/rotating galaxies connection that Simulacrae mentioned earlier. Slow today. Well, slow every day really.

OK, one last piece of tinfoil before supper (off a chocolate egg brought to me by al-Mi'raj after he skewered the deadly serpent guarding it of course) . Have started looking at major accomplishments of female astronomers, and a fair number involve comets.

Comets have orbits around the sun (or another star). Therefore they spiral. And could be thought to be a star of some sort by older cultures.

We know comets are in-game, but not implemented.

We know Raxxla might change position. Many comets have extremely long orbital periods, and erratic orbits where they might appear to spiral in or out around a star.

Could Raxxla be a comet?
Reactions:
TrillClinton, Vetinari, simulacrae and 1 other person