CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 5, 2021
#22,684
Why I am wholly ignoring the content of the story...

In some versions of the Raxxla story, which were later shown to have a striking resemblance to the children's story "Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars" and consequently became discredited Raxxla is said to hold an alien artefact called the Omphalos Rift, which acts as a gateway to parallel universes. Even after it was discredited, staunch supporters of the Omphalos Rift theory insist that the author of the children's story had knowledge of Raxxla's exact location and deliberately wove clues into his book. Other Raxxla seekers claim that Raxxla is something else entirely, with theories running the gamut from an unremarkable moon to a state of cosmic enlightenment.

This was to tell you the story that the name of the story is the important part especially the story that was linked to it, "Astrophil and Stella". In other words, ignore the content of the work as the title is the clue here. Now, yes, there are other meanings of "star lover" but in a game that took incredible pains to replicate the stellar neighborhood of Sol and to a larger extent the structure of an entire real galaxy and that routinely adds astronomical discoveries to the game you'd be wise to go with astronomer as the baseline understanding since astronomy is central to the design of the entire game.

simulacrae said:
I played with the idea of an astronomer - I just feel it has to fit the full context. "the children's story Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars" Still have yet to see any astronomer connections that fit that description. You might make a case for Vera Rubin because of her work on Galaxies but you would be ignoring the childrens story and princess aspect. Incidentally there is a Vera Rubin station in Garuda (eagle fun) which also had a gas giant with an 8th moon.... spent some time staring at space trying to find a hidden station there...
Last edited: Apr 5, 2021
Reactions:
TrillClinton, Crimson Echo, simulacrae and 1 other person