Jorki Rasalas
Nov 6, 2019
#13,139
Jorki Rasalas said:
Not sure that Drew Wagar’s Dark Wheel (Rebecca, Elyssia, Luko, etc with HQ in Rebecca’s ship in Tionisla graveyard) are anything to do with FD’s TRDW, their stealth station and Raxxla; since we do know that he was not party to anything to do with Raxxla. And EPF seem similarly unrelated to TRDW (unless they are the same thing and it’s more obfuscation!!), as Han_Zen said it may have been dropped after DB’s talk although a quite similar mechanism may also be used for TRDW recruitment. We do know (I think) that TRDW is a multi-tentacled organisation. None of the various Elite-ranked members of this thread have reported any such recruitment overtures!
I think DB’s words about Royal Navy and ensigns were confusing; think he was saying the RN have the White Ensign but other organisations have “defaced” versions (e.g. British Antarctic Territory), but don’t see the relevance, must watch it again. We really don’t know anything about how to join TRDW, whether Elite is necessary or not. Would make sense lorewise, but I think it’s not combat necessarily, more likely Exploration since they’re a set of “adventurers, explorers, investigators and treasure-hunters”

Ok, listened to DBOBE’s talk at Malmo again. Still not quite sure what he was getting at with the defaced ensign bit, sounds like he went off on a bit of a tangent. If I recall correctly back in the Olden Days of Sail the Royal Navy had three fleets Red, White & Blue, each with their own admiral and appropriately coloured ensign. Nowadays a Blue Ensign defaced with a crown is authorised for use by several British yacht clubs, but a White ensign is reserved for RN ships and RN/Royal Marine shore establishments.

The interesting thing is that the EFP are supposedly a group within the PF (to which we all automatically belong as ED pilots) & they can invite people to join them after a test of some kind. Those candidates will be primarily Elite, but also Dangerous and Deadly ranks may be tested and invited (hence this is talking only about Combat play). He implied the EFP can then make that lower rank up to Elite to reduce the time it takes to get Combat Elite. Has anyone come across this gameplay? I suspect Han_Zen is correct and this mechanism was scrapped in favour of the Founder’s World permit to Shin Dez. The one thing that makes me pause here is the realisation that within Shin Dez Lori Jameson will befriend Dangerous, Deadly and Elite combateers, so perhaps there is a test for EFP via her? Either way I don‘t think it’s anything related to TRDW or Raxxla.
Reactions:
Han_Zen and Six6VI