Babellon
Nov 6, 2019
#13,128
FullM3talX said:
has any thorough investigation been done on the "distorted planet noise sounds" that you get from hovering bodies in FSS?
i would imagine, if raxxla to be tied to such easily overlooked (yet FDEV took the time and effort to put it in) mechanic, that it would be behind some sort of out of the ordinary, and quite unique sounding planet, that could reveal something once the sound has been processed in some way. this has been done before, in many puzzle solving activities, where an image is converted to a noise audio file, through use of conversion softwares, wich can be re-converted back into original image form. i came across a few very interresting, unique and strange sounding bodies over the few hundred hours i spent in the game.

i also noticed that these keywords appear a lot around raxxla : whispering, singing, etc... if any whispering would appear in ED, i would imagine it would be from either witch space, or planet surface noise sounds.
it could also be something Dark wheel related. some sort of encrypted noise message from them, coming from a surface of a planet, and only picked up by the FSS noise surface sounds.
*queue the tinfoil hat spooky music
Click to expand...
was reading through this thread tonight and found this comment interesting. I've been listening to ice planets with geological/biological formations, a specific line "come speak to me" comes out clearly but the rest is garbled around noise. I haven't yet figured out what that is related to but your comment seemed related to my curiosity about what that transmission might be. I noticed that I hear "come speak to me" on any ice planet with geysers even those with atmospheres. I noticed it first when I was out near the rim and it got me so curios I started fixating on it. Tried to leave it alone for a while thinking I was just hearing things but having started exploring again I've noticed it once more. I am going to find some other types of planets ,rocky metal etc and see if they also say something or add to the line I'm hearing. It had not occurred to me that it might relate to raxxla but I will post more details if I find any thing new.
How do I speak to a planet?
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99 and [PS4] Filthymick420