yelboc
Jul 30, 2022
#26,543
Jorki Rasalas said:
Mmm, I haven't caught up with that server since yesterday morning, but I think you’re misunderstanding some things there. IIRC Guru apparently had some form of mental health crisis a year or so ago and made several odd claims....he did later own up to that and I think that is the topic of the previous post (though I haven’t read it) he refers to in your pic. Thankfully he seems to be fully recovered now.

Guru doesn't own the Dark Wheel Squadron. ScolioTheMost set it up and Inara shows him as the commander; See https://inara.cz/squadron/7105/. IRH is also Scolio’s discord.

I can’t see that Guru is the subject of the claims I reported. I only reported those posts because @Rochester has had some discussion with FD support and their response seemed to imply that the codex TDW is fluff, or at least not currently in-game (perhaps their storyline hasn’t yet been started, either by FD or players), so I thought he might be interested in those claims. This might, of course, indicate that FD have internal secrets and the people responding to Rochester weren’t in on it, or were obfuscating....

As far as I can see the matter is likely to be a dead end.

Though as I said previously, the codex states that TDW has existed since the earliest days of space travel, implying the old worlds is where to look for them. The hidden TDW station (if it is not just fluff) should therefore also be in that area since such old stations would not have had the technology to travel very far, but would have been useful in early colonisation attempts. might have something to say about Tip Off missions in those areas. They might have been introduced during the FD revamp of the mission system (IIRC around version 2.2?), & might conceivably have included a portion of missions relating to TDW to replace the original Elite Shinrarta missions that were deleted around then. I think Djadjok said not all TO missions had been uncovered, but I’m a bit hazy; certainly DB said a while ago he knew not all missions had been found. If you want a break from hunting Raxxla you might want to check it out; I’m not convinced TDW know anything about Raxxla so if they exist in-game it might be more fluff. one of the books, and I think the codex, say TDW never found Raxxla.
Click to expand...
I think you are missing out on some of the pre-history of the DW squadron. It wasnt originally created by Scolio.
Reactions:
GURU-951