Jorki Rasalas
May 10, 2021
#23,195
Been googling wikipedia and other sources about Adamastor and Hesperus to see what might be common to them both (not yet read Han_Zen’s post above).

Hesperus
The wreck of the Hesperus was a poem by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow about a schooner wrecked on “the reef of Norman's Woe” due to the captains arrogance about the forces of nature.

The actual Hesperus was a schooner which was seriously damaged while docked in Boston during a storm.

a 1927 Cecil B DeMille American silent film based on the poem.

A 1948 film directed by John Hoffman

A painting by Sir John Gilbert RA

Wreck of the Hesperus is the name of an Irish doom/drone metal band.

The Pleasure Island amusement park in Wakefield, Massachusetts (1958–1970), 18 miles south-west of the site where the fictional Hesperus sank, featured a ride named "The Wreck of the Hesperus".

In Greek Hesperos, also called Vesper ("evening", "supper", "evening star", "west"), in Greco-Roman mythology, the evening star; although initially considered to be the son of Eos (the Dawn) and the Titan Astraeus, he was later said to be the son or brother of Atlas. ‘Hesperus' refers to the same object (planet Venus) as 'Phosphorus'. Phosphorus was the personification of the Morning Star in Greek mythology. Lucifer was the Latin name for the Morning Star.

Of American-English origin, the phrase “like the wreck of the Hesperus” means in a sad state, or, merely, dishevelled.

Adamastor
The name Adamastor is an adaptation for the Portuguese language from the Greek word for "Untamed" or "Untameable" (Adamastos)

Adamastor is a mythological character created by the poet Luis de Camões in hispoem Os Lusíadas (first printed in 1572), as a personification of the Cape of Good Hope (aka Cabo das Tormentas, Cape of Storms), symbolizing the dangers of the sea and the formidable forces of nature. Adamastor manifests itself out of a storm.
Camões gave his creation a backstory as one of the Giants of Greek mythology, banished to the Cape of Good Hope by sea goddess Doris for falling in love with her daughter Tethis, now appearing out of a storm cloud and threatening to ruin anyone hardy enough to attempt passing the Cape and penetrate the Indian Ocean, which was Adamastor's domain. Adamastor became the spirit of the Cape of Good Hope, a hideous phantom of unearthly pallor.
Adamastor featured in various other poems, novels, and the opera L’Africaine, and perhaps more familiarly in The Phantom of The Opera (by Gaston Leroux) and in Billy Budd, Sailor (by Herman Melville, who also wrote Moby ; see https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billy_Budd)

A popular gathering place in Lisbon is known by the name 'Adamastor' because of the large stone statue of the mythical figure which presides over the space, which is officially called the Miradouro de Santa Catarina.

We should not forget that Michael Brookes had a very striking & complex tattoo which featured the evil looking figure above the Triton Gate at the Pena National Palace in Sintra, Portugal, which may (unconfirmed as far as I know) be Adamastor.
Adamastor is also the name of a sauropod dinosaur found in Angola (surelynot marketing for Jurassic World Evolution!)

Common factors? between these two names as I see are:

Based on poems edit: might be worth research, e.g. other poems by these poets?

Represent the untameable force of nature, especially of the sea

Arrogance of sailors

Both mythological figures (Adamastor & Lucifer?) feature in MB’s tattoo?

Rochestor has already addressed greek myth links so I didn't chase that viewpoint
Last edited: May 10, 2021
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, [PS4] Filthymick420, simulacrae and 3 others