Jorki Rasalas
May 10, 2021
#23,193
Rochester said:
Adamastor - https://www.portugalconnexions.com/blog/o-gigante-adamastor

OK trying to re-think things from a different perspective, keeping things simpler and linking them back to existing information.

So the reference of the Adamastor got me thinking, what is the relationship between the Adamastor and the Hesperus?

Back to Greek mythology (sorry) so the story goes that Cronus or Kronos a Titan, was sired by Uranus (Father Sky) and Gaia (Mother Earth).

Parents grief = loss of children. Rhea & Cronos.

Rhea was the wife/sister of Cronus, who created the Omphalos stone, to trick Cronus who was eating their children. This Omphalos stone was later deposited at Delphi, at the location of the corpse of Pytho, described as a rift.

The Omphalos rift

MB references Cronos in his Drabble blogs...

The Adamastor is a fictional (not mythical) Gigantes (giant), who is another offspring of Gaia and Uranus; born after Cronus castrates Uranus (their farther) and throws his gubbins in the sea.

Adamastor is also a potential link to the MB tattoo...

Adamastor was in love with the sea nymph Thetis, but was spurned because Adamastor didn’t scrub up too well.

Lovers woe = being spurned. Adamastor and Thetis.Delphi, Adamastor and Thetis; all are known locations in game.

Thetis was a also known a daughter of Hesperus.

So now we have the ship the Hesperus, also linked regards to parents grief, as the ship’s captain lost his daughter in the wreck...but it also relates to the evening star, and the daughters or nymphs of Hesperus / The Garden of the Hesperides.

Hesperides can also be linked to a grove, commonly misinterpreted as Arcadia via Philip Sidney?

“confusion of the Garden of the Hesperides with an equally idyllic Arcadia is a modern one, conflating Sir Philip Sidney's "Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia"

So is this the link between the Adamastor and the Hesperus?

The generation ship Thetis?

The generation ship Thetis itself had a run in with that weird ‘kill everyone’ signal...hundreds of years ago.

Not sure if anyone has come to the same simple conclusion, maybe my Greek is not up to scratch, but it seems odd.
Click to expand...
Interesting. Since the Arthur Tomlie comment in the Grinning_Crow interview (at 1:56:38, “WRT the Hesperus & Adamastor story, the names were chosen for a specific reason but not necessarily related to shipwrecks”) I’ve been pondering the naming but have not come up with anything. But then Im not into mythology.

Though I’m suspicious of a link through the “Alleged DW toast”, since that is clearly relevant to the DW and (possibly) Raxxla, so I feel linking it to these ship names is a step in the wrong direction. And also sceptical of the Thetis megaship link, unless you’re implying that the mysterious message came from a scavenger ship that wanted all Thetis inhabitants dead so they could salvage it-I think that would make sense with the new scavenger storyline (I dont think the scavengers are going to be friendly!), but dont accept the reasoning to get to that conclusion. Also Thetis wasn’t scavenged!
Last edited: May 10, 2021
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, simulacrae, Vetinari and 1 other person