Han_Zen
May 10, 2021
#23,194
Rochester said:
Adamastor - https://www.portugalconnexions.com/blog/o-gigante-adamastor

OK trying to re-think things from a different perspective, keeping things simpler and linking them back to existing information.

So the reference of the Adamastor got me thinking, what is the relationship between the Adamastor and the Hesperus?

Back to Greek mythology (sorry) so the story goes that Cronus or Kronos a Titan, was sired by Uranus (Father Sky) and Gaia (Mother Earth).

Parents grief = loss of children. Rhea & Cronos.

Rhea was the wife/sister of Cronus, who created the Omphalos stone, to trick Cronus who was eating their children. This Omphalos stone was later deposited at Delphi, at the location of the corpse of Pytho, described as a rift.

The Omphalos rift

MB references Cronos in his Drabble blogs...

The Adamastor is a fictional (not mythical) Gigantes (giant), who is another offspring of Gaia and Uranus; born after Cronus castrates Uranus (their farther) and throws his gubbins in the sea.

Adamastor is also a potential link to the MB tattoo...

Adamastor was in love with the sea nymph Thetis, but was spurned because Adamastor didn’t scrub up too well.

Lovers woe = being spurned. Adamastor and Thetis.Delphi, Adamastor and Thetis; all are known locations in game.

Thetis was a also known a daughter of Hesperus.

So now we have the ship the Hesperus, also linked regards to parents grief, as the ship’s captain lost his daughter in the wreck...but it also relates to the evening star, and the daughters or nymphs of Hesperus / The Garden of the Hesperides.

Hesperides can also be linked to a grove, commonly misinterpreted as Arcadia via Philip Sidney?

“confusion of the Garden of the Hesperides with an equally idyllic Arcadia is a modern one, conflating Sir Philip Sidney's "Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia"

So is this the link between the Adamastor and the Hesperus?

The generation ship Thetis?

The generation ship Thetis itself had a run in with that weird ‘kill everyone’ signal...hundreds of years ago.

Not sure if anyone has come to the same simple conclusion, maybe my Greek is not up to scratch, but it seems odd.
Click to expand...
There is probably a little bit of Raxxla hidden somewhere in all the mythology references.

I do however think that there is a general connection between ancient history in the ED galaxy and the basic Greek creation myth.
https://www.greekmythology.com/Myths/The_Myths/The_Creation/the_creation.html (read this if you want the rest of the post to make any sense )

I suspect that the creation myth is the story told by the exiled Guardians (those with AI implants) or just the AI, to early humans. These humans have interpreted and retold the story with their limited understanding, leaving us with the myths we have today.

I interpret the roles as follows:

Gaia is the symbol of terrestrial planets, giving life to all creatures.
Uranus is space, surrounding Gaia on all sides.

- Gaia and Uranus had children: Cyclopes (Thargoids), Hecatoncheires (other Thargoids?) and Titans (Guardians). Mean Uranus had them all confined to Gaia. They could not do space travel.

- Gaia helps the Titans concur space. They defeat Uranus and som other creatures emerge (Brain trees and other vacuum creatures?).

- Titan leader Cronus (Guardian), imprisons Cyclopes and Hecatoncheires (Thargoids) in Tartarus (somewhere in space).

- Cronus and Rhea gives birth to the next generation, the gods / Olympians (AI implanted Guardians). These are eaten by Cronus. This could be a symbol of how the AI were forced to exist as implants to Guardians or locked in the monolith network or the exile of the implanted Guardians.

- Rhea manages to hide Zeus by giving Cronus the Omphalos stone(Raxxla link?), in his place.

- Zeus poisons Cronus and makes him vomit up the rest of the Olympians. This is probably the exodus of the implanted Guardian / AI hybrids.

- There is a civil war. The Titans (Guardians) are winning. Zeus goes to Tartarus (using Raxxla?) and releases the Cyclopes and Hecatoncheires (Thargoids). Zeus receives the thunder bolt(powerful weapon), Poseidon the trident(terraforming tech) and Hades the helmet of invincibility (cloaking) as thank you from the Cyclopes (goids).

- The Titans are trapped and bombed by the boulders of the hundred handed Hecatoncheires. Zeus wins and sends the Titans to Tartarus.

- Gaia is miffed and sends her las child, the Typhoon (Kalxian?) to attack him. Zeus wins and buries Typoon. Typhoon will at some point return.

FD uses the symbolism from the old myths, to give obscure hints about the past of the Galaxy. Raxxla probably is part of this, but everything isn't about Raxxla.

What an interpretation like this can give us, is a sense of geography. The Guardians are in game refered to as 'The Dead'. Their home sector(Regor) can then possibly be interpreted as Hades. Olympos should then be in the opposite direction and Tartarus should be as far below Hades as Earth is below Olympos.
Reactions:
clavain, [PS4] Filthymick420, simulacrae and 1 other person