Jaiotu
May 25, 2018
#2,480
CMDR Percivus Keenblade said:
Thread is getting a bit hijacked by the ol' Rifters it seems?

Well, considering the lack of any sane leads left to follow, I guess it's acceptable trying to squeeze anything out of any piece of.. anything. On this thread I've read some brilliant speculations, some fantastic theorycrafting and absolute mad tinfoilery and frankly enjoyed them all. Guessing FD wont come up and say "the chase for Raxxla was all about this enjoyment of the ride" at some point, I'm trying to foresee what would FD want to read in those (hired or voluntarily made) gaming articles about "Mystery of 34 years solved", "Years of search from players bore fruit" etc. when(if) this thing settles. I am of the opinion that, they would rather want to read about some in-game developments of events and in-game merging of data to achieve something accompanied by some progress that could be called "in-game personal narrative" for someone or some people, instead of reading about how players stalked D.B. for two weeks day and night, broke into his house and read through his diaries and data mined all older elite games or threatened to spill excessive salt into a devs meal to merge together some numbers that got run through some decoding softwares to figure out something in the end. Which also for that reason I don't really believe brute forcing it by running around the galaxy is an intended outcome and it won't really work, assuming it's a brute forcing attempt.

But then again, we are currently lacking leads to follow and as we all know, this is FD, known for it's approaches to such issues and thus anything might happen. So don't let me keep you from going all nuts out there folks. I am all fine with all approaches up to secretly and closely examining D.B.'s pair of favourite socks for possible hidden clues about Raxxla. Just nothing further than that, though.

We have an axe-wielding penguin that regularly goes through DBOBE's trash. Alas, no hints regarding Raxxla ...
Reactions:
SpocksOddSocks