cmdr_imonix
C
Nov 23, 2022
#28,008
Louis Calvert said:
Hold on to your seat, this one gets weird.
I flew to COL 359 Sector DA-Q D5-17 and matched up my view with your video and took screenshots. Then I overlaid two frames of your video (one with the blinking stars, and one without) and then aligned and overlaid my screenshot. I then marked the location of your blinking stars with red circles...

Your Frame 1: Suspect Stars circled with red.
View attachment 333453
Your frame 2: Stars missing in the circled areas:
View attachment 333454
My screenshot of the same starfield overlaid over yours, the red markers remain in the same place... but... ah....:

The blinking stars you noticed seem to have moved on my screen?! The red circles are where the stars blinked for you, the blue are stars that appear on my screenshot but on yours!!
They aren't blinking, I would never have noticed any difference had we not done this.
This final image is Frame 3 (my screenshot) over your frame 2, but with opacity so you can see through mine to yours.

Because of FOV and stuff my screenshot isn't exactly the same, that's why some of the stars look motion-doubled a bit, but you can clearly see that this is the same area of space and the 'movement' of the stars is far greater and less predictable than the FOV doubled stars!

I've sat looking at these stars for many minutes and they don't appear to blink for me.

I've no idea. Maybe a third set of eyes on this is needed??

Click to expand...
Thank you so much for heading out to the system. The circles are a brilliant way of illustrating what's going on.

To note: there is a trinary on the background approximately 180 behind the screen shots. When that trinary is approached, the stars on your screenshot disappear and vice versa. The binary in your screenshots is somewhere on the background behind the B star, the Trinary is somewhere on the background behind the A star. (see all of my short four videos to see both the Binary and Trinary) - the Binary in your screen shots is in the first red circle on the left. Needless to say, I have been looking for a third single background star on the radius exactly between the binary and trinary to be able to triangulate from.

I created the flashing by entering normal space at equidistant between the binary and trinary. This point seems to coincide with the Barycentre of star A and star B of the system. You can see this position on the Orrery in the Galaxy map.

I suspect the difference in your view and my view is where you end up at the Barycentre. For example, I can approach the Binary with the systems star A at my back and fly straight towards star B approaching the binary (first red circle on the left) until it disappears or I can fly away from star A to point X and then head towards the same binary until it disappears. In each example, if I rotate 180 degrees, I will see the trinary (near M32 below Andromeda) and can fly towards that until it disappears.

Thank you so much for updating the Issue Tracker with FDEV.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert