Jorki Rasalas
Nov 23, 2022
#28,019
Louis Calvert said:
I really strongly feel this method should not be promoted here.

Accidentally finding comet listings in INARA or EDDB, or seeing stations orbiting something invisible and investigating to find that it's an invisible comet, is one thing - but this method is widely considered to be a game exploit.

This is not how Raxxla should be found, it should not be part of the search methodology promoted here.

“this method is widely considered to be a game exploit‘ - what is the evidence for this assertion? Exactly who considers this to be a game exploit, and exactly how many players have this belief? Has anyone from FD said this is an exploit, and what is the source reference for that? Louis, let’s not have vague innuendo but give us facts.

I’m pretty sure FD read this thread & we’ve had no comments, either for or against. It can be argued that the very existence of Pareco and its system design is FD pointing out that comets exist in-game. Moreover in 2015 Michael Brookes explicitly told us so: “The game has always had some stations orbiting comets” (https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/what-is-this.209391/post-3223324). What would be the point of trying to keep them hidden and issuing that statement?

Furthermore, the second search method was provided by FD themselves!

I note your feelings, and if you read earlier posts in this thread on this comet hunting method you will see that I initially shared them. But it was discussed & I can’t see there is any breach of the EULA in its use. Nor have moderators deleted any of the posts (or threads) relating to hunting comets. DB told us that we don’t know what Raxxla is, but he hasn’t forbidden any methods of looking for it. This is Macros’ thread and he has decided to document this.

You are, of course, free to follow your own beliefs, opinions and gameplay preferences, but decisions as to how others seek to play and/or quest for Raxxla are not in your remit. Who are you to decide how Raxxla should be found? Louis don’t be so patronising!
Last edited: Nov 23, 2022
Reactions:
Sublime and Pyroboros