SpaceGoblin
Feb 25, 2022
#25,453
So, this is all a bit previous, as I'm not even Elite rated yet (returned 2 weeks ago, zeroed save), but I've been checking out some of the Cassiopeiae stars on the 'western' edge of the Bubble (not far from Khun).

Cassiopeia = Mother of Andromeda. Andromeda is a galaxy. Cassiopeia = Mother of Galaxies? It's a bit prosaic, maybe, and I'm sure I'm far from first to follow this up, but what the hell, gotta start somewhere.

Here's Caph - 'the hand' - in the representations of Cassiopeia she has her hand to her head (or brow), and Caph is a Giant star - 'the jewel that burns on the brow...' Yeah, I know, I'm stretching it...

Anyway, I went looking for the 8th moon of a gas giant:



No such luck.

Next, Schedar. 'The Breast'. Which, if we imagine 'the jewel' as a necklace or some such, would be a logical place to say a jewel was about a persons person. And maybe it's 'brow' in the toast to keep ED's child friendly rating? Again, stretching it, but every avenue and all that!

Also, its Alpha Cassiopeiae - the 'head' star, if you will. Even if it's not actually the Queen's head. Oh, now I fancy a pint!

Schedar is also a quad star featuring a K type giant, a jewel by any other name!

Here we are - no moons here. Or even any planets:



Shame. Still part of my thinking dwells upon the reported 'it is in game, and is more likely to reveal itself to a group of players'. I choose to accept this report as real, because otherwise, why bother? I've wasted plenty of time in ED on tinfoil, and though it all came to naught, I had a lot of fun, so 'jokes on you meme goes here!'

So I don't mind spending more time in pursuit of the impossible - but you gotta let yourself believe!

It would be the first piece of content I'm aware of that was only accessible in Open Mode, so I don't think that's what's meant by 'more likely to reveal itself to a group of players'.

So what if you have to search for USS in the right system/area to find either The Dark Wheel Station or Raxxla itself? Again, I doubt I'm the first to have this idea, but it would make sense that a number of players scanning the same area could work the RNG faster than a solitary player, right?

So anyway, I was chasing signal sources in Schedar for a bit.

I don't think I'm going to reach this one in time...



SPOILER

So, anyway, time to get at least one Elite ratingh - its off to Jellyfish then Crab Nebula for me, via Hyades, Pleiades then California Nebula!

Almost finished Pathfinder Rank now, so hopefully I'll make Elite on my return.

Sure, by 'Elite' you might have to be 'Triple Elite' (or is that Octuple Elite by now?), or maybe old school 'Combat Elite', any one of a combination of Elites, but I gotta believe, and I gotta start somewhere!

So The Princess Astrophel has been re-liveried and re-regisdtered, its time to go:



To Raxxla! Raxxla! Raxxla!

It's only a model.

SHHHH!
Reactions:
simulacrae, Spenceuk99, John Stoutbeard and 1 other person