Jorki Rasalas
Feb 26, 2022
#25,456
Well, I pursued triple elite, bashing Thargoid Scouts during lockdown until I got bad RSI in both hands & wrists. Got the rank but it hasnt helped. I too think only a single elite is required. But the first thing to do is to find the source for that supposed that saying:
“ more likely to reveal itself to a group of players”
WHERE DID THIS ORIGINATE???
Until we find the source it is just another unsubstantiated rumour and likely a red herring...but it could be the key to the mystery. Perhaps it’s been deleted because of that, too obvious a clue???

Cmdr Koben recalled an early (pre-Horizons, which was released 15Dec2015) video interview with David Braben that sounds similar
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8194682

“Someone asked him about Raxxla and the answer was:
DB: "- It would be more likelly to reveal itself to a group of players."
Interviewer: "- How so?"
DB: "- If you are at the right place and you scan it enough..."
Interviewer: "- Advanced scanner or the basic one?"
DB: "- Basic scanning is enough."
Interviewer: "- But you have to be Elite..."
DB: "- You have to be Elite." “

IFF it is true then Raxxla must be in Shinrarta, since that is the only place that requires elite rank. If we can find the source for this rumour then it would warrant a concentrated coordinated search in Shinrarta, which is a big system so needs some evidence to justify.

I think 8th moon of a GG is a red herring, or perhaps an indirect clue to Raxxla. Rochester asked customer support about TDW station and IIRC got the answer that it is not currently in-game. So the associated Codex text is either bumpf, or misdirection with a different meaning to what we are thinking. Sufficient doubt is given in the codex over Lyta Crane’s veracity that I have never believed the claim.

And if you’re looking at the Alleged Toast the answer I think to the first part was provided in Galnet:
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8212706
Jewel on brow of Mother of Galaxies: jun3301 “Sol is the birthplace of our race, the shining jewel of our galaxy.”

And the Milky Way is the only galaxy implemented in-game (other than as a background picture), and has 59 satellite galaxies (https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satellite_galaxy), so what other explanation can we have when DB is keen IRL on astronomy and scientific accuracy?
So:
Mother of galaxies-> Milky Way
Jewel on her brow-> Sol
To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void! -> could have many interpretations. Dont see how Shinrarta fits, but the elite requirement implies there. Could be Felicity Farseer or Elvira Martuk as they are both experts (whisperers) in fsd technology, and Flic as an old explorer urges people to get out into the black. Could be Neutron Star or White Dwarf. Could be a pulsar since they have been said to be sirens of the void (cant find the reference at the moment, New Scientist I think, reported it previously in this thread -see my “Raxxla in Sol” hypothesis).
The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts -> possibly just padding to complete the poetry verse. Could be the grief and woe of those left behind when you go on the quest, or find it (could be a one-way trip).
Or, the whole thing could be a toast to Raxxla: Jewel, Whisperer & Siren as she is calling us in this endless quest for something about which we know nothing, neither what it is, where it is, who put it there, why we should find it, how it got there...
Last edited: Feb 27, 2022
Reactions:
Spenceuk99 and Rochester