Rochester
Nov 25, 2020
#19,805
CMDR Zulu said:
I’m being drawn back into this possible Rogue Planet aspect of the mystery. I read that back in the design discussion forums they outlined that Rogue Planets wouldn’t show up on either the Galaxy Map or FSS, instead you’d need to be in a normal system that was roughly 40ly away from the Rogue Planet, select the Rogue Planet from the nav panel and jump to it.

Maybe this is what’s causing so much difficulty? Who navigates from system to system only using the Nav Panel for jumps? I’d venture to say most players decide where they want to go and plot a course through the Galaxy map then use the nav panel for in system stellar bodies.

Michael Brookes stated previously, in a somewhat cheeky manner, that not all stars have planets and that not all planets have stars, indicating that Rogue Planets may already be in the stellar forge. I believe people saw files for Rogue Planet too in the game files although that’s all hearsay in my opinion until one is located.

If this is the case then maybe a slight change in the way we navigate is warranted. Although searching for a rogue planet in the Nav Panel is still a momentous task without some clue as to the region it’s located in.

Several years after the fact we still don’t know what prompted Jasmina Halsey and Starship One to deviate from their scheduled tour route. The only reason we received for the deviation in their itinerary was “classified”. Perhaps something popped up in Starship One’s Nav panel that wasn’t on the Galmap, from one of the systems on their tour route, they plotted the jump and the rest is history.

Just thinking out loud here. I’m still a ways off in the black but will check this hypothesis out when I get back and make sure I’m in a ship with at least 40ly range.
Click to expand...
Yes a good point. And if memory serves FD may have said something towards the lines (correct if wrong) 'we know why it hasn't been found', which if correct alludes either to a game mechanism or player behaviour. The rouge planet idea if in game is a great way to obfuscate something.

Maybe the Codex is a clue towards the correct area, as Drew suggested in regards to Tau Ceti, is in fact a strong possibility, we're just using the wrong navigation tool.
Reactions:
CMDR Deano The Imperial, Vetinari, CMDR Zulu and 1 other person