yelboc
Feb 24, 2021
#21,415
Daddy wallis said:
So I have really put some thought into all this and done my research and spent hours reading and validating things and saying whether this or that is b.s. or not. My conclusion to everything is princess “astrophel and spiraling stars”... this is where the words-“you have to make it a bit obvious” come into play. But that was hard to figure out because there are so many things that could have been the obvious thing. So I went into detective mode with the astrophel and spiraling stars. What’s up with the name astrophel?! Well Astro obviously means Star and phel means Fail in English from a few other languages. So we have Star-Fail and spiraling stars. When you do a search on spiraling stars and really dig into it, you always come up with something about a WR star or Wolf Rayet. So In my theory we have converted astrophel and spiraling stars into Star-Fail and Spiraling Stars. But there’s one more step what’s a Star-Fail? Well a failed Star is a brown dwarf.. so I’m willing to bet that Raxxla is in a system with a brown dwarf and either one or multiple wolf rayets. I mean really!! Why even put something like that in the game if there’s no context to it. There is no book with that name anywhere in elite or in the real world. There’s one that’s similar but not enough to tie it into this game.
Astrophel is 'star lover' with greek roots.

The name Astrophel is a boy's name meaning "star lover". Invented by 16th-century English poet Sir Philip Sidney for the hero of his sonnet sequence Astrophel and Stella, this name is derived from the Greek elements aster “star” and philos “lover”.

Many have taken the line that Astophel and Stella by Sir Philip Sydney is the story (poem) in the Codex, but there is no princess and the link to spiralling stars is not really very direct. Nothing much seems to have come from that line of enquiry that I'm aware of.

The Qixi festival and the tale of the weaver girl and the cow herd is another 'star lover' interpretation, but likewise hasn't gone anywhere to date.
Reactions:
Panda The Gray, [PS4] Filthymick420 and Vektorboson