Vektorboson
V
Feb 24, 2021
#21,413
I hate you all
You have been giving clues all the time and I didn't notice it!

This very thread is the "mad tea party" and I guess participation in this thread is a requirement to solve the Raxxla-puzzle. This would basically mean, I was Alice the whole time without knowing it.

The Elite Dangerous-galaxy is basically the mind of Lewis Carroll.

Lewis Carroll - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

The smoking gun for me was the number of letters which is 98721. That was that weird permit for HIP 87621 which requires the HIP 48762 permit.

Barnard's Loop is the (inverse) grin of the Cheshire-cat; in the Sifi-system Barnard's loop disappears when I fly away from the star.

The naming of the Isis-planets is probably based on the "The Wonderland Postage-Stamp Case":

This was a cloth-backed folder with twelve slots, two marked for inserting the most commonly used penny stamp, and one each for the other current denominations up to one shilling.

I guess the missing/extra letters (for Ma'a, Herme, Odins) are something similar to the "doublet" as in the Wikipedia-article. I was puzzled why you guys started talking about the different spellings of the Pilots Federation, but now it makes sense.

---
I'm currently tired, so I will not figure the Sifi-system out today, I hope the system won't be reset tomorrow and I need to find the Raxxla-system again.

So my (probably final) theory is, that Raxxla is a portmentau from Ra and Axle, meaning Ra's Axle. Since Ra = the Sun, it means Sun's Axle.
Simulacrae have been mentioning trees, so I assume Raxxla is an axletree based on the star, and I need to find the levers.
The levers are probably the pattern breaking planets with the moons, meaning Sifi 14, and the third gas giant with the 6th moon.

What I need to find is "the mirror" from the Looking Glass. I think the mirror will enable the following process:

"I see the stars moving. I move the stars I see."

I assume that the position of the planets is the lock and arranging them correctly opens the door.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, simulacrae and Vetinari