CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 9, 2021
#24,435
Jorki Rasalas said:
“the reason Dark Wheel has ties to the Raxxla myth is they were able to get their hands on artifacts that hint of its' existence and saw things” - - - what is the evidence for this claim
The Hengist Duval saga in Elite Encounters RPG (cut by the non-human artifact before it is taken to Beta Hydri), First Encounters mission invoving moving the artifact from the Empire to Beta Hydri, the forced change of Imperial succession due to said blood on said artifact) - see this galnet, and the entirety of the official novel Wanted, the fact the Ryders didn't buy ships - they outgunned pirates with the intent to disable and then fix captured vessels, the Ryders knew which illegal trades could pay well enough to support a comfortable lifestyle, and the fact their base of operations was near Isinor (which seems to both connect Far God (or precursor organization) and Judas Syndicate. Based on the evidence, they seem to have started out as Far God (or a precursor group), got scattered by the Feds crackdown on xeno-allies, fell in with Judas Syndicate in Beta Hydri and learned to be effective pirates, then when the Sirius brokered end of the Federal/Imperial cold war started at the Battle of Achenar handed the Feds Beta Hydri (and it became a Federal Founder system) they boarded a colony ship to what would become GalCop (these may have had hyperdrives by that point) which would have been shortly following the assasination of Dr. Joreb Innitu (thargoid and xenobiology researcher). They likely landed in Teorge which is very near Tionisla but settled closer to Isinor.

By the way, in regards my comment that I have seen Raxxla in its inactive state: we actually all have (probably). It seemed so minor it was dismissed. It is positively huge (place that isn't a place) that leads elsewhere once we can do some stuff to possibly activate it. I have ideas on that front. Still going through documentation and doing the write-up (there is a lot to connect to the known parts of the story). I hope to be done this weekend as real-life has been getting in the way.