Rochester
Oct 16, 2023
#31,765
Guardians of the eastern gate… and pirates?

Found some further interesting named systems whilst digging down through the triad goddesses region which sits at the end of the first Brookes Galactic Tour and the hypothetical path of the Shibboleth!

Path of the Shibboleth
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10125313

Robert Holdstocks on the outer rim
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10193472

Brookes Tour intersecting a potential tri-partite system?
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10204313

The Lost Realms of Robert Holdstock
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10214625

Found an Egyptian god, Sopedu - (Guardian of the East) - this was interesting of itself, as I was able to locate the equivalent gods for West and South (no north), Nekhbet and Imentet. They don’t correlate, but again they do sit neatly with all other ‘gods’ higher up, Sopedu was unusual as it was furthest set apart and lower down than the others!

But close to Sopedu, and not far off below these triad goddesses, was something more interesting, the system ‘Michel’?



Now Michael can be spelt numerous ways, but it’s always attributed to the same origins ‘Michael’ relatively they all mean the same thing. It’s a very old name.

On its own I wouldn’t be particularly surprised by this one, but its shared context and relative position to Sopedu, just raises my eyebrow.

The archangel Michael in Paradise Lost expunged Eve and Adam from the East gates of Paradise, where the sword of god was left (like a burning comet) with cherubim with fierce faces and arms, to guard it from all intruders.

So in theory, if M Brookes had built Raxxla as an example of a Holstockian / Miltonian Eden and this Eastern gate, then logically this specific archangel ought to be close by it, maybe also even other references, such as a burning sword, something related to heat, flames or comets, to Adam/Eve, or of another angel or the cherubim?

Note biblically this sword is usually attributed to either or both Jophiel and Uriel. It has in various texts been also alluded to as ‘lightning’, or in some depictions as a wavering flame not an actual solid sword, there are actual real ‘flame swords’ which had a military purpose, but I suppose generally the titular biblical sword was metaphorical and more akin to an all encompassing flame, which either was composed of cherubim or held by them.



Was this the same motif shown in Brookes commissions, St. Michael protecting the gates of paradise with a cherubim holding a burning sword?

I’ve long suspected the image above depicts two stars. Could this image be a star map?

If applicable, does this indicate Raxxla may be in this vicinity, or is this another allusion towards looking far upwards above the Lost Realms? If not, then ought we possibly find yet another reference to these gates in this vicinity? Another reference to Michael, a sword or a cherubim?

The artist who Brookes commissioned did state to other Cmdrs, that she established two sides of a cosmology, of heaven, limbo the underworld… so it’s not logical for Edens gates to be located in game below the underworld?

An additional aside was Adams description of Michael as a teacher ‘the 'true opener of mine eyes’ (XI.598). Paradise Lost. Is this the source for ‘those with eyes to see’?

‘Th' Archangel stood, and from the other Hill. To thir fixt Station, all in bright array. The Cherubim descended; on the ground. Gliding meteorous, as Ev'ning Mist. Ris'n from a River o're the marish glides, [ 630 ]. And gathers ground fast at the Labourers heel. Homeward returning. High in Front advanc't, The brandisht Sword of God before them blaz'd. Fierce as a Comet; which with torrid heat. And vapour as the Libyan Air adust, [ 635 ]. Began to parch that temperate Clime; whereat
In either hand the hastning Angel caught. Our lingring Parents, and to th' Eastern Gate. Led them direct, and down the Cliff as fast. To the subjected Plaine; then disappeer'd. [ 640 ]. They looking back, all th' Eastern side beheld. Of Paradise, so late thir happie seat. Wav'd over by that flaming Brand, the Gate’. (XI). Paradise Lost.

Hebrew: ‘lahat chereb’ or literally "flame of the whirling sword".

William Blake's Illustrations to Milton's Paradise Lost: The Expulsion of Adam and Eve from the Garden of Eden.



So far I have not been able to establish any other references in this location to support this hypothesis.

Sopedu also has a direct in game link to the system Michel, with the shared faction, Likedeeler of Michel.

A Likedeeler is an old German slang for “equal sharers”, this might be attributed to the 14th century guild of pirates the ‘Victual Brothers’!

Likedeelers is an unusual and so far unique word in game, so far I can only identify one system utilising it ‘Likedeeler Magna Libertas’. Magna = Great; Libertas = Freedom. Equal Sharers Great Freedom? Even more unusual is it’s location! It also has the faction Likedeeler of Michel.

Sadly this faction is player created, as such it’s presence advocates that this hypothesis is either very likely inflated and false, or that FD is in error and has allowed such information’s reliability to be intentionally or unintentionally contradictorily obfuscated and therefore impossible to read accurately!

In an attempt to clarify this data anomaly a support ticket was raised, FD responded stating no comment.


Last edited: May 1, 2024
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Han_Zen and 1 other person