Edelgard von Rhein
E
Oct 16, 2023
#31,761
simulacrae said:
Looking at the current discussion...Got me thinking about things...

Im sold on Raxxla being tied to the world or celestial axis...I agree that the Hero fighting Dragon/Snake for the "prize" is the general theme that is being referenced - and I think it is associated with idea of the Axis. Some obvious connections are Indra fighting Vritra, Apollo fighting Python, Odin fighting Wyrm or Thor fighting Jormungandr.

However.... with the Norse symbolism- We have an axis tied to Ragnarock.... which might be problematic for us...

To add to what Selbie put together...

There was a "burning Warg" early on in this game...reference to Fenrir? with students chanting "babykiller" (ostensibly to do with the attacking of Panem)... Parents Grief? or maybe a reference to the coming of Ragnarock?










From the Volspa stanza 40

The First Sorrow being the Death of Baldr, son of Frigg (The Parents Grief?)
The Second Sorrow being the Death of Odin, husband of Frigg (The Lovers Woe?)


Anyhow so back to Raxxla.... what if it is Ragnarock? and the dark wheel of fate is turning us to our destruction. Does Sol get plunged into darkness by Fenrir ?
Are Thargoids - Frost Giants bent on our destruction? Stay tuned ... same bat time same bat channel ...

Supposedly the Hyades and Aldeberan make up the "Wolfs Jaw" constellation - which could be Fenrir. Might be worth checking out...

The Belt of Orion is known as Friggs Distaff.... The distaff and weaving being associated with the idea of Fate and the World Axis and Frigg "knows the fate of everyone"(from Lokasenna) ....

The First Sorrow being the death of Baldr (exists as a system in-game) and the Second Sorrow being the death of Odin (also a system) and Odin himself having wandered as a vagabond, really clicks with me as being a good description of the third line of The Dark Wheel toast.

Jormungand is a system on the edge of Hyades Sector.

Ragnarok may well have befallen the Guardians but life is cycles and perhaps it is threatening us now? Which of the Thargoids and Guardians are the gods or the giants? Given the naming conventions of their vessels, I think the Thargoids are the giants.

Also interesting to note that Loki was half of each and fought with the giants. We have Seo Jin-ae who is as close to half-Thargoid as anyone (though who knows what the people rescued from the Titans are like) and Salvation who may be half-Guardians-AI. I trust Seo more than Salvation, though... .

This jigsaw puzzle is coming together!
Reactions:
selbie, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Han_Zen and 1 other person