lorrad
Dec 18, 2017
#1,370
madbilly said:
The correct quote from the mission is:

So, still 26 characters long but only when including punctuation.
If we're going to assume this is a riddle then "the Myth" is probably also important.

Honestly, I believe that Raxxla is only visible to a quad-Elite player, maybe also needing max Fed and Imperial ranks and max Alliance rep. When it's visible that's when we need to know where to look, and I'm sure the missions will appear then to help us find the way.

So when I asked before there was a triple-Elite player but no quad-Elite player. Anyone care to admit they're played more CQC than is healthy?

This is what I was thinking as what if,,,

The whole thing the original mission texts is setup like koans the resolution of which lead to enlightenment the location of Raxxla.

What if they did something like this: start with a couple of koans, something abstract and nothing to do with ED, perform some operation on them, that can yield a vector, address, name, location something,, use that to place Raxxla. MB said there'd be no clue and these missions haven't been seen again since the beginning. What if they've been withdrawn because when the Gods saw how quickly people were solving other things and if you've created this one you'd think it'll be too easy. The real trick may be that western culture has it's head stuck up it's own ssa so much it can't see anything else so the riddle can hide in plain sight.

Curiously the first one is a known koan the answer to which is "memory". There's also formal logic here of A equals A not which is identity in eastern logic not A equals A where western logic stats. Is the fact the first is a known koan a clue that this is the way to go?

The second line not so easy and not a know koan or I haven't found it around but similar ones suggest this means minding/perception/seeing,,,something along those line and I can't see the formal logic in the line...

so or the two line,,xor the two lines, something??

memory
perception
myth

?????????????????????

not satisified


Anyhoo they're meant to be mind worms and could as easily be crow bait.

caw caw caw
Last edited: Dec 18, 2017
Reactions:
madbilly