Jorki Rasalas
Jan 22, 2023
#28,994
Edelgard von Rhein said:
There's no doubt that the search for Raxxla is frequently frustrating and I have felt the need to take a step back and just explore for its own sake, or race, or help out with Turning the Wheel, Op Ida or anything else that catches my fancy for when I am feeling burned-out. (Or when my fingers need a rest, like now). It is often when I take a break that I have an idea I can test (by which I mean falsify).

It is great that there are so many of us here thinking in different ways. Fundamentally, we have not made progress but that could change in an instant, with a single clue being found that had been missed before. We are throwing ideas at the wall and at some point one of them is going to stick. That first part is the hardest. So keep the ideas coming!

If in doubt, go back to the beginning, in-game. I think Tau Ceti is set up as being the starting point by the Codex, so visit the Tourist Beacons, land at the main stations (not all the Odyssey ones - not even sure how many were added but they are all procedural afaik, or is that an assumption to test?). Tug on those straws and see what comes loose. Somewhere there is a lead that has not been followed up yet by someone who realises it is what we are after here.

Fly safe and enjoy the ride! o7
Click to expand...
Well, the dice are heavilyloaded against us. The in-game universe is huge and Raxxla could be anywhere. If we are placing the correct interpretation on the few clues we have and it is close to the bubble we are hampered since we don't know what we are looking for, hence we won’t know we’ve found it until something strange happens and we know we’ve found it so everything has to be exhaustively tested. And the “clues” are so ambiguous....
I’ve done a lot of searching in Sol, a lot of searching around the bubble, been out to Heart & Soul, searched a whole sector (Pha Ain NO-X, though that was kicked off by Drew’s Reclamation book), searched both the Broken Heart Cluster and Broken Heart Nebula. Dived numerous black holes, been out to Crab Pulsar and several others....don’t know how many light years I’ve flown, but it’s been a lot! I pointed out last week that the Toast could equally apply to Generation Ships as Sol astronomical bodies....so yes, Raxxla Quest burn out is a constant hazard and we need to mix other aspects of gameplay to stay sane. But since the Thargoid War now seems to be the gameplay driver and I’m no longer interested in that, in trade or exploration for their own sake...

Ive been playing X4 for the last few days, but can’t say I’m over enamoured of that.
Last edited: Jan 23, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae, Macros Black, Rochester and 1 other person