CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 22, 2023
#28,989
Coehoorn said:
Make me.

Jokes aside, with all due respect, the last 1000 pages of this thread didn't produce any new ideas or insights into the matter. I have every right to sprinkle some skepticism into it, especially considering many of the contributors here are just feeding into their own bubble and retracing past steps for the Xth time. Learn to deal with skepticism and criticism, because it won't just go away on your demand.
If you want to help you are welcome to stay. If not, I would suggest finding some other amusement. We do actually have leads that are worthwhile. They come from the Raxxla and The Dark Wheel codexes and in-game and they are as follows:

-Per TDW codex, they found Soontill but not Raxxla.
-Per in-game at Soontill 1 (location of the rumored Secret Base) that planet is not landable as it makes Venus look like a comparative Heaven with >9 million atmospheres worth of pressure and a surface temperature hotter than most stars at some 8,256 Kelvin. It should be noted Soontill is a classic asymptotic giant branch star which produces Technetium through s-process nucleosynthesis. These stars are the only stellar evolutionary pathway which produces Wolf Rayets. As such, they are linked to Guardians. Guardians inhabited these stars when they are more stable. As they grow older, they can cycle in and out of main sequence several times and ultimately end up as white dwarfs, wolf rayets, or in extreme cases neutron stars.



-Soontill Relics it should be noted are sold by Garry's Reclamations (in other words the grandson of Oberon Ryder).



-Per Raxxla codex Art Tornvquist was a ship-board mechanic based out of Tau Ceti. This means discovery happens on a ship. Even then it is clear the rumor had been circulating for some time and was connected to a Pirate Stash. We do have a Pirate Cache in Synuefe QA-U d4-27 at body A 1.

It seems we keep coming back to it must be in the Bubble due to nothing more than wishful thinking. After all, we had 66 years of uncontrollable expansion starting in 2230 per the Early Colonies beacon and that appears to been fueled by Hydrogen-based fuels (see Sirius Corporation codex and Sirius system description) which could be scooped from stars as evidenced by it happening during the Logistical Nightmare beacon.
Last edited: Jan 22, 2023
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein