Jorki Rasalas
Jan 22, 2023
#28,985
Emperor said:
Or because the narrative hadn't been decided at the time?

One of the thoughts I've alway had playing the game from the Beta stage is that the Dark Wheel and Raxxla might not have been fully implemented from the start (but still justifiably "in game") and they had it on the initial development road map to complete it over a number of releases.

From the Dark Wheel missions it's seems clear to me this was intended as end game content and so it's possible they thought they had time to finish it off as planned. Then of course the game went live and there were many other priorities to implement that had been promised and many, many, many bugs to fix (soooo many bugs after every release!!!!)...

The reference to it being in game but you don't know what it is could also be a fair statement if FD also hadn't fully decided what it was at the time either

Why do I have a nagging doubt this might be the case?

Mainly because one of the bugs that went live was Beta backers such as myself gained accidental access to Shin Dez from the start as it should have been founders and Elite pilots only... FD decided not to pull the access I presume to avoid a backlash, which meant a LOT more people had immediate access to the Dark Wheel faction and therefore their missions a lot earlier than expected.

If this early access for almost all of the player community at launch was the fundamental reason then I suspect they may have pulled the DW missions as they hadn't finished developing the story arc and people had completed them far too early.

Not to mention people were buzzing around Shin Dez for the 10% discounts and full ship/module availability, with many making it their home as I did early on... and soon people were naturally experimenting and exploring the game and demonstrating unexpected behaviours like a lot of ganking (no crime and punishment back then!), developing exploits to make money, rank or reputation (it was a lot more grindy back then!) and even heading out in to the black for giggles (I seem to remember even DB was perplexed before the full release that people would want to travel to Sag A)....and not to forget stuff like hammering the BGS in favour of the Dark Wheel seemed to be something they hadn't considered either which resulted in FD changing how the BGS works in Shin Dez.

So perhaps the journey we all have to make ourselves is being around until they finish the development

So it could be permit locked away for future Dev.... ("We know where it is")

Why do I keep looking... Well it's only one theory and just a thought...
Click to expand...
Or because there was a Raxxla narrative written by MB but it was deleted when he left? Perhaps the cause of his departure? Less narrative to maintain means less effort, more profitss?

DB’s reference to it being “in game but you don't know what it is is” was, I think, relatively recent. I think it implies exactly what it says- our lack of knowledge about its nature rather than any lack of narrative pertaining to it or lack of FD support. DB had a little chortle when he said it, so I think Raxxla is definitely not something ordinary like a planet or moon named “Raxxla”. It is something out of the ordinary that will surprise us. It is not an in-game body named “Raxxla” because that would have been quickly found by the data mining fraternity. It might be an in-game body that is named quite differently but somehow has specific behaviour attached to it which will surprise us (if we ever find it), or it will cause an instance to be downloaded from FD servers which will provide the “Raxxla experience”. From game design and implementation grounds I suspect the latter, and it gives FD a lot of room for programming something very different.

I dont think the lack of FD information signifies anything at all about the existence or otherwise of Raxxla. If you want to keep a secret you don’t spread information about it to a couple of hundred people that includes trainees, work experience students etc etc. You keep it within a small circle: e.g. game designer, programmer, idea originator and executive producer, so perhaps a maximum of four people, two of whom are DB and MB.

I think if Raxxla is permit locked then its a permit that we would get quickly, like Sol or Sirius etc.

Why do we keep looking? Because we like a puzzle!
Reactions:
Rochester