CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 23, 2023
#28,998
Just for the record here's how we got to this point:

Lave (3125) - First Thargoid encounter that was recorded in "made for holo-vid" moment broadcast throughout human space. Notable for "THARG" visible on ship.
LHS 6309 (2959) - Drifter incident. Results in rescued escape pod that is picked up by Faraday station. No superpower involvement and no explicit counter-evidence. Also, no reason to distrust report of unknown vessel destroying human ship.
Veliaze/Zelada Incident (2867) plus Aymiay and Ququve (with further rumors in GalNet) - Galnet notable for pushing narrative connecting Veliaze to Lave despite 258 year gap. Federal Navy involvement with 13 ships vanished in 3 months under President Olaf Smith. Suspected piracy / early stages of Alliance rebellions and subsequent cover-up by Federation in light of loss. Connected to Laedla and Gellan Incidents. Black Prince claims responsibility for some ot these.
Elite Classic - Occurs in 3100s (but before January 1st, 3200) with Lave already a full-fledged dictatorship (August 3174 or later). This places events after the First Thargoid Contact and First Thargoid War. Unsure how GalCop survived given Imperial embargo against military starting back during Old Worlds Coalition after Morten-Marte Incident and Imperial Navy invasion. Suspected that this is after the shutdown of Project Equinox which was connected further to Project Thunderchild.
Lavian Incident has significant issues especially the "made for holo-vid" though at least Dr. Hans Walden was not in power at that point. Suspected Club or The Dark Wheel involvement in light of The Pilots' Federation and ramping up of recruits for organization. Lave being central to this has always been a point of contention. Still, there is the matter of the decrypted text which was deciphered via THARG as the encryption key:

Lavian Phoenix Greeting Protocol

The old mercenaries preferred a silent hail when meeting in deep space . Approach dead ahead with gun ports open at ninety degrees to target. Stop at five hundred metres , rotate ninety to the left and wait for same response.

Once established, custom is Phoenix members help each other. Your new friend might fly your wing for a while, but they’ll be gone if something comes up.

No pilot violates the greeting. If they does, let it be know. The Lady of Fate don’t smile on traitors.
Click to expand...
Last edited: Jan 23, 2023