Rochester
Jan 22, 2023
#28,982
Emperor said:
Or because the narrative hadn't been decided at the time?

One of the thoughts I've alway had playing the game from the Beta stage is that the Dark Wheel and Raxxla might not have been fully implemented from the start (but still justifiably "in game") and they had it on the initial development road map to complete it over a number of releases.

From the Dark Wheel missions it's seems clear to me this was intended as end game content and so it's possible they thought they had time to finish it off as planned. Then of course the game went live and there were many other priorities to implement that had been promised and many, many, many bugs to fix (soooo many bugs after every release!!!!)...

The reference to it being in game but you don't know what it is could also be a fair statement if FD also hadn't fully decided what it was at the time either

Why do I have a nagging doubt this might be the case?

Mainly because one of the bugs that went live was Beta backers such as myself gained accidental access to Shin Dez from the start as it should have been founders and Elite pilots only... FD decided not to pull the access I presume to avoid a backlash, which meant a LOT more people had immediate access to the Dark Wheel faction and therefore their missions a lot earlier than expected.

If this early access for almost all of the player community at launch was the fundamental reason then I suspect they may have pulled the DW missions as they hadn't finished developing the story arc and people had completed them far too early.

Not to mention people were buzzing around Shin Dez for the 10% discounts and full ship/module availability, with many making it their home as I did early on... and soon people were naturally experimenting and exploring the game and demonstrating unexpected behaviours like a lot of ganking (no crime and punishment back then!), developing exploits to make money, rank or reputation (it was a lot more grindy back then!) and even heading out in to the black for giggles (I seem to remember even DB was perplexed before the full release that people would want to travel to Sag A)....and not to forget stuff like hammering the BGS in favour of the Dark Wheel seemed to be something they hadn't considered either which resulted in FD changing how the BGS works in Shin Dez.

So perhaps the journey we all have to make ourselves is being around until they finish the development

So it could be permit locked away for future Dev.... ("We know where it is")

Why do I keep looking... Well it's only one theory and just a thought...
Click to expand...
I do think this had some impact upon the DW missions, I do presume they led ‘somewhere’ but we’re essentially broken, but like everything else in ED, FD employed their standard ‘ignore, nerf or close’ process, focusing of other things at the time of more importance.

When a certain mission system update occurred I think this got tidied away, FD might also have realised they underestimated player behaviour, so for fear of content being jumped (see Guardian launch) they nerfed it…

Note FD when responding to Support questions do indicate these missions are removed, but in another linked to the trinkets, and alluded to it being linked to a ‘story’, which might get turned back on.. (not a direct quote)… it’s one thing to remove a narrative it’s another to put it to sleep…

I feel those older missions were generally put to sleep because FD underestimated us, in line with their earlier pre-launch expectations, I do feel they had literally no comprehension and it caught them sideways… it’s sad because I suspect they chose to discard some potentially creative content over application of some new content to mitigate it… this fits their MO which is always to take the simplest and longest route.

It’s fascinating generally because it talks of a time when the game was less multiplayer based and there seemed to exist more of a personal narrative, I do suspect FD held a particular perspective which over time has been dropped, which in my opinion is rather sad because they might have just followed the lowest common denominator, rather than sticking to their guns… easier to nerf than invest… then again who’s to say one day they won’t just turn it all back on?

Last edited: Jan 22, 2023
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas