Emperor
Jan 22, 2023
#28,986
Jorki Rasalas said:
Or because there was a Raxxla narrative written by MB but it was deleted when he left? Perhaps the cause of his departure? Less narrative to maintain means less effort, more profitss?

DB’s reference to it being “in game but you don't know what it is is” was, I think, relatively recent. I think it implies exactly what it says- our lack of knowledge about its nature rather than any lack of narrative pertaining to it or lack of FD support. DB had a little chortle when he said it, so I think Raxxla is definitely not something ordinary like a planet or moon named “Raxxla”. It is something out of the ordinary that will surprise us. It is not an in-game body named “Raxxla” because that would have been quickly found by the data mining fraternity. It might be an in-game body that is named quite differently but somehow has specific behaviour attached to it which will surprise us (if we ever find it), or it will cause an instance to be downloaded from FD servers which will provide the “Raxxla experience”. From game design and implementation grounds I suspect the latter, and it gives FD a lot of room for programming something very different.

I dont think the lack of FD information signifies anything at all about the existence or otherwise of Raxxla. If you want to keep a secret you don’t spread information about it to a couple of hundred people that includes trainees, work experience students etc etc. You keep it within a small circle: e.g. game designer, programmer, idea originator and executive producer, so perhaps a maximum of four people, two of whom are DB and MB.

I think if Raxxla is permit locked then its a permit that we would get quickly, like Sol or Sirius etc.

Why do we keep looking? Because we like a puzzle!
Click to expand...
Having worked in software development for far too many years and having brother's writing games since the 80's I always balance my expectations of Raxxla is with a little bit of commercial reality which is where my doubts lie.. but as I said it's just one thought

...and we know we can't get some permits even in Sol
Reactions:
Rochester