Jorki Rasalas
Jan 22, 2023
#28,988
Emperor said:
Having worked in software development for far too many years and having brother's writing games since the 80's I always balance my expectations of Raxxla is with a little bit of commercial reality which is where my doubts lie.. but as I said it's just one thought

...and we know we can't get some permits even in Sol
Indeed. A lurking fear I have is that Raxxla is an alien (Guardian!) installation/ship/AI at Triton, to be revealed in an endgame narrative that we have as yet no clues about... but IMHO by telling us that it has been in-game from the outset (well, the Gamma), that it is a long personal journey, that it can be found by anyone and others, etc etc (see my earlier post on everything we know, reference: https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10024731 ) DB and MB set up an unstated but implied agreement with the playerbase that it is an experience that can be found from the outset.

I’m convinced that Raxxla is in-game, but I accept as a valid viewpoint (though I disagree for reason above) we might not yet be allowed to find out what it is. That does match everything we know about it but I would find that EXTREMELY annoying!!!

Edit:
On second thoughts I’ll repost the meat of my previous post summarising everything we know about Raxxla:

(MB) “It’s in the Milky Way” and “you have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious so people know what they’re doing”
Q: founder's world name?...Shinrarta Dezhra... I'm a tiny little bit disappointed they didn't call it Raxxla - A: (MB) “Raxxla is something different”
(MB) “FD did look at a story involving Raxxla, but felt that was a story that should be played out in game rather than as a novel”
(MB) “It’s something in the game world (not text) and very hard to find”
(MB) “It’s not a random thing”
(MB) “Anyone can find it, and more than once”
(Allen Stroud) “it is a topic within the Alien lore book” that we have no insight into
(DB) “You don’t know what it is”


MB’s “Anyone can find it, and more than once” I find very significant. Not “can find it when the permit is opened” or “when the end game is reached”. IMHO it definitely indicates we can find it NOW!

If you include Ascorbius’ uncorroborated report (but IMHO believable) that Michael Brookes said at a closed Q&A (probably Lavecon17) the system where Raxxla is located had been visited and honked but Raxxla was not detected...then Raxxla can be found now...

Though I agree it is not conclusive since it could also include Sol and the permit-locked Triton....
But I still think the problem is that we dont know what we are looking for, so we might not recognise it. If it is apparently something very ordinary then it could continue to be overlooked. Remember the megaship that wasn't detected until someone visited the asteroid cluster it was located at....

And I really doubt that every asteroid cluster has been visited, even within the bubble!! Only takes one to be missed....
And what even if you visit the location but it still wouldn't show in scanners/FSS but has to be detected visually? I still think it is likely that Codex paragraph about an undetectable station is actually telling us about Raxxla’s detectability.... I remember an apparently pointless galnet article about a sculpture made from meta alloys that bent light rays
(1st July 3302 Sirius Corporation has unveiled a memorial to those who lost their lives aboard the Highliner Antares...)

Mmm, back to searching Saturn’s rings!!
Last edited: Jan 22, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Emperor and Rochester