CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jun 14, 2024
#34,216
Rochester said:
Interesting; I’ve not really read any of the older text / lore / Oolite or affiliated texts, being wholly suspicious of what is actually canon and what is not in direct association to Elite Dangerous.

I’ll need to read this over a big cup of tea to identify any applicable links, but let us not forget that ‘Legacy’ does give us some very specific details about Hammer, his origins, and life, which will help establish an association if there is one.

In Legacy, Hammer was originally the son of a space trader and spent his youth on his family’s ship, when he grew up he left to become a farmer on some unknown agricultural world. He only returned to space after pirates killed his family. It was from that point in time that Hammer in Legacy begun a career in space, hunting pirates using his farther’s ship, an Anaconda, which he renamed as Hammer.

The Character Hammer was not his original name, which was in fact legally registered as . He had an interest in drinking, bar room brawls, and military history. His physical description matches that of Michael Brookes, who did confirm on the Forum the character was partly based upon himself.

In Legacy the character is described as a type of wandering and a crusader, and in relation to Norse mythology too, as like ‘one of those gods who came down from the mountain’.

Hammer may be a metaphor for ‘Thor’ then; whilst Lamon might be old Celt / Norse for ‘law giver’ or French for “up hill”?

Given this limited set of very specific identifiers, if these characters are the same then it is these similarities which we need to identify, given the limitations.

If the link is ‘name’ only it might be construed as being too wide and unlikely?

Where was this other character born; what did he do in his youth; what is his physical appearance; does he have a real name; what hobbies does he have; what ship does he use, who were his parents?

Giving the new text a quick search I currently don’t see any matches for ‘Lamon’; ‘farm’; ‘farther’ nor ‘anaconda’.

Personally I don’t think there is enough here to establish a quick relationship, if anyone can find such relationships please identify, my tea has just been finished.

Personally I suspect if the character in Legacy is intended, then in my interpretation it is in regard to spacial clues literally and not literary.

In Legacy Hammer talks of the system, unlike the other systems mentioned in the book this does not exist in game. However it is linked to the quest (not only by the reference to a children’s story (Julia of Freeholm) but the direction marker pointing us to Achenar.

Hammer tells us the system is far below Achenar. I interpreted the Codex to identify the path of Persephone and the path of Satan to the Greek underworld

This area is in the same general vicinity of the Lost Realms - which I also postulated is what the later half of the Codex identifies - directly.

Beaumont means ‘beautiful mountain’ in French. There are I hypothesis various allusions towards concepts of mountains, throughout this quest. So one could interpret that allusion to mean ‘look for the beautiful mountain below Achenar’?

I speculate this is an allusion to Norse and Celt mythology surrounding the concept of the ‘Otherworld’ and is in itself another Robert Holdstock / Miltonian reference.

Again, the above is an , it may be wrong, but there are too many other directional allusions which point to this general area - not excluding what I believe is a very obvious clue included by FD as a memorial, namely the Brookes Tours, as the second stage of that tour is in this same location.
Click to expand...
It is possible then this may be a different Hammer. I just thought it very odd the name was used. The story is lighter on origin story and those working on Lucifer have to undergo body rebuilding because the environment is so hazardous. The story also doesn't really go into depth about his family unlike Legacy.
Reactions:
simulacrae and Rochester