PeteACarter
P
Aug 2, 2019
#10,161
Thatchinho said:
It's on you to ensure that what you post is correct. I have no reason to think you're incapable of doing that. It therefore appears that you just didn't bother.

You were not just saying things, at points you were shouting them.

I apologise.

Here's the situation.





That some of those things were wrong is clear from things that have been in the news over the last few years. Now you might have missed that stuff. That's fair. However, some fact checking would have

What I said was as a result of exasperation at seeing that happen, and knowing that other people were going to have to correct things for the benefit of others, when some fact checking could have avoided the incorrect stuff being posted in the first place.

Having said that, my reply was ill toned and misjudged. I actually thought I had thought better of posting it, and was rather dismayed to wake up in the morning to find that I had apparently nevertheless had.

It was not my intent to belittle you. Part of the exasperation was that correcting stuff in a belittling way is easy, but correcting stuff without doing it in a belittling way can be a lot of hard work.

Hmm, not sure we can quite say that. According to Rafe Zetter, Jason had found evidence for the real existence of Raxxla. That doesn’t necessarily mean he’d found anything to provide the location. Rafe also says that Jason had come back to get a proper team together, but doesn’t specify the nature of that team. It could be an assault team, a science team, an archaeological team, etc, etc. As is the norm we just don’t know.

Quote from TDW below:



That’s from the end of the Novella. Pretty sure there isn’t anything that goes into more specifics anywhere else in there. Haven’t checked exhaustively though, so could be wrong!
Click to expand...
I don't mean to be awkward, but I don't quite understand what part of what @Scytale said, we cant quite say? Could you clarify?
Non-scoopables aren't explored as thoroughly as other systems - I feel thats a fairly safe assumption. They are normally populated with a few boring ice worlds.
Long trek through non-scoopables would be good obfuscation - I don't see how you could disagree with that?
Jason returned to prepare for an expedition to Raxxla. That is the same thing, in different words, as "to get a proper team together" isnt it?
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420