CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 27, 2023
#32,761
I come bearing news: Rochester's idea that the lost realms and underworld are immensely important seems to have merit. This hint comes from TDW novella itself. Specifically, we are looking for Xezaor which is 19 lightyears from Cirag. Cirag potentially being one of the stargates from "Tour of The Universe" - Cirax.
Xezaor per the old maps of Galaxy 1 is out past GalCenter G1 region in the opposite direction of Lave. The first confirmation is Vetitice which has since been revealed as Facece based upon Jaques building Peter's Base. This puts the search area directly in the underworld region. Xezaor was an older star with and industrial economy. The planet is apparently close-ish. We are looking for a tourist Coriolis.

Out of Witch-Space: the dizziness, the slight shudder, the brief disorientation. Ahead of them, the distant, red-blue disc of the planet Xezaor was only slightly brighter than the gleaming field of stars around. The planet’s sun was dim and very close by. It glowed red. A dying star, as the world ahead of them was a dying world, a cooling world, a world whose wealth and industrial development could not hold back the process of Galactic ageing. Xezaor was a world where luxuries and warmth meant everything, now, and Shanaskilk fur, with the multiple heads still intact, would fetch a high price.
...
A Coriolis station is nothing less than a vast city built on six planes and spread, around the wide empty sky of its interior, facing inwards. From South City, the roof on the world is North City. At night, the lights that glow above your head are the lights of streets and buildings.

Alex checked out of the ship’s berth and took a sky taxi across the void. The tiny automatic ship slid delicately and smoothly between the incoming and outgoing ships. Alex watched in fascination as the towering buildings of South City dropped away below and the grey sky edged closer. To his left, he could see the pattern of streets and parklands on the inhabited plane known as Commander City. Facing the entrance to the station, on that particular level lived the high ranking officials and various planetary envoys and ambassadors. They enjoyed a landscape which included lakes, rivers and ski-slopes with real snow.
Attachments
OOmap_G1.pdf
1.8 MB · Views: 145