CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 27, 2023
#32,770
Louis Calvert said:
In all the games so far, our ability to travel FTL between stars is entirely controlled by the mapping software.

In Elite Dangerous, as we all know, that's Galmap.

Losing an entire star system would be as easy as just not including it in Galmap, even if it's there, we wouldn't be able to ever reach it.

Whoever controls Galmap controls the (human) galaxy, fundamentally... and covertly.
You act like we don't know who has the keys . Look no further than Sirius Corporation (reverse engineered drives in Sol), Saud Kruger (developed shipboard interface via subsidiary Astrogator - all ship manufacturers use this interface), and Achilles Corporation (developed station interface and CMDR interfaces in concourses and settlements). Sirius Corporation and Achilles Corporation jointly developed navigation lock software.

The fact Quirium appears to be merely Hydrogen fuel doesn't really alter culpability here. If you have doubts, kindly explain why Sirius Corporation has the closest colonies to Polaris.

Vodel Corporation is probably in on it, too, as developing Scarab and Scorpion SRVs would have required working with: Sirius Corporation (SRV -> Ship comms), Saud Kruger (interface development), and Achilles Corporation (middle-ware layers that work with comms, stations, settlements, installations, etc.).

Also, if you are a carrier owner you do the bidding of the big three corporations and Vodel. Go to camera suite and look at what you haul.

A lot of this is based on The Antares Liner which was a modified version of the Beluga from Saud Kruger. This pretty much implied that Sirius Corporation and Saud Kruger (or some earlier version of Hassan-Kruger and Astrogator) were working together. Additionally, this may account for persistent rumors of Raxxla migrating around the galaxy. Note: The first event happened on Christmas Eve, 2286.

P.S. - The jump between systems very much resembles an eye winking.


Last edited: Dec 27, 2023