CMDR Zulu
Dec 10, 2020
#19,974
Jorki Rasalas said:
Incidentally, (just been browsing while waiting 20 minutes for todays update!) reading the summary of AMA III thread and one question stood out:

"In the Codex, it says that the Guardian sites were found as a result of Halsey's visions. However in reality, they were found via images in a trailer. At the time, it was said that there had been something planned for how they were going to be found but that got cut off due to them being found via the trailer. Does the Codex version represent what should have happened rather than what did?

This is BEFORE my time but I would suggest that CODEX is the correct narrative"

So, if Halsey's visions supposed to be the way Guardians were found.. then they are the "infinitiely small but infinitely large" caretakers of the galaxy (or similar phrasing, see her speechh on Galnet), so it seems she encountered somehow their AI Constructs (or disembodied Guardians are still around) via the guardian comms network. did she do this??
Click to expand...
You’re probably already aware of this but for others...in the Codex under Guardian information the tab labeled “Human Guardian Interaction” (or something to that effect) goes into Halsey’s visions. So there does seem to be some unverified evidence of a connection between Halsey and Guardians, at least According to the codex.

Just to add some weight to your claim that Halsey was indeed describing something Guardian related in her visions.

The How? Is the hard part. It brings us back to the Starship One disaster and all the dead ends or coverups involved with that. Part of me feels we’ve missed something there. Something perhaps repeatable and the fact that it’s still being brought up after so many years even after the Galnet revamp and the removal of articles that have no in game components.

The question is what was missed? The Club revealed the Guardian ruins to us already so why so much mystery regarding what she saw, unless the ruins were a purposeful distraction.

Back to reading I guess.
Reactions:
Fiera, Dr. Lexus, Han_Zen and 1 other person