Jorki Rasalas
Dec 9, 2020
#19,970
Eeka said:
Dear CMDRs, thank you for the information. o7

My return into the Raxxla quest will be with Ram Tah then.

The reason i'm asking you about guardian is that it makes more sense to believe that Raxxla is an artificial thing than a natural one. If it was natural we probably would have more than one so said 'Raxxla' phenomenon around the galaxy as we have other rare/uncommon oddities that have been figured out already. If it is artificial, it cannot be human made, because its information would've been leaked along the history so it must be alien, in this line of thought. Please note that i dont intend to bring the truth here, this is just the hypothesis i'll be working on.

If it's Alien, either it is thargoid origin or guardian, since those are the only known intelligent species so far. I don't know much about them to distinguish which one could be more relatable but i'm up to start working on that. Thargoids came from other galaxy if i recall correctly and guardians were killed by their own lost AI (since we see no signs of it around), yet they had incredible/mystic technology.

Does that make sense to you guys? Have you worked in this trend before? I've been reading the later posts, with a lot of discussion about guardians so that idea came to me.

o7
Click to expand...
Yes, I'd agree with that hypothesis. Canon website is the shortcut to get the info, but if you want immershun then Ram Tah missions are the way to go. I also think Raxxla is likely to be Guardian, just because I think they were more human-like than goids and so more likely to name something, though might also relate to/be named by their AI. Goids just seem to incorporate and adapt extant life into their technology, we haven't found any "made by" or "Kilroy was 'ere" signs on any of their tech! Unless Raxxla is the Goid Queen of Queens!

Don't think that bit about goids coming from another galaxy is now canon lore (but willing to be corrected)
Last edited: Dec 9, 2020
Reactions:
CMDR Deano The Imperial, Eeka and [PS4] Filthymick420