Thatchinho
Dec 9, 2020
#19,973
Jorki Rasalas said:
Incidentally, (just been browsing while waiting 20 minutes for todays update!) reading the summary of AMA III thread and one question stood out:

"In the Codex, it says that the Guardian sites were found as a result of Halsey's visions. However in reality, they were found via images in a trailer. At the time, it was said that there had been something planned for how they were going to be found but that got cut off due to them being found via the trailer. Does the Codex version represent what should have happened rather than what did?

This is BEFORE my time but I would suggest that CODEX is the correct narrative"

So, if Halsey's visions supposed to be the way Guardians were found.. then they are the "infinitiely small but infinitely large" caretakers of the galaxy (or similar phrasing, see her speechh on Galnet), so it seems she encountered somehow their AI Constructs (or disembodied Guardians are still around) via the guardian comms network. did she do this??
Click to expand...
Now who would ask a question like that?!

Anyway, the rationale for the idea from ages back that it was Guardian descendants that Halsey encountered still stands and potentially answers things.

That was based on the Guardians having nearly reached a bio-AI singularity with exponentially increasing development until the violent backlash from those who weren’t part of it.

The Guardians involved were exiled and are fate unknown. It’s not known if any AI went with them. The more general AI are also fate unknown. It’s worth noting though that one of a couple of major principles the Guardians had for their AI (at least in the early days) was that the AI’s were designed to be responsible for their own ongoing development.

Take all that and extrapolate by 2 Million years.

What Halsey described encountering was the only match that had been mentioned in the game. And it’s a very good match - a lot of deep rooted aspects of Guardian culture are reflected in the descriptions of what Halsey encountered.

There’s certainly an implication of a form of transcendence (of original physical forms at least). I think it’s also worth crossreferencing the descriptions of the blue nanotech fluid at the Guardian sites with the ‘tiny yet gargantuan’ description, particularly when an ‘extrapolate by 2 Million years’ is applied to the description of the fluid.

Anyway, long story short, I don’t think there’s any need to invoke access to the Guardians comms network as a necessary step for communication.

Several possibilities for consideration:

- many people have direct brain implants. That could be the comms path. They’re supposed to be unhackable, but the Gan Romero incident shows that being unhackable might not be quite the barrier it sounds.

- could be direct mind manipulation. It’s very sci-fi but then so’s a lot of other stuff, so it’s definitely not an absolute no-no, plus the Gan Romero articles endorse the possibility (though that could still actually potentially be through the brain implant route and the journalist, so to speak, just didn’t consider it.)

- we’ve been using the Guardian comms network for ages. Certainly there’s hints - the patterns of triangles (they’re even in the newsletter now in a very Guardian-esque fashion). We also know nothing about how our FTL comms are actually provided. But there’s things like the Mars relic, and the permit lock of the Regor Sector.

- it wasn’t the Guardian descendants at all. Halsey was mind edited by others. The Club, CIEP, TDW, the Thargs. (Plausible motives exist for all of them to do what they in essence did - direct the public to the Guardian sites and Guardian tech.)

Also, sorry I’ve not replied to your Discord message yet bud, I’m not really using it much at the moment (not been on the forums much either - bit of an interlude for the AMA today, having pretty much missed the other ones).
Reactions:
Fiera, Dr. Lexus, Han_Zen and 3 others