RaNaketh
Dec 10, 2020
#19,975
Jorki Rasalas said:
Someone raised Halsey’s last journey on Starship One, which had a rather mysterious element. Just checking back through Galnet & found:
Community Goal: Jasmina Halsey Appeals for Exploration Data
Since being discharged from the medical centre at Leoniceno Orbital, former Federal president Jasmina Halsey has repeatedly spoken about the allegedly transcendent experiences she had while drifting through space. The former leader purports to have seen “the true architects of creation” and to...
news.galnet.fr
Then
(Don’t think that exploration data analysis was ever revealed-suspicious!)

Before the journey started we heard she was to visit several systems that included:Hip 53688, Tinia, Aleumoxii, 78 Ursae Majoris, Dietri, Su, Furuhjelm I-645, Saga, Delphin, Nanomam, Coriccha and Ross 860.
The sabotage occured before she reached Saga.
Now I remember a post that Starship One had made an unscheduled secret diversion before the crash, and I seem to remember a diagram (@ Simulacrae??) of her route, but I couldn't find either in a Galnet search under Halsey or Starship One search phrases. Maybe the diagram is on my gaming PC-will look tomorrow.

The search for her wreckage was concentrated on Lyncis Sector, and in particular on the ON-T B3-1, ON-T B3-2, ON-T B3-3, ON-T B3-4 and ST-R B4-3 1 systems ()

“Weird pulsating alien things” (presumably UA/TS) had been found before the incident- was the sabotage in order to delay knowledge of Thargoids getting out? () and
Federation ships had been transporting the artefacts through populated space ()

We now know that the ship was sabotaged (The Club?) on the instigation of Admiral Vincent. But there was a strange contender in the search for the wreckage-The Club or Empire or Winters?
“Daurtu Jet Comms PLC, an organisation about which very little is known” () was the other search CG backer.

There was also an intimation that unseen forces were at work manipulating events for some hidden motives (The Club!?)

Reporter Elaine Boyd investigated the incident before committing suicide
She had asked for (but was refused) information on a collision where investigators were killed
Click to expand...

Two curious things I've stumbled across in random investigation recently that perhaps others might be able to slot into their investigations:

1. I was just investigating tip-off missions et al in relation to Guardian Beacons, Ram Tah, and possible methods to obtain a DW invite using in-game statistics/metrics. And I stumbled upon a post by Dominic Corner indicating there were select missions that you had to be Elite to actually get? I've only seen missions that we're recommended rank? Has anyone seen one of these?

"This is how it currently works. (With the exception of a few missions that have a minimum rank of Elite)."

Should Missions now be Rank locked again?
I'd like to see the ability to take lower-ranked combat missions (for example), even as a higher-ranked player. I'm trying to help a new player get some experience with these types of missions. Since this player has shied away from these missions, he has no good idea for which one to select on...
forums.frontier.co.uk

2. Jorki's post above made me dredge up ancient history a bit, but found it interesting that the Coat of Arms for Furuhjelm has a tree in it (didn't Michael Brookes have a thing for trees?) and this was the last stop before Starship One's had a mis-jump?

Deliberate or Coincidence?

SPOILER: FURUHJELM - COAT OF ARMS

SPOILER: BROOKES' TREE T-SHIRT

Fly Dangerously,
/ Ra
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, Jorki Rasalas and [PS4] Filthymick420