Jorki Rasalas
Dec 10, 2020
#19,978
CMDR Zulu said:
You’re probably already aware of this but for others...in the Codex under Guardian information the tab labeled “Human Guardian Interaction” (or something to that effect) goes into Halsey’s visions. So there does seem to be some unverified evidence of a connection between Halsey and Guardians, at least According to the codex.

Just to add some weight to your claim that Halsey was indeed describing something Guardian related in her visions.

The How? Is the hard part. It brings us back to the Starship One disaster and all the dead ends or coverups involved with that. Part of me feels we’ve missed something there. Something perhaps repeatable and the fact that it’s still being brought up after so many years even after the Galnet revamp and the removal of articles that have no in game components.

The question is what was missed? The Club revealed the Guardian ruins to us already so why so much mystery regarding what she saw, unless the ruins were a purposeful distraction.

Back to reading I guess.
Click to expand...

Wasn’t my claim-the point of my post was that FD seem to be confirming the hypothesis. Thatchinho & others have hypothesised this for a while and it seems likely from the Codex putting Halsey’s revelations in as human-guardian interaction.

It was specifically the mechanism for Halsey’s experience that intrigued me. “Tiny yet gargantuan” caretakers of the galaxy and guardian-related; this sounds to me exactly like the blue “fireflies” that “escape” from barnacles, UA/Thargoid sensors etc. Which perhaps implies Thargoids came across guardian AI and incorporated them into their technologies, but these Guardian “motes” still have independent abilities, purpose, etc. “Caretakers of the Galaxy” implies some specific purpose.

Edit: and are we sure that “The Club revealed the Guardian ruins to us” ?? How do we know this?? I think it’s been hypothesised but I’ve seen no supporting evidence. It may be true, but it may not...

Edit2: those fireflies have intrigued ever since I first saw them five years back, they seem to have a purpose!
Last edited: Dec 10, 2020
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and Dr. Lexus