Jorki Rasalas
Dec 10, 2020
#19,979
RaNaketh said:
Two curious things I've stumbled across in random investigation recently that perhaps others might be able to slot into their investigations:

1. I was just investigating tip-off missions et al in relation to Guardian Beacons, Ram Tah, and possible methods to obtain a DW invite using in-game statistics/metrics. And I stumbled upon a post by Dominic Corner indicating there were select missions that you had to be Elite to actually get? I've only seen missions that we're recommended rank? Has anyone seen one of these?

"This is how it currently works. (With the exception of a few missions that have a minimum rank of Elite)."


2. Jorki's post above made me dredge up ancient history a bit, but found it interesting that the Coat of Arms for Furuhjelm has a tree in it (didn't Michael Brookes have a thing for trees?) and this was the last stop before Starship One's had a mis-jump?

Deliberate or Coincidence?



Fly Dangerously,
/ Ra
Click to expand...

Excellent spot! (But where did you find that coat of arms? In-game?? Late breakfast, headcold starting, coffee not working yet...)

It might well suggest that the reason for Halsey’s secret route change was guardian-related, and perhaps strengthens my suspicion that the “secret diversion to Azaleach” was misdirection- perhaps by the Club who seem to have instigated her assassination. Perhaps the secret is in/near I’ve already remarked that the route she took is not the straight line/shortest, which itself seems suspicious.

I think Dominic Corner’s comment about elite missions was made before the SD missions disappeared, but could be wrong-someone can check on the FD quotes thread, definitely got a cold hovering & not quite “with it”.

It could also be that those SD elite missions were rewritten, perhaps as part of a more explicit TDW storyline and nobody has yet attained membership. Tyko has decided to pull his finger out & get back to SD to test out my current DW hypothesis, arthritic thumbs and RL permitting.
Last edited: Dec 10, 2020
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and Dr. Lexus