Rochester
Jan 1, 2024
#32,811
Louis Calvert said:
Not sure if you know, but Shibboleth is the system featured in the official novel Nemorensis. I assume it's the author's custom system, same as Peregrina, Soontil, etc. There's a section where one of the characters goes into detail about Shibboleth (there's an animal living on the world called the Shibbolethi), the plot gets there about the half-way mark. The Book title links to the whole thing, etc. Not sure if that helps


Yeah, I think it's literally showing us the Omphalos Rift location. My assumption is that once we get there we'll be able to line up the location and see the same view 'for real'

If we'd found this way back when, before the new scanning systems we'd have to Mk I eyeball the landscape right? This is what we'd be looking for. Maybe we still need to even now we have new planet-scanning tools!
Click to expand...
That’s brilliant I did not know that. That changes things somewhat.

I already was suspicious of Shibboleth as Cannon related it was linked to a player Galnet story as well.

I found shibboleth fascinating because of its separate link to the Finnish story of the Sampo, and the system Ahti, which does draw a very nice line of association between certain other systems.

I’ve long wanted these systems to have some greater relevance but ignorance my biases out of the desire for these patterns to fit I think has blinded me.

Based now on the Shibboleths artificial insertion, as part of at least two player fictions, I conclude it’s now irrelevant.

Ignoring Shibboleths entirely then my ‘Mountain’ theory still holds up to a certain degree, granted it doesn’t effectively lead us anywhere as there still exists gap’s between this concept - of a passage in a mystical mountain, tied to the Celtic Otherworld or Gilgamesh, there is nothing in the Codex to ascribe to this presently either I feel…

On its own we need consider the landscape signal may just be an historical artefact, it may certainly point to Raxxla, but whose to say that clue is up to date? We know the original path was changed…

My assumption was does it try and tell us to look at the story of Gilgamesh…

But listening to the Galaxy it’s evident various radio sources exist from various points of interest, I suspect your correct in that there may be alternate signals which need to be compared in conjunction.

The fact that the signal does not originate from an actual system I long suspect means it’s not a homing beacon, at most it’s window dressing, to entice people into the void, but yes certainly those voices singing certainly advertises that there is some additional purpose to it, as you’ve elaborated - a carrier signal.
Last edited: Jan 1, 2024
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian