yelboc
Aug 29, 2019
#11,531
drew said:
I really don't know what to think nowadays to be honest. I've always been enthusiastic about the background lore of Elite and have always stressed how important I thought it was. Michael Brooks certainly shared that view in the formative years. Since his departure from ED (though not from Frontier) that importance seems to have waned.

I would love to think that there is a puzzle about Raxxla baked into the game and based on the 'old lore' of Elite, but my faith in that is waning after all this time.

For example. To me, the cornerstone of Elite lore is the Tionisla Orbital Graveyard, promised in v2.2 of ED. It never materialised then and hasn't been mentioned since. The TOGY is where Elite 'starts' from a lore perspective. To have it 'not exist' in game is rather like a LOTR game having Gondor but no Minas Tirith, or a Star Wars game having Tatooine but no Mos Eisley. It's an iconic location for Elite.

That absence suggests to me that the lore doesn't have the continuance from the original games I would have liked to have seen and that the lore became less important (or perhaps de-prioritised) from around that version of ED. Since then the storytelling emphasis has been on 'personal narrative', which is something of a non-sequitor to my way of thinking.

I suspect Raxxla will either be done as a end-game 'hurrah' in a few years time, or it will be 'the journey' we were all on, or some such. Perhaps it will be part of the 2020 update. Your guess is as good as mine.

TL;DR - Not sure. Suspect there isn't one, atleast at the moment.

Cheers,

Drew.
Click to expand...

Good to hear from you on this Drew, and I agree with what you've said about the need for deeper narrative in the game. ED's depth is what sets it apart. Without the back story and the continued lore, its just a space shoot-em -up.

Maybe FD have done their marketing and truly believe there is more profit to be made from pew-pew than from adventuring. Maybe they are right - the number of people interested in finding R. compared with the number of aspiring gankers... However, if this is FD's thrust, I won't be stumping up for 2020...
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, JulesD and PeteACarter