Rochester
Sep 5, 2023
#31,504
Rochester said:
This has been something I’ve found difficult as well, as someone who has read Milton .

I had seen ‘Fall’ previously, but ignored it historically because I could not attribute a link, this is how I discovered the Underworld and Lost Realms, because I was looking for PL links…

I do presume there ought to be more in game… there is a weird balance in game, for instance, most of the Greek mythological systems all seem to sit tightly on one side of the ‘Yggdrasil tree’.

On the opposite side (Fall to Pandemonium) there seems to be a void! Maybe there are more PL systems in this area?



In PL Lucifer did traverse certain named locations - his journey is very well documented: firstly out of hell there was Sinn and Deaths Bridge / Viaduct; he then set foot on the outer sphere close to the Paradise of Vanity (limbo / paradise of fools); then the waters above / the Jasper Sea, then the Golden Stairs (chain).

Then the great opening between the spheres; then down through the stars and ‘other Eden’s’; down through the constellation Ophiuchus then setting foot on the surface of our sun; then to earth and a particular mountain., where he hid his spear!

‘Incens'd with indignation Satan stood unterrify'd, and like a comet burn'd that fires the length of Ophiuchus huge in th' arctic sky, and from his horrid hair shakes pestilence and war’ - John Milton Paradise Lost.

Following on from the identification of ‘Fall’ and ‘Pandemonium’ being in alignment with Demeter and Persephone, the image below shows the constellation Ophiuchus (white) in relation to the fall (set against Yggdrasil for context).

The quote above describes Lucifers decent from heavens stairs (golden chain) through the spheres towards Eden, passing across the constellation Ophiuchus (Interesting side note, it’s believed this was in relation to a real comet viewed during the time of Milton).

The constellation in game, is in my opinion, within such a close correlation with the path of the fall, that this could be intentional, potentially confirming the alignment.

Again if this is correct, this and all the other elements, shows an ‘immense’ level of detail committed to the game. Personally as someone with GIS training, this is not inconceivable, all one needs is a good ‘spreadsheet’.

Again if this is true it’s a work of art - Bravo Michael Brookes, bravo. O7.
Last edited: Sep 6, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian