Darrack
Sep 6, 2023
#31,511
Jorki Rasalas said:
Following on from my last post I thought it only fair if I provide my notes on the “tattoo as a map” idea...maybe fresh “eyes to see” might come up with better ideas!

The tattoo pic comes from his website: http://thecultofme.blogspot.com/2015_03_01_archive.html

and the forum Canonn thread https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/ua-mystery-thread-4-the-canonn.195658/page-104#post-3111550



There's Charon on his boat over the Acheron (or Styx) river in front of the door to Hell, Angels playing trumpets over the gates to Heaven.

My son (a Lovecraft fan) said It's not the main Cthulhu story, apart from a tentacled thing bottom right.



Scytale said “Not Cthulhu himself who appears, but Hastur the Unspeakable, jumping out of Carcosa, Aldebaran,with his servant Byaykhees.Some differences between the drawing and the actual tattoo he shows are because it wasn't fully finished when the pic was taken, I think. You can see the St Michael flamigera sword blade not yet drawn. And the trumpet-angel above him is wingless. The keyis on the upper left corner, at the entrance of the Underworld. Where it has to be inserted ? Oh, right ! It isn't on the actual tattoo !”...Hadesis right at his place as King of The Underworld. Not really mixed, as upper left quadrant is Greek, center is Norse, lower right Lovecraftian, upper right is Christian or... what?



serpents lie beneath Yggdrasil: Góinn and Móinn (sons of: Grafvitnir , Grábakr , Grafvölluðr , Ófnir , and Sváfnir?). Three of the roots of the tree support it, and these three roots also extend extremely far: one "is among the , the second among the frost jötnar, and the third over . The root over Niflheim is gnawed at by the wyrm , and beneath this root is the spring . Beneath the root that reaches the frost jötnar is the well , "which has wisdom and intelligence contained in it, and the master of the well is called ". the third root of the well "extends to heaven" and that beneath the root is the "very holy" well . every day the Æsir ride to Urðarbrunnr up over the bridge .



The conception of the tree rising through a number of worlds is found in northern Eurasia and forms part of the shamanic lore shared by many peoples of this region. This seems to be a very ancient conception, perhaps based on the , the centre of the heavens, and the image of the central tree in Scandinavia may have been influenced by it.... Among shamans, a central tree may be used as a ladder to ascend the heavens. , Hebrew for "tree of life," is a common term used in Judaism. In the Book of Proverbs, the tree of life is associated with . In the 2009 video game , the tree of life is found within ; the setting of the game's climax.



Going by Scytale’s numbering (in-game location):



(The artist was Luciana Nedelea. upper left quadrant is Greek, center is Norse, lower right Lovecraftian, upper right is Christian)

Han_Zen

said “Michael is Aldebaran, Raphael is Regulus, Uriel is Antares and Gabriel is Fomalhaut”; The four royal stars of Persia. They marked north, south, east and west. Later linked with archangels.

ALSO Omphalos is apparently also a place in Crete, near the Triton river. Infant Zeus supposedly dropped his navel (umbilical cord) there.

1 Triton, Dis Pater, Orcus, Pluto

2 Charon, Erebus, Lethe

3 Styx, Acheron

4 Tartarus,Sheol

5 Ammutseba, Mbombo, Bumba, Tzitzimitl

6 Nidhogg/Nidhug, Shaikoth

7 ?

8 Lucifer, Carcosa, Cthulhu, Hastur, Byakh,

8a ?

8b ?

8c ?

8d ?

9 Uriel

10 Michael

11 Niohaggr, Nidhug

12 Valkerie, Harpy, Celaeno

13 Odin, Adam, Ask, Wotan

14 Gna, Eve, Embla, Frigg

15 Yggdrasil

16 Phanuel(aka Paniel, Peniel, Penuel, Fanuel, Orfiel, and Orphiel), Aziraphale

17 Alpha Centauri

18 Paradise, Eden

19 Polaris?? Proxima Centauri/Eden

20 Gabriel



If i ignored knowing anything about MB and Elite and just looked at this picture (i have lots of tattoos myself) it is pretty much the sort of things i have, a mixture of cultures.
Depending on where you look and possibly your beliefs you can see and interpret anything you want.
The tree can mean many things, pagans its the tree of life, Christians the tree in the garden, just like the figure 7 can be seen carrying a burden (ie christ) or just being oppressed.
The 'Dragons' (6&8) look Oriental and dont necessarily fit the theme above but again my artwork is the same, my early stuff centered around Bikes,Girls and Mythology, later i had a lot of dragons and Japanese themes added when i studied Kyokushin in Japan and eventually a ton of band stuff when i became involved in tour and event security.
i think there is only one person to decipher this and unfortunalky hes no longer with us.

O7
Reactions:
simulacrae