D7
D
Feb 10, 2024
#33,338
Ian Doncaster said:
Provided you're willing to take a certain definition of what counts as a "planet" which would have been current when Holdstock was writing, there's a really obvious candidate for which system they mean, of course.


This is something which it's really difficult to find any evidence for.

It was apparently said in 2017, but the earliest reference I can find to it (and that one someone stating that they can't find any evidence of it being true) is in mid-2019. Other comments from around that time disagree on where and when it was said.

Searching in 2017 I can't find any evidence of anyone mentioning it at the time - which you'd think, given how important a clue to Raxxla it might be - someone would have. If you can find a reference to it (even just as a "I've heard they said") before May 2019 that would be really useful to at least narrow down where this rumour came from!

What I did find in 2017 were three other things:
1) Verifiable comments from Frontier that paraphrase as "Raxxla is in the game and we know where it is"
2) A claim - never verified and presumed false - from a player to have found Raxxla, in a system which had already had its star discovered (which in the context of 2017, means not just honked but face-scanned)
3) Outside of that claim, plenty of player speculation that someone have passed through the system without spotting it - but no-one making this speculation says that they heard anyone at Frontier suggest it.
Given a couple of years it's plausible that someone in 2019 might have merged at least the first two in their memory.



Even if it was true I'd agree that it doesn't necessarily mean that Raxxla is anywhere near Sol and if anything suggests the opposite is most likely:
- by mid-2017, the galaxy had been quite substantially - if hardly systematically - searched by explorers.
- there are around 100,000 systems including uninhabited ones in the approximate "bubble". There were a similar number of systems catalogued on EDSM in the Prua Phoe sector alone at that time (and EDSM appears to only track 1/3 to 1/4 of actual exploration)
- there are around 2 million systems in the entire Wregoe-Wredguia-Synuefe-Synuefai set of four sectors containing the bubble (many of which remained unvisited in 2017); from Frontier's official figures, there were probably around 70 million total visited systems at that point spread across the galaxy
- "honked but not scanned" would tend to imply "only one visitor so far" and therefore one of the more distant ones; it would also imply "and they'd have found it if they had scanned" which suggests it again can't have been anywhere revisited more thoroughly in the 7 years since.
Click to expand...

Yeah thanks for that background. So it's one of those deals where it cant be verified - which makes me very reluctant to buy-in. I would only say that IF this was true (honked but not discovered) then the chances of it being in the bubble are zero and certainly not in a 300-500 LY circle around Lave as DW suspects. Even if there are a few honked only systems in the bubble, the chances that the "Raxxla system" got lucky and just so happened to be one of the few is essentially zero. I personally think that if it was a true statement then Raxxla would have to be just outside the bubble. Even if it was discovered that would be a notch on a commanders gun but, it wouldn't be of any value beyond that. In order to function, Raxxla must require some sort of "pass" such as a being accepted by The Dark Wheel after gaining certain clues, artifacts, etc... So perhaps, while everyone is looking for Raxxla they should be hunting (so to speak) for the Dark Wheel? Or is it looking for Raxxla that gains the Dark Wheel's attention and brings them to you?
Last edited: Feb 10, 2024
Reactions:
LemingIrski and Quaero