CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Feb 10, 2024
#33,335
For historical
Rochester said:
Maybe it’s a state of conscious enlightenment!

Maybe it isn’t just one location, but an area of numerous systems, which together identify something esoteric.
I am going to go out on limb and say this may be closer to reality. Sol is just the place that proves it is real. In Sol there are artificial structures (some of which appear pyramidal) and artificial power sources. At least according to Alien World: A Complete Illustrated Guide, the components of Talmor Lens were built on airless rocky or ice worlds (but not exclusively). By the way, those artificial structures and power sources can be found thoughout the Bubble and you're more likely to see them in mythically named systems. Then there's stuff like Electricae which only exist on ice worlds with nobel gas atmospheres. That's an important detail because that implies they are artificial lifeforms. Their purpose is unknown but they appear to be biological power generators. Then there's the surface and orbital installations. These may well be components, too.



CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
It cannot be in Alliance territory.
The above implies this is possibly both true and false. TRUE in the sense that the proof it exists is where humans start - Sol in which the celestial bears are visible. However, FALSE in the sense that artificial power sources and artificial structures are in Alioth itself and other alliance worlds. Then you have (Oltiqu/Hope/Gateway). Hope is the first planet in Gateway. Gateway is connected to Veliaze myth and was needed to figure out its' exact whereabouts and current name. It was just Hope ran into reality and Ol' Currie station became New Chernobyl. Hope is unfortunately a dangerous thing. Additionally, Dream-ware and its' modern form Insight and Insight Entertainment is developed by Alliance with INRA. Stardreamer also came about through work with INRA. The modern form appears to be Holo-Me. See Dream-ware/Stardreamer timeline.
Last edited: Feb 10, 2024
Reactions:
Quaero and Darrack