Rochester
Sep 16, 2024
#34,842
Neestar said:
i'm hoping the only legit "hints" needed are within the CODEX and based strictly in-the-game. Sorry but i just find it very hard to believe some Developer ( or Developers ) consciously created such a tantalizingly mysterious carrot-on-a-stick for gamers to chase going on nearly 10 YEARS, only to have it require outside references ( books or whatever) to the point of near college level of external reading & homework.

Well is it all a question of perspective?

The whole context, potential attributed to the mystery, could likely be totally overblown by player perspective!

When this all began, one might speculate; to quote Brookes, supposed to be ‘a tiny bit obvious’. In so much as the very obvious older missions were essentially being very very obvious and we were supposed to - simply ‘follow the missions’ (to quote DB)?

But that ‘story’ (to qoute FD) was later made redundant (I speculate) when the missions were removed.

I speculate the Codex was therefore a redux or re-write.

But why not just fix it?

Well FD has a history of nerfing content not fixing it, they are not a huge company - relatively. There is SO much FD has cut from the game, and continued to cut, so it is not outside reason for them to just, turn them off.

Maybe the missions were overly reliant on Dev interaction; maybe it involved a total mechanical breakdown; maybe the player base was moving too fast; or there some internal issue. Potentially either way, maybe it simply was too time consuming to actually resolve, so did they opt for a quick easy fix?

We will never know.

So maybe these references to various texts, classics etc, originally, were not part of some contextual puzzle, but maybe just a homage to various influences?

But due to this miss-step, could this context have been misinterpreted by the audience, and than conflated and confused as the actual puzzle…. Maybe there probably never was one to begin with?!

We don’t know because… FD axed it!

Hypothetically then, we might be looking backwards, trying to make sense of a narrative path, which in actuality has a number of destroyed roads, dust coveted crossroads, and unbuilt bridges. It literally makes no sense because, it was unfinished.

However, I speculate the author/s could have been brought back in and they repurposed that architecture, and used it as a map, bringing together some of the key landmarks to provide us orientation?

The contextual references would still there but have possibly no greater relevance other than being a naming association?

You see my hypothesis is that maybe Brookes built a cosmological model in game, the intent that it served as an architecture for his narrative. Maybe the missions etc would have taken us around it.

There could also have been / or still is; an actual physical path to Raxxla, but maybe its something everyone is ignorant of, because a key part of the original context was historically lost and importantly probably no longer exists?

Case in point the ‘Garden design’,

So I speculate, the Codex intent might be to highlight certain key landmarks, to enable us to originate ourselves, and to ultimately find Raxxla whilst also uncovering that lost narrative, maybe that is now part of Raxxla or always has been, this concept of enlightenment, to truly understand the initial concept?

I suspect maybe we already know what that is, the core elements probably were repurposed into the current narrative, maybe even already explained via Ram Tah… but Raxxla is an archeological remnant of the original concept?

‘the Space in between’

But that’s speculation.

My point is, maybe it was never intended to be a complex puzzle, its just been interpreted as such because FD changed things, but never included us, and inadvertently (or intentionally) overinflated it due to poor communication.
Last edited: Sep 17, 2024
Reactions:
Ozric, Jorki Rasalas, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person