Noobilite
Aug 18, 2018
#3,248
SPOILER

It's interesting. One of those snakes has a beard.... And that star in front of the gate could be percieved as a mhole or raxxla as a gate going into heaven. Maybe that is the guardians escape like someone said.

I'm starting to wonder if this doesn't have to do with genetics. Notice there is someone we keep seeing is cloned over and over and keeps finding things. Rebecca cold be construed as being similar to Raxxla in a way(purposely contrived story bits. A bit obvious.). Maybe this cloned person is the key and keeps benig cloned in hopes they find the door and open it for whoever is controlling everything. They could have gotten genetic info frm the person who can open it and in the process killed them(maybe they found out and ran to hide it) and had to start resorting to this dna being cloned and replicated over and over in hopes they are born and find it for some reason. Possibly they don't know where it is and the clone is naturally drawn to it and they were previously frustrated in following them to the gate. Or the gate scans the mind and won't open if they know it's doing it for another group and not innocently.

Maybe the guardians created mankind and hid the key within the human population to hide it from anyone finding it to get into their gateway. Where they presumably went to hide during a war? Their heaven/haven?!

Looking at it again, it's more fair to say there are two stars and the gates are between them. So, either the gate is between to stars in space or we have a ghost busters situation here and we need to get the key into the gate... But who is the key and who is the gate?! This could go back to the whole cloning thing though.

What do the circles represent on the door? Are they related to the dark wheel?

There is also a person with a single bat/dragon wing with a single horn on their head. This could be a symbol for the one horned beast that uproots 3 horns in Revelation and in the old testament if I'm correct. Do the snakes represent the 10 heads of revelation or something. Or was it 7 heads? I think it was 7 heads and 10 horns/crowns.

Is it possible those two stars are a peter pan reference? What was the phrase about getting to neverland? "second star to the right, and straight on till morning"

If that is the case I guess it depends on which side he's laying on.... Assuming that tatoo is straight up and down.

This is actually very similar looking.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zKDIYyacpk
[video=youtube;-zKDIYyacpk]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zKDIYyacpk[/video]

I have a theory. Captain hook was actually peter pan.
Last edited: Aug 18, 2018
Reactions:
Scytale