Merlin StWahgwaan
May 23, 2020
#16,626
PeteACarter said:
Personally I'm double Elite. Master in combat. However I know there are a lot of 3xElite on here.

I think there is a good chance you need to be 3xElite to get the DW invite, but also a good chance 1xElite in any field would be enough.

In the old lore, there was only 1xElite rank - that of combat, but as TDW are supposed to be adventurers and treasure hunters, now that there are 3xElite ranks, there is a good possibility (in my opinion) they would be more interested in Explorer rank than combat.

There is also a chance that they are old school and would demand combat.

I personally believe, however, that to fit the criteria of "only a handful from each generation" there is something far above and beyond just Elite status. As many have been playing for 5 years (I've been playing for 2 years) have never reached the mark and got an invite (as far as we know) - it must be something pretty crazy.

FYI - The indication is TDW are LOOKING for Raxxla, which means they DON'T know where it is. But it would be great if they were close, and after getting an invite, they gave you a mission (like the old SD missions) to follow a lead, which lead to you finding it. (Not sure that would be a very good model in a multiplayer universe, but hey)
Click to expand...

Bassically I completely agree with you, same hope that any elite status would count, but Ive just been curious if any active raxxla hunters were Combat elite...

And im starting to try to examine everything from the begining again, starting with the poem and basic lore, to make sure I havnt missed anything, and just wanting to cover my bases.

One thing i've also been stuck on, is the Raxxla logo in the wiki and the TDW logo... I keep coming back to, they HAVE to MEAN somthing.

Now, the Raxxla logo, green background, 6 large outter blocks, 33? inner lines (from memory), 3 inner curves, 1 circle, center location..... LORD HELP ME, I have some many theories I cant even begin to figure out how to look each one up or investigate them throughly...

As for the Dark Wheel logo, its a whole ball of wax in and of itself... the ellite logo in the background is none specific, its not identical to the combat, exploration, or trade elite flags, none of the extra markings, so its no help, but does lend to the theory that any elite status should be sufficent... Then theres the dragon in a circle; I believe that is symbolic of the location of the station, as per this reference....
Source: https://imgur.com/gallery/iQ0RFpQ
......that the station is very close to its star, there by the station itself is very hot, and is in fact, the dragon itself... I keep going with the inner rings... no clues, could be orbital planes? 3 close clircles, again, no idea, might symoblize a tri-star system with all three stars trailing or chasing each other? or planets? again, im at a loss....

Anyways, its all conjecture and speculation and interpretation still, nothing is concrete..... lol I could just be the tin foil im using... or that I wrapped my house in it and have a Wifi6 AX router running, lol mmhmmm wonder if thats why I've been getting a tan inside :-/

But I think we need to re-examine "the tiny bit obvious", lore and context provided in game and out... Im positive the Raxxla logo is a map, but of what or to where is still unkown, a map to a system, or a map for within a system? makes a huge difference... just like with the files obtained for the thargoids, that required a spectograph, Im assumming there is somthing wee need to find or use to decifer this all, and its an outside the game tool or atleast, way of thinking....

anyways, i appear to be rambling lol
Reactions:
PeteACarter and Mrrshal