PeteACarter
P
May 22, 2020
#16,625
Merlin StWahgwaan said:
SO, I have a stupid question, is anyone on here, thats actively looking for Raxxla, at Elite Combat status?

I only ask becuase its been bugging me for a while, in the Lore it says that Jason Ryden was an Elite Combateer when he was assassinated. Well, maybe, and I hate to say this, just MAYBE, we need Elite Comabt ranking in order to be approched by the Dark Wheel. Now that said, we still have no proof TDW has found Raxxla or anything, but in order to join them, I think it requires elite combat rank and being approached by a member consealing their identy, gives you a mission, and if you complete it, you find out who they are for real.....

Thats jusst a theory ive had for a while, what does everyone else think? Any Elite Combat players on here? I have Elite Trade and Explorer, but not Combat... that ones going to take a while, already took 6 months to get these 2 and these are the easy ones, Combat requires finding ships and beating them, trade and exploration requires nothing but time really...
Click to expand...
Personally I'm double Elite. Master in combat. However I know there are a lot of 3xElite on here.

I think there is a good chance you need to be 3xElite to get the DW invite, but also a good chance 1xElite in any field would be enough.

In the old lore, there was only 1xElite rank - that of combat, but as TDW are supposed to be adventurers and treasure hunters, now that there are 3xElite ranks, there is a good possibility (in my opinion) they would be more interested in Explorer rank than combat.

There is also a chance that they are old school and would demand combat.

I personally believe, however, that to fit the criteria of "only a handful from each generation" there is something far above and beyond just Elite status. As many have been playing for 5 years (I've been playing for 2 years) have never reached the mark and got an invite (as far as we know) - it must be something pretty crazy.

FYI - The indication is TDW are LOOKING for Raxxla, which means they DON'T know where it is. But it would be great if they were close, and after getting an invite, they gave you a mission (like the old SD missions) to follow a lead, which lead to you finding it. (Not sure that would be a very good model in a multiplayer universe, but hey)
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum and [PS4] Filthymick420