Jorki Rasalas
May 23, 2020
#16,636
Merlin StWahgwaan said:
Bassically I completely agree with you, same hope that any elite status would count, but Ive just been curious if any active raxxla hunters were Combat elite...

<SNIP>
......that the station is very close to its star, there by the station itself is very hot, and is in fact, the dragon itself... I keep going with the inner rings... no clues, could be orbital planes? 3 close clircles, again, no idea, might symoblize a tri-star system with all three stars trailing or chasing each other? or planets? again, im at a loss....

Anyways, its all conjecture and speculation and interpretation still, nothing is concrete..... lol I could just be the tin foil im using... or that I wrapped my house in it and have a Wifi6 AX router running, lol mmhmmm wonder if thats why I've been getting a tan inside :-/

But I think we need to re-examine "the tiny bit obvious", lore and context provided in game and out... Im positive the Raxxla logo is a map, but of what or to where is still unkown, a map to a system, or a map for within a system? makes a huge difference... just like with the files obtained for the thargoids, that required a spectograph, Im assumming there is somthing wee need to find or use to decifer this all, and its an outside the game tool or atleast, way of thinking....

anyways, i appear to be rambling lol
Click to expand...

I made the push to triple elite over the last 3 months specifically to explore this hypothesis. Engineered a vette tank, visited a CNB near ShinDez and blasted away at Deadly/Elite targets until I got to Deadly. Then took a Krait EXO tank to Celaeno and killed an awful lot (1600) of goid scouts to get the third star. It is doable, but hard work on the wrists and thumbs (mine are still playing up). I have had one strange inbox data transfer delivery mission just after my third elite promotion where the transfer occurred in the toasty regions of a star, so then I became Allied with the mission giver but nothing else happened so gave up on that one.

In the original elite (I got that too) there was only Combat elite, and I’m not convinced FD would constrain themselves to the lore in that novella. I suspect only one star is needed, the point being that it gets you into ShinDez, but where/what the next step is currently eluding me.

The Dark Wheel emblem is fan fiction and not canon. Take no notice of it.

The codex pic of station/planet/star may/may not be a clue. It may be more DW misdirection; I am convinced “the 8th moon of a gas giant” is DW misdirection. FD have learnt how good people are at matching galactic features as a quick way to solve their mysteries, so I suspect this may be more misdirection. I do believe that the DW stealth station will not be instanced until a pilot has passed their disguised entrance test. The pic may have been made using the camera zoom function, which distorts the scale, or otherwise graphically manipulated by FD. The colour balance has been adjusted- you can compensate by examining the same aspect of Aulin Enterprise and adjust colour balance of a copy of the codex pic until the orange of of the rear station lights are identical. To me the resulting picture shows an M class subdwarf star. I have already pointed out the similarity to Proxima Centauri and planet Eden in a previous hypothesis of mine (search this thread for a post of mine using keywords Ygradasil or Milton).

But good luck in your searching. The fun of the Quest is coming up with hypotheses and investigating them for yourself; if nothing else it provides a storyline and purpose for gameplay! You can post your hypotheses here for comment (many have already been tested) or feedback, and may get some practical support in a multiplayer investigation. That’s what makes our community thread of Questors so great!
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, PeteACarter and [PS4] Filthymick420