Thatchinho
Apr 3, 2019
#7,212
CMDR Mister Dartay said:
Hello all! I'm new here but have been following the quest for Raxxla with a lot of interest for some years. I'm personally convinced that the DW must first be located before Raxxla can be found. Besides the many clues introduced with the DW codex entry, I think there's a chance that the current game title screen might hold clues. Although the main menu screen background was obviously composed in an unrealistic manner, I believe it still might refer to an actual location in-game.

A post was made on the ED subreddit concerning the approximate location of the title screen system. One of the comments pointed towards this thread, and linked an image that was posted here (I can't find the actual reply containing the image due to the forum revamp):

Now due to the tone of that comment, and the lack of discussion I found after searching "menu" in this thread, I assume no one was able to guess an approximate location.

However, about 13 hours ago





Since u/Eudu didn't report his findings here yet I took it upon myself to post them here and credit him/her.

Do you guys think this information will bring us closer to finding an approximate location for the system shown in the game menu? And if yes, what do you think we might find there?
Click to expand...
Had a quick look at the Crux idea.

The issue is that the stars in the Crux form 3 layers of parallax. From Earth what we have is:
Near - Gacrux
Middle - Epsilon Crucis
Far - Acrux, Becrux, Delta Crucis
(Using the in-game names there to save anyone else the hassle of having to try the various options! )

Anyway what that means is that because Epsilon Crucis is in the middle layer, any change in your location to try to move the apparent position of Epsilon Crucis relative to the other stars will result in a bigger change in apparent position of the 'Near' layer, and so one of the other stars (Gacrux), and the shape of the constellation will be lost.

(The same principle also applies if trying to recreate the shape using the same stars from the other side, but obviously which are in the near layer and which are in the far layer is reversed.)

Hope that all makes sense. If it doesn't, just go into the game, bookmark the stars in the constellation, and try to move in a way that changes just the position of Epsilon Crucis, and it should make it clear. o7