Jorki Rasalas
Apr 3, 2019
#7,219
CMDR Mister Dartay said:
Hello all! I'm new here but have been following the quest for Raxxla with a lot of interest for some years. I'm personally convinced that the DW must first be located before Raxxla can be found. Besides the many clues introduced with the DW codex entry, I think there's a chance that the current game title screen might hold clues. Although the main menu screen background was obviously composed in an unrealistic manner, I believe it still might refer to an actual location in-game.

A post was made on the ED subreddit concerning the approximate location of the title screen system. One of the comments pointed towards this thread, and linked an image that was posted here (I can't find the actual reply containing the image due to the forum revamp):

Now due to the tone of that comment, and the lack of discussion I found after searching "menu" in this thread, I assume no one was able to guess an approximate location.

However, about 13 hours ago





Since u/Eudu didn't report his findings here yet I took it upon myself to post them here and credit him/her.

Do you guys think this information will bring us closer to finding an approximate location for the system shown in the game menu? And if yes, what do you think we might find there?
Click to expand...

Welcome to Insanity Central (Raxxla Department)!
I have hypothesised several times on this thread that that screen image may represent Raxxla. I think what you are looking for is:
Cmdr Lachann: https://forums.frontier.co.uk/showt...-Find-Raxxla?p=7377491&viewfull=1#post7377491
i suspect, looking at the “three galaxies” in shot, possibilities (from drkaii’s in-game list) are: ngc 147 & 185, triangulum, WLM, ngc 3109, ngc 6946, ngc 6942, ngc 5985.

However the original annotations were apparently guesstimates & not proven, so I think it’s all up for grabs.

It may also be possible that this image may be a hint but not an accurate representation of Raxxla-I wouldn’t be surprised if Raxxla turns out to be an alien station (maybe Guardian, since that would fit with the game lore) or an early Galcop version of the Orbis which has apparently been around for centuries: https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Orbis
Reactions:
Six6VI, Rochester and Dartay