CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 12, 2024
#33,853
El Saico said:
Queen Dido, the legendary founder of Carthage, falls in love with him at one point - but gets reminded of his duty and leaves her, the lover's woe getting so unbearable that she commits suicide in a funeral pyre
From Wikipedia entry on Dido:
Dido (/ˈdaɪdoʊ/ DY-doh; Ancient Greek: Διδώ Greek pronunciation: [diː.dɔ̌ː], Latin pronunciation: [ˈdiːdoː]), also known as Elissa (/əˈlɪsə/ ə-LISS-ə, Ἔλισσα),[1] was the legendary founder and first queen of the Phoenician city-state of Carthage (located in Tunisia), in 814 BC. In most accounts, she was the queen of the Phoenician city-state of Tyre (located in Lebanon) who fled tyranny to found her own city in northwest Africa. Known only through ancient Greek and Roman sources, all of which were written well after Carthage's founding, her historicity remains uncertain. The oldest references to Dido are attributed to Timaeus, who was active around 300 BC, about five centuries after the date given for the foundation of Carthage.

Port Elissa in Carthage - station | Elite:Dangerous | INARA
The companion site for Elite:Dangerous with the game database, market data, trade routes, outfitting, engineers, blueprints, crafting, Thargoid war, squadrons, logbooks, galleries, galaxy information and much more...
inara.cz
Carthage - star system | Elite:Dangerous | INARA
The companion site for Elite:Dangerous with the game database, market data, trade routes, outfitting, engineers, blueprints, crafting, Thargoid war, squadrons, logbooks, galleries, galaxy information and much more...
inara.cz

Is there a chance that this is a reference to Elyssia Fields from the TDW novella? Especially given Elissa is so very similar to Elyssia. Yes, I realize it is reference Elyssian Fields.

‘Who are you?’ Alex asked, irritated by her levity and keen to find out why Rafe Zetter had summoned him here? Where was the old man?

‘Trader Fields’, she said, and touched the heel of her right hand to her left shoulder by way of salute. ‘My given name is Elyssia. Elyssia Fields.’ She smiled again. ‘My brood mother’s little joke. She discovered Greek mythology at age 9 when she was incubating her first cluster.’

Brood mother? Greek? Incubating clusters? That meant that Elyssia Fields was from Teorge, the so-called ‘clone-world’. Alex struggled to remember what he’d been taught about Teorge… an inhabited world… settled by two colony ships that had proceeded to clone a select few of the crew and colonists, killing the others. For centuries Teorge had been a world apart, cut off from the normal flow of trade and commerce, and banned from sending representatives into space.

Elyssia Fields was clearly a fugitive.
Click to expand...


Interesting. The Elyssian Fields were also known as the Asphodel Fields/Meadows.
Last edited: Apr 12, 2024
Reactions:
selbie