Garand1987
G
Apr 12, 2024
#33,845
Rochester said:
There is a lot to unpack in this thread, and it gets a little heavy replicating everything uncovered so far, ever so often; so my apologies if I’ve skirted over or not answered everything..I’ve unpacked previously, it is a big concept.

"Jewel on the brow" has I would argue been deciphered.

The term is a poetic reference to the John Milton text of his description of what paradise/eden was in Paradise Lost; a physical crystalline sphere, holding within it the sphere’s of our universe… with our solar system at the centre.

This sphere hung by a chain from the Empyrean/heaven. Milton stated this was from the ‘brow’ of the hill that encircled heaven.

Satan upon his return journey did not know where to go, he them stumbled upon and is given direction by the entity Chaos, who calls it the pendant globe and that it hung from heaven by a chain, by this point in Milton’s text it’s technically the second time this description is used.

Satan then moves on, eventually getting to such a lofty vantage point, so as to effectively see the entirety of the Empyrean… it has the appropriate appearance of as if like a galaxy, large and expansive, with a defined border and made of light, and from his new point of view (the readers vantage point), Satan, sees the pendant universe hanging from the Empyrean, as if like a distant star as seen beside of the enormity of our moon as if see from the Earth; tiny but brilliant. In the text this is I recall the third time this description is given.

In other parts of the text the Empyrean is supposedly made of stars and living jewels, and a certain road is implied to be as if like the Milky Way, which is a classical Greek reference.

I suspect the author of the Codex was using a mixed metaphor to describe the Empyrean, as in ‘oh wow that is the mother of galaxies’ as in big / expansive.

In game there is I believe, a replication of Milton’s wider cosmology, with the Empyrean at the top. I also believe the author in game is heavily referencing the works of Robert Holdstock as in and around this Empyrean area are a number of female triad goddesses…

In Holdstock’s works he used this triad to mark the doorways to mystical secrets or referenced old Celtic creation myths…. I think the in game author has utilised this to advocate the location of Raxxla. So ‘mother of galaxies’ in game may have a dual meaning?

In game the older dark wheel missions talked about the ‘silent song of the spheres’ and of something being ‘obfuscated on the outer rim’.

In the text Satan walked upon the outer rim of the crystalline sphere on its outer rim…

Later in game within the Brookes Tours FD insert a direct quote from Paradise Lost in the same instance of them talking of Raxxla, this quotation is the description of the Pendant Globe.

So I would argue the first line of the toast is describing the pendant globe. Aka Raxxla is a type of Eden and if the quotation is used accurately in game it hangs from the Empyrean.

The last part of the toast I feel likewise is referring to the same element of the first line and probably is describing Satan as a wanderer trying to find Eden.

I also suspect the in game author is applying a dual metaphor for Satan and the epic of Gilgamesh, because that story was utilised by Holdstock, and it has has a number of mythic / classical similarities. The locations of Gilgamesh are likewise in game…and are in the upper celestial sphere closest to the hypothetical Empyrean.

Click to expand...
The Jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies could be system Diadem of the constellation Coma Berenices. It represents Hera's diadem who is, according to Greek mythology anyway, probably the closest thing we have to a mother of galaxies since they believed the milky way was her breast milk.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester