Jorki Rasalas
Feb 20, 2022
#25,384
Rochester said:
Ha yes the knee… dislocated. Ironically I dislocated my other knee a year ago and that one’s fine… this one’s simply not getting better - GP appointment in few days.

‘Drugs’ don’t touch it and I’m not an habitual drinker - ‘twas a celebratory event, and I’m too old to process wine as I once did. I noted it as I hadn’t realised how much I was rambling.

On a good note FD identified my ED launcher had some bug. It simply could not overwrite certain files; I suspect it was a server side problem, but never the less - long story short I am now utilising the Steam launcher to log in - off topic I know, but it’s the first time in several years where the download speed / boot up speed actually works smoothly.

I’ve began mapping the core systems explored up to 2296 within a basic temporal map, I’ll post when tidied up, have / find the time. I don’t believe it will bring anything to the table…

It’s been almost 3 months since I saw my Old Cobra (in midnight black)… seriously I couldn’t stop looking at her, felt good to be back at the helm.

So far trying not to project too much and just map, which takes time but I’m interested to see how this 2296 sphere of influence relates or doesn’t relate to the Norse myth systems MB implemented as well as a few other things… probably nothing.

Up till now it’s been a thought exercise for me, I’d been reluctant to actually map these relationships because frankly it’s too much like my RL job… this is supposed to be a game…

For me Raxxla is an incentive to explore, not just Raxxla but all the other things out there which may not yet a have been discovered.
Click to expand...
Ouch!
I dislocated my little finger around 4 years ago, or rather my dog did when he started twisting around with my finger caught under his collar. I pulled it & it snapped back in but it still hurts at times.

I urge everyone to search for that reputed video interview by DB. If he definitely said you need to be Elite to find Raxxla then it has to be in Shinrarta!

Edit: might be in early Dev Diaries? Or the “Design Discussion Archive”? Koben said it was a video interview prior to Horizons (which was released 15 December 2015), so maybe an early livestream? Or Twitter maybe?
Last edited: Feb 20, 2022
Reactions:
Rochester