Louis Calvert
Nov 23, 2017
#1,112
Han_Zen said:
Hypothesis: Raxxla is (in)Sirius.


Names:
The names Raxxla and Sirius are similar in buildup. Both have six letters and two letter pairs. A simple two step encryption will encode Sirius -> Raxxla:
- Byte rotation, with three characters/byte gives sirius -> rissui.
- Substitution r=r, i=a, s=x and u=l rissui -> raxxla.

Door/Gateway:
Ancient Egyptians considered Sirius to be the most important star and a gateway to the 'other world'. They would not bury their dead during the 70 days each year, Sirius was invisible below the horizon. The gateway was not open.
A properly performed mummification takes 70 day, to mimic this period.

Key:
Sirius is also known as Alpha Canis Major. An official abbreviation of Canis Major is 'CMaj'. This is also an abbreviation for the musical Key 'C Major'.

Other silly stuff:
- Planet called 'Waypoint'. Waypoint to what?
- Planet called 'Lucifer', meaning 'light-bringing'.
- Antares crashed mysteriously, when exiting the system.
- Sirius is controlled by 'powerful, twisted men. Powerful enough to hire an assassin to kill the threat to their dominance.'(ask Ran Corsen).

If you start to wander in to the more alternative regions of the internet, there are of course countless claims for Sirius' magical properties, celestial bodies and inhabitants. It also has a significance in most ancient cultures. Egyptians and Dogons were particularly fixated on this star. I will not go further into that.

So, what do you think? Is something obfuscated in the outer rim of the Sirius system? Are there other clues I have overlooked?

Sirius has always been a pioneer of Hyperspace travel. It's possible that those early colony ships discovered some alien technology in the system and decided to keep a secret and monopolise it - something like a Hypergate - that's possibly where the myths of Raxxla come from. The tourist beacon says "In 2339 a commercial colonial expedition reached the unusual binary Sirius system. The colonisation was the first solely corporate colonial mission and the company rapidly rose to become the premier supplier of drive fuel throughout human space."
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein