Louis Calvert
Nov 22, 2017
#1,104
Anubite said:
Get your tinfoil hats.

It's in Betelgeuse.


Tharg the Mighty was from there. He called it Quaxxann.

Guy is a green alien, has a small white mohawk, a circular feature on his forehead associated with Sirius, and can run off plastic. The analogies are clear, obviously he's a Thargoid or a Tharglet gone awry.




You know, I'm starting to think modern fans of sci-fi have no perspective of how the genre came about and blossomed. There was a very creative, and often as eccentric, underground. I have only just put the image together in words, but still don't always see it.

Long story short; homage, references, one-upping, and selective copying was very common, as it is today. However...

A fan of several fictional but loosely similar stories, a natural dreamer, would pass idle time thinking about each series and the possibilities. The perceptive of them would see ways they could appear to cross over without actually crossing over. The writers of them would make it so.

Finally, the readers would go wild with what-ifs, "unknowns," dreaming, for example, about how and why Tharg the Mighty is really a Thargoid/let.

And so on.

I don't know if you saw my last reply to the last time you floated the "Tharg the Mighty" idea https://forums.frontier.co.uk/showt...foil-Hattery?p=6144116&viewfull=1#post6144116

Moribus said:
The name "Thargoid" had it's origins in the 70's : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captain_Kremmen

Robert Holdstock who wrote TDW, Under the pseudonym Steven Eisler contributed to this in 1980: http://ski-ffy.blogspot.co.uk/2012/02/alien-world-complete-illustrated-guide.html if you scroll a bit you'll see the name Raxxla, and a word that's pretty similar to Oresrian "Oriathan". Since Holdstocks TDW influenced much of the mythos of ED, he's responsible for some of the names

I do love the reference to Thatcher though. I suspect Everett might have named his reptilian enemies because of that, and if not, I bet he's looking down on us now wishing he'd through of it Nice work!