Thatchinho
Mar 29, 2019
#7,084
dezpe said:
Dear Raxxla Seekers,

this idea is surely not new. But when I searched for "main menu" or "screen" in this thread I found nothing, so please forgive me for sharing it again.

Ever since I have seen the two icons for Raxxla and The Dark Wheel (TDW) in the codex, I have to think about the two main menu background images for Elite Dangerous and Elite Dangerous Horizons.




The thought that Fdev could have placed those two iconic and ultimate goals right in front of our noses fascinates me. It certainly has changed the way I now look at the login screen.

One shows a golden Coriolis station above what appears to be an earth like planet (Raxxla?) and the other shows a dark (minimally powered) Orbis station in orbit around an icy moon or planet (TDW station?). There is also the SRV on a planet in the foreground. It is clearly far too close to the station, which would only be about 20km away. But of course this is not an ingame image but maybe a creation to give us some clues.

The star type in the Horizons main menu is a white one: O, B, A or maybe F. TDW Orbis station could orbit a moon which has another moon close by (binary or simply very close orbits). Has anyone taking a very close look at and 3 h? Where else exists this combination in a star system reasonably close to the bubble (<1000ly)?

And another thought: Considering that Raxxla is probably not too far from the bubble, there is very little chance that its system is still unexplored.
Click to expand...
Welcome to the thread cmdr!

There lots of things buried away in the thread, and yes this one has been suggested before. Jorki (Rasalas) has been a proponenet of it for a very long time now. Nevertheless, it's still good to have it independently suggested!

In terms of looking for the systems / bodies from the screen, nothing conclusive has been found to the best of my knowledge. There's very little to go off in the images (in contrast with, say, the images that allowed the Guardian sites to be found, or even the ones with the INRA bases) and we don't even know whether they're actual in-game images or just images that were created for the menu screens. Still, definitely worth checking any possibilities for those who are in the postion (and of the inclination) to do so!

For SD AB 2 h & 3 h, I'm not sure. Anyone else know? Not sure on other systems either, it'd need a search of the databases, and there's no guarantee that every system in 1,000 ly radius will be in the EDSM/EDDB databases.
Reactions:
Macros Black