Eckee
Jan 13, 2019
#5,128
reload said:
I've been musing about this too the last few days.

What is the most personal journey of all in ED? Becoming Elite. Everyone does it in a different fashion, and in a different order. Exploration first for me, then trading, then combat - and I know of plenty of others who detest(ed) exploration so left it til last, or hated the grind of raw trading back and forth so left that one too.

So yeah, my money is on getting Elite, and then getting a tip-off mission invite somewhere, or a clue off some POI or tourist beacon somewhere that eventually leads to the Dark Wheel station, which leads to a mission chain which ends at Raxxla.

I'm going in the same direction.

Also from the book Elite: The Dark Wheel - Robert Holdstock, a little bit obvious tinfoil
CHAPTER THREE

The best way to see the wreckplace at Tionisla is to approach it from the Sun (a reasonably safe thing to do since Tionisla, being a Democracy has few pirates in its system). Tionisla itself is a bright yellow world, and the cemetery is always between the planet and its star. As you fly close, the whole strange graveyard seems to be expanding from the circle of the world behind.
The first thing you see is a shimmering, silver disc, a double spiral of tiny bright points. It slowly turns: it's a galaxy in miniature, with the same intense blur of light at its centre, because here is where the biggest tombs are to be found.

Come closer and soon you can see that the stars in this galaxy are markers, great lumps of metal, heavily inscribed with the words and symbols of a thousand religions. The cemetery is a bizarre and moving sight. The markers are rarely less than a thousand feet across. There are chrome-alloy crosses, titanium
Stars of David, duralium henges, and all the strange symbolic shapes of the worlds, and the minds and the faiths that have come to die in this Star traveller's special place.

Tethered below this vast, rotating mausoleum is the dodecahedral shape of a 'Dodo' class space station, the home of the Cemetery Authorites. Here you go through security checks and get your visitor's visa. And as you stand in the queue, staring up through the translucent ceiling of the Customs Hall, you can see the battered, broken ships of many of the dead, still attached to the silent tomb that contains the body.

It's a good enough reason to come to Tionisla. There are pickings aplenty among the wrecks. The treasures of centuries might be revealed by pressing the right panel on the right cube of black, alien metal as it floats silently by.
Or maybe not treasure, just the tomb's defences . . .
A pit with a laser.
A robot guardian with knives where its hands should be.

A hyperspace vacuum that sucks you in and throws you out into another time.

I'm thinking of getting an or triple Elite and doing business with random or certain factions and recieving a tip-off or follow up mission. In the middle or the end of the mission a ships high wakes / a data beacon spawns etc. and scanning it reveals an unlisted system to jump to.

Or maybe getting a permit for those locked systems and doing some work there, join TDW, find Raxxla, throw a party etc.

It might not be hiding behind mission lines, maybe if we find that jump point or data and try to jump without an Elite rank it will throw us out from the hyperspace like Thargoids.

I'm focusing on the personal journey thing and trying to stick with the in-game mechanics.