CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 4, 2022
#27,642
Allen Stroud said:
He's a pseudoscientist who made a fortune by creating a narrative that stitches together a collection of ancient myths with alien conspiracy theories. His first book, The Twelfth Planet was publisihed in 1976.

The writing is very cleverly layered. You read the first couple of chapters, which seem almost like the work of a genuine archaeologist and historian. He builds on these, taking you in an astonishing direction, establishing the Anunnaki and the concept of the Twelfth Planet. It is highly plausible fiction, which is why many people believe in his ideas (which are entirely bunk).

The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail (1982) is a similar book, although the writers are genuine historians who were duped by a French hoaxter. Their theory was the basis for Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code (2003).

Interestingly, Holdstock, Poe and others make use of similar techniques in their work. Using authority figures, creating myth and weaving speculation into their stories.
Click to expand...

Louis Calvert said:
Do they? I don't recall that?!

I'd love to see that text, do you know where it is? I checked the canonn database of the Ram Tah findings but can't see anything that suggests that. https://canonn.science/codex/guardians-codex/? https://canonn.science/codex/guardians-data-culture/? https://canonn.science/codex/guardians-data-biology/

Edit: Never mind! Found it " Although a full analysis has not yet been conducted, this might be evidence of a common ancestor [to humans], but also of a branching in their genetic history. This is an astounding discovery!" Thanks for the reminder, I'd forgotten that even was a thing. That's crazy.

I'm still not seeing the bit about Guardians and Thargoid sharing a common ancestor though?


Thanks for the replies So most people seem to think it's something either Guardian or 'other'.

Halsey's dream/vision/encounter certainly does suggest that there's something out there - maybe not even actually Guardian, but a 'higher' life, the Guardian AI (though no idea why it would interact with Halsey?!), or something else pointing us to Guardian ruins for some reason, or maybe accidentally? I like idea:



I'd never thought of that!

OK, question: Do you think Ram Tah told us everything? He was very quick to translate the Guardian data. Is he trustworthy? Is there more that's not been told to us?
Click to expand...
Despite many engineers having significantly sketchy personal histories, I would still largely trust them. Especially, given many a CMDR doesn't have the most pristine history, either.