cmdr milesred
Nov 4, 2022
#27,649
rumors that humans were descended from guardians when the guardian sites were discovered.
I don't recall anything about their appendages resembling anything other than the grey alien.
I may have missed that tiny part. still just seems like a boney grey red

but I along with others have suggested guardians ai is the or became the thargoids

seems much more likely the opposite has possibilities
that if Thargoids visited all these systems over millions of years and seeded them with barnacles, what's to say other things didn't contribute to other life
genetic defects, experiments gone bad or good..they are intelligent after all.
to create caretakers of the barnacles.

it would be an interesting twist if what we chase after has always been there and is nothing more than knowledge.
no matter what the omphalos leads to, or finding Raxxla, both do or will add to our knowledge.

saying this because if Thargoids did all this and apparently a group believes they are gods, soo, it could have saved some trouble to leave a manual behind.
everything says they are the oldest intelligent life we know of in our galaxy. If we can believe it. Or rather if its is true.
making my original idea wrong unless there is another life form or more history to the guardians.

it also does not mean any descendent did not surpass its creators or its ancestors
a number of good stories such as this exist, probably more of them far fetched in the sci-fi realm. Stan Lee and Marvel and soo many have taken this and run its many variations.

starting to remind me of 42

as in I really hope the search is not just about the knowledge that would be the manual, if one were to create one and leave it behind.

put RAXXLA into a crossword using words in game and lore. probably see a title to such a manual eventually.
even so, I refuse to believe that. fdev has not yet made a game where the endish is a lame joke.

the payoff has to be great
that means to me, for all the game has in it.
a way to affect greater change seems appropriate. be it a device , a place, magic, no real idea other than theories with no proof
change is wanted by many, bad government just for starters and the ones controlling them.

next, now that more history hits us
it is also expected by Ram Tah that the next step / stage for the Thargoids is to engage in heavy mining of their resources.

interesting to see if these 'flares' are Miners.
still probably tougher than gardeners.

there have been a few cmdrs in various discords and probably reddit too and also I think in the forums that have gone into black holes and come out in neighboring systems, then ofc written about that.
I never checked any of them.
might be time to.