Rochester
Nov 5, 2022
#27,654
Well it’s an unknown because the context can be interpreted differently depending upon when it was said and to whom. Here is one way of looking at it - it’s not definitive.

Wiki:

Michael Brookes, the former Executive Producer of Elite Dangerous, also commented on Raxxla.
Brookes notably once said, "There will be no clues.”
Brookes subsequently confirmed that Raxxla is in the Milky Way galaxy in an interview with player DJTruthsayer: Question: "Where is Raxxla?" Brookes: "Well it's in the Milky Way, but I can't tell you where it is. It's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves." Question: "You have said that there will be no clues though?" Brookes: "That's true, but I think you have to make some of it a tiny bit obvious just so people know what they're doing. There's nothing to be revealed at this stage.".
So initially FD standing was - no clues, but later MB effectively states somethings have to be obvious so you know what to do.

Looking at this in relation to when it was said, I presume they did not initially want to give clues out of the game, eg in interviews simply because to do so would give an unfair advantage and said journey was obvious, so they wanted you to play the game.

In other words it either was tied to becoming Elite, some mission driven content, just simply floating around or it was narrative.

The DW missions could be said to be obvious, because they were heavily loaded with textual references to Raxxla, (although they never named it directly).

But we now know those missions were turned off.

Or MB was talking narratively, that it’s a journey we all take as the narrative unfolds, it’s obvious because we will read it as it unfolds and will be told where to go / do.

If it’s just floating about, it’s possible we haven’t found it because it’s so mundane.

I think such a reference is now historical, and if the obvious path was the DW missions then it’s now an archeological narrative locked by FD, because they stated the DW missions were removed.

I suspect all we can now rely upon is the Codex. Which points to Tau Ceti and identifies a reference to the Omphalos.

We know about the Delphi system and it’s historical link to the Omphalos. But recall we only know of this arbitrarily, it wasn’t handed to us, nor uncovered via any clue, it was data-mined (correct if wrong please I actually can’t recall).

So what we don’t know is, what links Tau Ceti (Cetus) with Delphi?

Or does it!
Last edited: Nov 5, 2022