Rochester
Nov 5, 2022
#27,660
I don’t correctly recall. Maybe I imagined it, cynically.

All I do recall was the Codex was inserted, literally a few days later players found the Delphi system. Maybe that’s just through playing, and they happened upon it, but I’m aware some players read data logs when a patch is released. Just seems plausible it was uncovered by those ‘watching’.

Thinking on it rationally; if your active in that location you will be aware of the systems states and trade routes so any new insertion would likely stick out like a sore thumb.

Maybe it was intentional. Maybe it’s a very obvious clue, we’re just too wrapped up in our collective tin-foil and FD aren’t playing Cluedo anymore, and it’s been pointed out, using some plain language to assist those new to the game to have some equal hand.

I digress, my point being if there is a link then what could link Tau Ceti with Delphi, ‘in game’ other than knowing you classics from school!

And if Delphi was an intentional clue, linked to Raxxla via the obvious omphalos, why insert the reference to Tau Ceti, what does that mean, unless it’s just a coincidence…or another very direct clue, and the date is irrelevant…

Because in greek myth relating to the constellation Cetus; Cepheus’s land Aethiopia was attacked by the monster Cetus (Ceti) first, before he sees the Oracle, but that was not in Delphi, it was the oracle of Ammon.

Now heres where it gets odd. The oracle of Delphi was dedicated to Apollo. The oracle of Ammon was Zeus.

So, Donars Oak which is in the Delphi system has other names: Thors Oak, Joves Oak or Jupiters Oak, because Thor and Jupiter were iterations of Zeus.!

So is the codex simply very plain and loaded with red herrings, it’s objective to point us to the system of Delphi?

It’s got nothing to do with going to the system of Tau Ceti?

But why does a sphere of influence drawn from Tau Ceti set by the 2296 date fit the sphere of influence set by pandemonium or the Yggdrasil systems!

Unless it’s just a reference to the historical narrative lost by the removal of the DW missions, or it’s just a coincidence, or just space madness!

I’m thinking @Louis Calvert Is correct in they’re hypothesis.

Last edited: Nov 5, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert