Jorki Rasalas
Sep 1, 2024
#34,699
Rochester said:
Same here - that’s what I thought, going over this old data one needs to verify how relevant it is one can just become complacent. I’ve seen some old photos, but I wanted to re-confirm if they were actually Trinkets or SAP 8. Is this irrelevant, or does this tell us something specific.

The confirmation by FD they were linked to a now removed storyline, still does not remove the fact they themselves have a rich backstory.

I’ve come to believe the original Raxxla narrative was highly detailed and linked to numerous and specific locations across the bubble.

I speculate FD killed those off.

I suspect the Codex was Brookes being asked to come back and to tie the loose threads together.

Logically then any information that came prior the Codex ought to be unreliable. The Codex is the key, the Codex is the spacial map.

But, it’s evident a huge level of detail was left in game, eg the Trinkets and the Garden Design.

The missions and the supposed invite are gone, but the environmental story is still in situ, so logically - although interaction wont lead us anywhere, looking at it may still provide us some level of understanding.

Likewise reviewing these in context to the removed mission may highlight contextualisation. The missions made no sense on their own but some aspects were insinuated; so I suspect that was intentional. I suspect the original path was reliant on those missions, that were to take us around the galaxy and to introduce us to certain factions, but by pulling the rug away, meant we were never able to finish it on our own. I believe ‘after the fact’ the narrator gave us an index, a bibliography and like Frank Herbert’s Dune, a spatial map of the narrative in the form of the Codex.

We might be able to travel to these places but they would not tell us anything, but when seen as a whole, the fulcrum of the story becomes clear.

I think the original path would have naturally led us to certain areas and that eventually certain clues, such as the Garden Design, or various systems and various or certain Factions. I believe the gate onto that path has now long been demolished but the Codex has told us the landscape.

Look at the architecture and archeology and one might be able to understand more!

The trinkets are linked to the old story, they are linked to the deity of Fortuna and possibly the wheel of time, possibly I suspect this concept of the fates.

I don’t believe they will directly lead us anywhere or flip a switch (?) but their description, visual and auditory aspects may help solidify how they might have been linked or even if they are still relevant?
Click to expand...
I agree with most of what you say there.
I certainly think FD effectively killed off the storyline, instead emphasising pew pew aspects of the game with the Thargoid War. And yes, I think the Codex was authored by MB and is his attempt at a streamlined replacement and "map" for that storyline, and yes the environmental aspects of the storyline were left in situ. However I still contend that the old E/F missions were probably removed because they were obfuscation which detracted from the storyline....don't forget Drew Wagar's Elite Premonition has a character from TDW say explicitly that the DW faction in SD are a false flag, or rather a distraction on the outer rim of the organisation...
SPOILER: SPOILER TEXT FROM NOVEL















Now IIRC Drew said MB had edited/approved that text. And the old & deleted E/F missions seemed to involve the Pilots Federation working against the interests of that SD TDW faction. I think a major part of the storyline was that Pilots Federation originally had five or six different spellings according to the TB in Shinrarta, suggesting factions within PF. And at least two of those were notably involved in various aspects of gameplay (I've covered all this before in this thread). I think the storyline required us to identify and Ally with the PF faction that was actually the real Dark Whee (one TB says TDW is a faction within PF). I'm fairly sure that original storyline has been deleted because those TB spellings have all been corrected.

I'm not convinced that TOHF are just related to a deleted storyline. There is one possible hypothesis I have related to Trinkets which I haven't been able to test out yet...darn kitchen refurb is not going well!

Edit
What Felicity says about TDW in Shinrarta may be an emphasis of the point I make above.

Edit2
I suspect the text of Premonition may be further clarification and should be read in conjunction with the codex! MB and DW were supposed to be friendly and I think MB may have made it an adjunct....Premonition copyright date is 2017, which I think is after the old E/F missions were deleted...
Last edited: Sep 1, 2024
Reactions:
selbie, Ian Doncaster and Rochester