Rochester
Sep 1, 2024
#34,693
Same here - that’s what I thought, going over this old data one needs to verify how relevant it is one can just become complacent. I’ve seen some old photos, but I wanted to re-confirm if they were actually Trinkets or SAP 8. Is this irrelevant, or does this tell us something specific.

The confirmation by FD they were linked to a now removed storyline, still does not remove the fact they themselves have a rich backstory.

I’ve come to believe the original Raxxla narrative was highly detailed and linked to numerous and specific locations across the bubble.

I speculate FD killed those off.

I suspect the Codex was Brookes being asked to come back and to tie the loose threads together.

Logically then any information that came prior the Codex ought to be unreliable. The Codex is the key, the Codex is the spacial map.

But, it’s evident a huge level of detail was left in game, eg the Trinkets and the Garden Design.

The missions and the supposed invite are gone, but the environmental story is still in situ, so logically - although interaction wont lead us anywhere, looking at it may still provide us some level of understanding.

Likewise reviewing these in context to the removed mission may highlight contextualisation. The missions made no sense on their own but some aspects were insinuated; so I suspect that was intentional. I suspect the original path was reliant on those missions, that were to take us around the galaxy and to introduce us to certain factions, but by pulling the rug away, meant we were never able to finish it on our own. I believe ‘after the fact’ the narrator gave us an index, a bibliography and like Frank Herbert’s Dune, a spatial map of the narrative in the form of the Codex.

We might be able to travel to these places but they would not tell us anything, but when seen as a whole, the fulcrum of the story becomes clear.

I think the original path would have naturally led us to certain areas and that eventually certain clues, such as the Garden Design, or various systems and various or certain Factions. I believe the gate onto that path has now long been demolished but the Codex has told us the landscape.

Look at the architecture and archeology and one might be able to understand more!

The trinkets are linked to the old story, they are linked to the deity of Fortuna and possibly the wheel of time, possibly I suspect this concept of the fates.

I don’t believe they will directly lead us anywhere or flip a switch (?) but their description, visual and auditory aspects may help solidify how they might have been linked or even if they are still relevant?
Last edited: Sep 1, 2024
Reactions:
selbie