Louis Calvert
Sep 1, 2024
#34,700
Rochester said:
Regarding the Dark Wheel Codex, here are some of my recent thoughts:

Felicy Farseer and Lyta presence as characters in the text, is new data (post missions).

Historically all we have about the DW was from Holdstocks book. No other information on it exists in game - outside the current codex (post missions technically).

We know from corroborated current and reliable evidence the missions were in fact removed by FD Devs, confirmation being directly shared via a support ticket.

The information about the DW station locality is .

The information about the DW initiation process revolving solely around genealogy is .

The information about DW members actively protecting their offspring from initiation is .
Click to expand...
There's also the 'letter' intro from the manual which - while not specifying Dark Wheel, certainly seems like the kind of thing that fits with what's written in both TDW novella and the Codex. Shown here for those that don't know about it:


I mean, that literally is an unsolicited contact from someone that mentions a test, from a mysterious person (in disguise) and the Codex says:

"According to the lore, only a handful of the bravest and most competent pilots of each generation are honoured with an invitation to join the group. It is futile to attempt to contact the Dark Wheel on one's own initiative, however - it is always they who initiate contact, initially in disguise, revealing their true identity only once a suitable test of courage and skill has been discreetly administered, and passed."
- Dark Wheel Codex
While I'm sure there is/was some Dark Wheel 'story' that might have been/still is planned at some point - I think we're supposed to be the 'real' Dark Wheel; we're the people that go looking for stuff, the people that seek Raxxla and other mysteries. I think that's what this^^ means.

The invitation to Shinrarta upon reaching Elite also fits with the idea of the Dark Wheel invitation and needing to be Elite and/or using some other means (basically including backers there as being legacies into the DW as family ties, etc.). The line there in that text that says "Impress me, perhaps you'll learn more" could well relate to getting the Shinrarta invitation. Recall that Shinrarta tourist beacons are where you learn the "real" secret lore behind the PF. Obviously that's all on the internet and well known by people that don't have Shinrarta access too - but consider that in terms of the reality of the game, not as the meta reality of the players.

You get given a mysterious ship and money and a note from someone saying it's a test, and maybe someday you'll known more > A long time later, if you're still alive, and good enough, you get an invitation to a locked system. There's loads of information there about the powerful PF and the mysterious Dark Wheel, there's even a Dark Wheel faction at the station there that gives out mysterious and suggestive missions sometimes!!

^^ That is a very decent and fun bit of lore-gameplay that hints at 'more out there'.

I can well imagine that's the "DW storyline" path complete. From there Fdev might have originally assumed that more might be added afterwards in future updates, but we know the rubber-road of game planning and quite a lot changed or evolved over time, which is entirely normal.

Whether Fdev have plans for more DW content is unknown, but I think the Codex really just highlights all this and contextualises it all. I don't think it's really that mysterious in light of all this - but it's intriguing and interesting for players that haven't had all the experience of being Elite and getting to Shinrarta already.

It also sets up Raxxla and provides some context clues for what (I'd guess) is going to be "The Raxxla Story" that will be some future thread. When that happens they can wheel out the DW, add in a station in Shinrarta where the tourist beacon is (the DW station can now be detected by your ship!) as I've pointed out before, the tourist beacon in Shinrarta that mentions the DW as a part of the PF is around the 8th moon of a gas giant there, so having that next to the DW station fits hand-in-glove.

I'm unsure if "The Raxxla story" is waiting for a critical mass of people to discover it and start talking about it, or whether it's just going to be at some point when the game is ready Fdev will decide it's time to do that and pick up on the content already in-game as the starting point.

I'm fully expecting that at some point Galnet (or Listening Posts) are going to be used to point people towards a mysterious signal coming from the centre of the Galaxy...
Reactions:
Planewalker, Han_Zen, Dox Paradox and 1 other person