selbie
Sep 1, 2024
#34,696
The DW Codex has a quote by Felicity Farseer, an Engineer.
Etymology: Felicity is a female given name of English origin meaning "happiness". It is derived from the Latin word felicitas meaning "luck, good fortune". It is also used as a form of the Latin name Felicitas, taken from the name of the Ancient Roman goddess Fortuna.

Connected to the Trinkets of Hidden Fortune?? - if these items are still relevant beyond the old TDW faction missions, then perhaps Felicity being quoted in the codex is intentionally referencing more than just a familiar lore character. Thus the historic usage of Rota Fortunae (wheel of fortune) and the naming of Dark Wheel seems a lot less like a coincidence.
Furthermore, in Arthurian legend, the holy grail resides in the Grail Castle named Corbenic, which is the domain of the Fisher King. This castle is the home of a secret society of temple knights who guard the Grail (here a precious stone) from the outside world. It is also invisible to the outside and seemingly changes location.
Corbenic is a place of marvels, including, at various times, a maiden trapped in a magically boiling cauldron, a dragon, and a room where (depending on text) either an angelic knight or arrows assail any who try to spend the night there.

Farseer symbolism - My first thought is of a seer who can predict future events - a witch-like person.
Another idea is a much more tenuous association, related to the character FitzChivalry Farseer of the Arthurian-style Farseer novels who is an illegitimate son of a prince trained as an assassin. Political machinations within the royal family threaten his life, and the kingdom is beset by naval raids. Fitz possesses two forms of magic: the telepathic Skill that runs in the royal line, and the socially despised Wit that enables bonding with animals. The series follows his life as he seeks to restore stability to the kingdom. He is barred from becoming king, but nonetheless embraces the quest.

Some association I've noticed with Jaques
His name is officially a 'moniker' - ie. not his true name.
Quinentis Fourteens - could this be a homonym of something like "Canentis Fortins"?
Jaques is a french-derived name, so if you take Quinze (pronounced like 'Cairns' in french, thus "quin" would sound like "can"), thus,
Canentis = genetive latin for singing (of singing)
Fortins = french name derived from 'fort / fortress' - the inventor of the Fortins barometer is one namesake.
Thus, Canentis Fortins... the Fortress of Singing / the Singing Fortress?

Jaques was originally based in the imperial system of Facece (Topaz), 3301 - Topaz was used by Romans to protect from danger - and in middle ages to ward off the evil eye.
20 May 3302 - Hands of the Architects were caught sabotaging - related to Jasmina's visions around the time of the PF "censorship" of her visions.
3 Jun 3302 - Jaques Station was discovered - his emergency broadcasts were shown in the station news feed.
Some lines were of interest:
"The artefacts caused some kind of overload in my engines, threw me into witch space. I've [no] idea how long I was in there, time seemed to fluctuate. Past, present, future..all mingling together.... They sing, the artefacts... they sing, and then they find you."
"I blacked out... That noise... oh gods it's still in my head.."

Going back to Arthurian legend - is Jacques akin to the Fisher King? - this was noted earlier by Stoutbeard
Could he be like a wounded Grail King that needs healing - injured and unable to produce an heir. The injury itself could be seen as a punishment - so in Jaque's case for his past military actions. For the Fisher King to be healed he must be asked "The Healing Question".
A station hidden from sight, potentially shifting over time, that requires a question or test to gain access sounds a lot to me like security encryption. Provide the cipher key / password and gain access to the mysteries within.

Also as Stoutbeard points out, in one version of the story, Parzival heals the Fisher King and afterward Feirefiz marries the grail bearer and she gives birth to Prester John - a potential link to the codex.

Furthermore, in another version the king presents Peredur with a severed head on a platter. Peredur later learns that he was related to that king, and that the severed head was that of his cousin, whose death he must avenge by defeating the Nine Witches.
The magical island of Avalon, the paradisal "Isle of Apples", was ruled by the nine entirely benevolent enchantress-sisters, known as great healers and capable of shape-shifting and other magic.
In another version, the nine are the Sorceresses of Caer Lloyw literally meaning the "castle of glow / glowing castle" or "shining fortress". This location is now known as Gloucester (from gloyw = glow, cester = fort). During the Roman era, Caerloyw became Glevum, which became a Colonia - a Roman outpost in federated or conquered territory, for the purpose of securing it.
The Path of Jaques formed the Colonia Bridge - could he have "paved the path" (think Milton's bridge of souls) to the 'shining fortress' / 'singing fortress' aka Castle of Souls, aka Eden ??
Reactions:
Cmdr Walt71 and Rochester