Rochester
Sep 1, 2024
#34,698
Regarding the Dark Wheel Codex, here are some of my recent thoughts:

Felicy Farseer and Lyta presence as characters in the text, is new data (post missions).

Historically all we have about the DW was from Holdstocks book. No other information on it exists in game - outside the current codex (post missions technically).

We know from corroborated current and reliable evidence the missions were in fact removed by FD Devs, confirmation being directly shared via a support ticket.

The information about the DW station locality is new data.

The information about the DW initiation process revolving solely around genealogy is new data.

The information about DW members actively protecting their offspring from initiation is new data.

Assessment:

Felicy personal experiences and observations lend her and her data a degree of credibility, this is further established because she is a real NPC in game, with a location, whereas Lyta is not this is likely an intentional narrative juxtaposition.

Felicy in her tone reflects both skepticism and curiosity, such balance suggests a thoughtful consideration rather than blind faith, such consistency can bolster her credibility.

Likewise her background is established in game, therefore her experience, skepticism, and the narrative context could lead readers to gauge her reliability.

Trust in a character’s truthfulness often requires a combination of evidence, intuition, and understanding of the world they inhabit. So by ways of this being intended by its inclusion it only enhances her reliability as a narrator.

The distinction between Felicy as a real character, and juxtaposition against a potentially fictional character carries significant implications regarding themes of belief, reality, and storytelling.

Felicy therefore is a tangible individual, her role as a real character gives her a grounding effect.

The statement of Felicy, and the other new data establishing a parental lineage is essentially (by my interpretation) a narrative method to explain the removal of the older missions, and likewise that ‘supposedly named’ members are equally bogus, together advocate to current players that the faction in SD is a dead-end, as is the invite, and that they cannot not be actioned.

The new data about the location of the DW and the logic that the faction and invite are both bogus advocates however the location is real, this is primarily established by its inclusion as new data and being very specific in that regard and it’s juxtaposition with the other text.

Assumptions:

By introducing specific locational data the text is establishing it can be found, however the absence of any clear directional marker only reduces this text reliability, unless there is a hidden indicator within the text. Such a hidden indicator would allow the reader to identify additional information in game or the lore. Otherwise why include such new data?

The introduction of grounding new data about parental protection might serve specific narrative functions in an isolated context either as part of this text, or the wider official lore, but only where said character has a real in game / lore location.

Understanding Felicy’s connection to parental protection might provide insight into her character. She does have a real in game location, a backstory involving parents, but were they protective?

Irrespective of Felicy, the text could likewise be hinting at the importance of such family ties in relation to other official lore characters, with an in game location, whose parents were protective.

A good alternative for this more so than Felicity could be Julia Cavus, who was the protagonist of the lead official book for ED. She dreamed of finding Raxxla, her farther was protective, he had a hidden past life within a secretive family run business of assassins who had extensive reach in the galaxy and anonymity, they only came out of the shadows in systems equidistant from their unknown home base!

Speculation:

How can identification of DW non members assist in the location of the DW?

One: faction alignment may activate a mission element - very low probability as numerous Cmdrs would have activated this by now.

Two: if there are multiple characters joint alignment may activate something - very low probability as above.

Three: said location/s act as locational markers. If they exit in a certain number their alignment could identify the location - low probability as being too complex, only two points would be needed to identify the location.

Four: the system/s they exist in are a particular distance equidistant from the DW - plausible - but would require either more than one location or the existence of an axis or identifying midpoint?

Five: the invite exists but there is no confirmation on completion - very low probability due to the number of Cmdrs but also the Codex insinuates it likely doesn’t exist in the first instance, see 9.

Six: the DW station is simply just ‘out there’ and there is no method other than blind luck in finding it - probable, see 9.

Seven: additional locational data is in game at these locations or the lore linked directly to that character - plausible but essentially an unknown,

Eight: there is no DW station, the Codex is simply a method to retcon a narrative - probable, see 9.

Nine: *edited - Cmdrs are already part of the DW (see text from game manual about a mysterious benefactor) - probable, if so potentially see 6 & 8.

Ten: the above overarching hypothesis is totally invalid - a possibility.
Last edited: Sep 1, 2024
Reactions:
Han_Zen and selbie