CyberTribe
C
Jan 7, 2019
#4,986
Neural said:
I'll do you one better. WHY is Raxxla?!

Anyway, I was watching one of the links in the original post of this thread and the guy said it's a journey every commander will have to take themselves.

What if there are a number of variables each persons will need to make true for any single person to get near Raxxla? There are a few obvious ones that won't hurt to do, e.g. triple elite, allied with TDW, max rank with Feds and Imps (because it could be an inter-faction conspiracy).

Thoughts?
Click to expand...

Relly dunno it's about 3E/4E and all that - the same as mostly every other narrative that includes searching for something outthere in the void (like the Fromidine rift, 4 example).
Might need to be allied with DW faction (and at least one E in that case).

Main question is, at least for me, how to find the keys.

Like, we know that that DW toast might be some kind of a path to follow, but until now we have no positive confirmation that we are on the right path.
Same goes with Astrophel and all that.
Nothing ingame until now did give us some positive feedback about being on the right path or even looking in the right direction. No listening posts, land crashsites, nothing at all. And it's either designed that way intentionaly (because why not give a really hard quest?), bugged (Hello Frontier, we know you well), not implemented yet (might be a narative for next chapter at all?), or we are looking in the wrong direction.

Also, we don't know if we are looking for Raxxla itself (remember - there is The Club, which for sure does know where Raxxla is and most likely uses it), or for a way to join Dark Wheel in their quest to find a way to access Raxxla (they might already know more then we do, might even know where exactly Raxxla is, and all that info must be located on that DW-station, which we know from their CODEX article).

So for me that quest looks like:
1. Find a key to follow the right path from DW-toast, and in the end find a way to join their "inner circle" and get invited to visit that secret station (or maybe that path will lead us to it?).
2. With that new information find a way to Raxxla. Or may be even fight a way to Raxxla, who knows.

Considering we might be 99% sure that The Club is using Raxxla, and also they are behind most known activities, i'd guess that Raxxla is indeed hidden behind a permit-locked system, because that's the most simple way to hide it if you have enough power, and they indeed do have (Polaris, like already was suggested?).
In wich case joining real/inner DW might be a way to get that permit, or a path to the void to follow and find another "gateway" connected with Raxxla if there are more that one such "gateways" in our galaxy.

That blackhole idea is intresting to check out, gonna try that one if my voyage to formidine rift in search of siren os the void will be fruitless.
Last edited: Jan 7, 2019