Savalis
S
Jan 6, 2019
#4,981
AegisXOR said:
Alright, here is my most foil-flavored post yet. But as they say, you need to know your enemy to defeat him.

Let's assume, for a moment, the viewpoint of a powerful shadow organization, that can get whatever it wants or needs through myriad agents and connections throughout humanity.

If you were in control of Raxxla, and realized its power, you would want to hide it, right?

But let's assume that Raxxla is a "celestial body". Or perhaps it is an artifact too massive or integrated to be removed from its "host planet."

How do you hide a planet?

Could you put it somewhere else? Old-school hyperspace might be able to open a gate big enough. But there's no propulsion system in existence that could actually push an entire planet through.

Could you hide it from ship computers? You could probably pull strings at Universal Cartographics and have it blacklisted, but that seems like a security risk, doesn't it? Someone at UC could defect and expose you, or hell, even an independent pilot might be able to figure out there is interference with their navigation systems.

But what if...? You gather your most trusted and knowledgeable engineers from around the galaxy. You make some... questionable modifications to FSD technology, possibly using Thargoid materials. You set up an of frame shift drives, running harmonically, all across Raxxla. A "planetary FSD", if you will. But you're not trying to move it anywhere. That would be ridiculous, and the energy costs untenable. Instead of compressing space ahead and expanding space behind, each FSD is only concerned with compressing the space in front of it. As much as possible. Beyond safety limits... If you wrenched hard enough on the shell of space surrounding Raxxla, you might be able to tie a knot in it, or bring it together into a singularity.

TL;DR: I think Raxxla may appear to be a black hole, that somebody brave needs to point a FSD Interdictor at...
Click to expand...

I'll do you one better. What if Raxxla is hovering in witchspace as the Thargoids do? If CMDRGURU's on the right path, maybe Maia's BH is the gate to Raxxla, if the lensing experiments don't pan out. Another interesting line of thinking there is to line up the BH's lensing effect with Delphi as his group did with Barnard's Loop.

This could line up with the "Siren of the deepest void" line of the DW toast.

Edit: added additional thoughts
Last edited: Jan 6, 2019