Scytale
Banned
S
Apr 8, 2018
#2,118
Allin said:
Looking at the drawing - Gate is guarded by two stars. One high one low - North and South (Polaris and Sirius). Other things seem largely irrelevant. "Autism alarm" didn't went off.

For the Bifrost to work as in the mythology it needs to be ignited.

Sirius has been known as Lokabrenna ("burning done by Loki", or "Loki's torch"). Who so, the one who bears the torch (Lightbearer = Lucifer) ignites the Bifrost with Loki's Torch to open the gate to Arcadia. Loki is obviously the Nordic equivalent of Lucifer.

For the ones pursuing Egyptian angle - Sirius is associated with the goddess Sopdet... and look at the symbol over her head. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sopdet
lorrad said:
Also helps to know what's rolling around in those minds.
Throw this in the mix, Brooks is a fan of Lovecraft and has this tattooed on his back.
https://imgur.com/a/JPerY

Raxxla my be the doorway to the elder gods, a careful what you wish for myth.
Babylon 5 "Thirdspace" is a good syfy version of it.

Interesting. So, after all, it seems there ARE clues... on the skin of the Boss. He must be a fan of Prison Break too...
My two pence for the mix: ( beware, autism alarm ahead ! )
The star in the lower right quadrant of the tattoo might as well be Aldebaran (Alpha Tauri, 65 Ly from Sol and homing the Lovecraftian city of Carcosa ['You know Carcosa ?' True Detective]). We might see Derleth's Great Old One tentacular Hastur, the Indicible coming out of his den with his Byakhees all around. Can't remember the name of the scaled one...his servant iirc...
Concerned by the presence of the Archangel St Michael next to The Door or Gate (guarding from Lucifer/Loki ?). Can't remember any star specifically related to him which would help to furthermore confirm the Polaris-Sirius thing ...
Currently chasing our excellent Macros in the outer rim near BP... too far to investigate this tinfoil stuff ...

(Seriously, who in his healthy judgment would wear such a tattoo ? [haha] )
Last edited: Apr 8, 2018