Hanerib
Nov 26, 2023
#32,187
Hi guys,

I thought this would be the right place to share my encounter with Raxxla while hiking in the deep woods. I never told system authority or anyone else about my experience, I doubt they would believe me and just think I'm crazy. This happened a few years ago, late summer, I had a weekend plus a few days off work so I decided to go to Dark Wheel National Park for some camping and hiking, just spend time in the woods, you know. I guess I would consider myself relatively self-confident in nature, and I never had big interest in stories about supernatural creatures or native Tau Ceti legends and such really.

Everything seemed normal when I arrived at the park, the weather was nice, not too hot, I met a few hikers but not too many people. I spent a good few hours hiking along a trail until arriving at a camping site, I set my tent all nice and set and cooked some food with a portable stove. I guess the first thing out of ordinary was how silent the forest became towards the night, usually you'd hear birds and tree grubs, normal nature sounds like that. I had been in my sleeping bag for maybe half an hour when I started hearing some distant thumping sounds, like something walking in the forest, breaking branches, tearing bushes. It seemed to go further into the forest, then it was silent for maybe ten minutes, until resuming from another direction. I was quite tired at this point as it was very late, I reasoned it must have been some wild animal and couldn't really sleep, as I was constantly trying to locate the source of the sound.

What happened next almost gave me a heart attack, something flew right into my tent, a stone probably, almost tearing a rift into the fabric! I was quite annoyed and shouted loudly, this was directed at me by someone or... Something. Why would someone do something like this seemed so unreasonable, I gathered my courage and picked up my flashlight, aiming to confront whatever was causing the commotion. I looked along the forest line to my right and saw this huge dark figure standing next to some large tree trunks, I had a moment of terror knowing it was looking directly at me, before slipping behind one of the trees. It was like a ghost world or a portal between dimensions, seven or eight feet tall, definitely not an alien or a bear. Situation seemed like it was spiralling out of control at any moment despite the creature having obfuscated itself behind some bushes and trees, I knew I couldn't stay at the site and had to make a run for it, quickly grabbing my car keys and leaving the site as fast as a could.

I spent the night dozing off in a parking lot at a nearby settlement, and despite feeling terrible I knew I had to return to pick up my tent and gear. Upon returning to the site in morning, everything seemed normal, at least the tent was untouched. First signs of something off was my backpack laying next to some trees, teared open instead of being opened with the zipper, and it seemed all my things, food and gear was littered around the ground, except some old trinkets and knickknacks oddly enough. Looking from this direction I noticed some huge hexagon shaped footprints around the tent, no animal I know of could have made those, the thing must have been huge. I haven't been camping again, I don't feel the same about woods anymore. There is something dangerous out there, I truly consider this a life changing experience.