Garand1987
G
Feb 14, 2019
#5,996
Noobilite said:
There is one correlation to all stations from the raxxla symbol. The back of all stations have a hexagon shape cut into 6 wedges. Some have a circle of 18 notches that are red, but are not a hexagon like the raxxla symbol. They all have an object like the inner circle and two sets of lines that look like the 3 partial circles in the front(one on the main entrance, one on that little circle to the side of the mailbox.). So, the symbol has odd similarities to all interiors of all stations.(except the back and maybe front of asteroid bases.)

Not sure about exteriors yet. Haven't found enough really directly similar looking things.

And the 3 part circles is also the same as the reticule in the system map. But it is oddly upside down. And is always upside down to anything else similar like a cockpit reticule.

The only other thing that comes to mind is that we are all always spinning our wheels to figure this out.... 8\

Maybe that is the meaning of, "The Dark Wheel."

I'm still hoping to find an odd station that has more in common with the image... I wonder if the hexagon has any similarities to the outside of a Coriolis.

Notice that this base does not have a normal back. I just realized this. I wonder if we can whittle down bases that don't have full backs and check them all. (or maybe it's a normal one like this: )


Note: Both the large part of the station interior and the little part next to the 1 have similarities and a tripple partial circle design. Although you might need to look closer to see it on the little circle. Still not sure what that thing is.


I don't have any pics of the red rear interior. But I do have one of this which is slightly odd. The rear of each of these stations seems to be slightly unique.


I'm also missing a pic of the rear showing how most of them have the blatant hexagonal shape in the rear.

do any coriolis stations have 6 rods around it like how the mcarthur has two? I know some have 4. I think Euclid's station has 4 arms on it. Is it unique?

Found a link with some pics:

Click to expand...

It struck me mostly because I was coming into a station that had 5 long solar panels at the rear that would make the 5 spokes in the image, and the empty space between them makes up the black shapes in the symbol. The center would be the station body itself as viewed from the front (or rear I suppose). Idk why the station body would be made of a dotted line in in the symbol or what the three lines and dot correspond to, unless those are our ships reticule as you suggest.