Jorki Rasalas
Jan 27, 2021
#20,575
Emperor said:
Don't forget to train the speech recognition in windows and if you still have problems the log shows you what the computer has "heard" and if it keeps picking up the same wrong sentence or if you find you panic and keep saying something similar to the command you want but not quite right, you can add the misheard/incorrect words into the command you want... or just make up your own voice commands it can understand and map them to the relevant command.

Give me a shout if you get stuck, it's been a while since I configured my voice attack but can have a play and see if i can replicate the recording...

I'm guessing your GFX card is not made by NVidia? I think Shadow play can save the prev 5 mins with a hot-key which would get you past the "Damn I missed that green light again"....

No, I trained Windows10 Speech Recognition, just had problems with VA performance while flying. Perhaps it doesn’t like a Yorkshire accent! But no problem.

I played around with it yesterday. Can assign two simultaneous hotas button presses to trigger a command to perform events such as keyboard presses. So I got the XVidRec and ToggleVidRec functions working ok, which are shifted hat commands, but the unshifted hat commands (Lights, night vision) are also triggered. Not a major problem just a slight niggle. I guess the keypress command option is releasing the Ctrl Win keys before the alphameric key. What I think I probably need to do is set it to run a macro so I can force the alphameric key to be released before the Ctrl + Win keys, but not sure if Voice Attack allows this. (Edit: it does, but thinking about it the problem is more likely to be contact bounce on the hotas so a keypress macro won't help)

No, I have an NVIDA GTX1080, and used to use NVIDIA Experience+ShadowPlay but it’s such buggy bloatware and “updated” so often (each time it stopped working for me & often lost at least a day getting it to work again, plus losing the ability for screen capture whilst doing so, missed some interesting ED shots) so I gave up on it after a couple of years of frustration. Pity, it could be (& used to be) good, but every time they “update” it to cover new special features for some game or other they seem to introduce a load new bugs. I then tried MSI Afterburner for video capture but I had problems with that too. In the end sometime last year I tried the Windows10 Xbox gaming bar software & that has been much more reliable. There seems to be some constraints over which keyboard combinations I can use to trigger screen capture but it does work very well. I couple it with EDDiscovery’s ability to convert a screenshot into a compressed jpeg and rename the pic with the date and system+nearest body and move it into a folder with the system name in my ED pics file area -it’s great! The only drawback is EDD doesn’t have a similar renaming facility for videos, so they accumulate in my captures folder and I manually move & rename them (or delete them as I’ve missed the important bit!!!) as required.

Spent another couple of hours late yesterday afternoon fruitlessly looking for that darned elusive green glow. I think I’m going to nickname it “the Veridian Pimpernel”!! (That’s showing my age! )
Last edited: Jan 27, 2021
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420