CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 23, 2023
#29,002
I still maintain Elite Dangerous should be seen as simultaneously as a prequel and sequel but also a remake of Elite Classic has they had the technology at the time. Each additional game in the series has vastly expanded on the past and the future. It is truthfully pretty damn unique as stories go because so much is added with each iteration (both from a historical perspective and current events). The apparent timeline appears to indicate that Elite has several distinct eras:

Pre-Elite Classic and Elite Classic (anything before the 3100s and includes TDW novella, parts of Frontier and First Encounters lore and books, plus a substantial amount of in-game Elite Dangerous stuff)
3200s (encompass lore from both Frontier, First Encounters, Elite Dangerous, and most of the official novels for Elite Dangerous (still work in progress on timelining these)
3300s onwards (purely in-game in Elite Dangerous with a mix of FDev and fan-based lore for the factions and various organizations)
Keeping strict canonicity gets ugly with the way it has been managed but it appears to be continuous albeit with a substantial amount of cultural variation between superpowers to obscure it (because even TDW novella and Lavian Brandy explicitly mention Earth). Most of the obscured connections appear non-intentional and just adding a sense of realness to the lore that each system and superpower has a distinct culture. Though, I would argue some of the corporate and Pilots' Federation backstory might be intentional (see banking shenanigans as far back as Andceeth).


Note on the remake comment from the GalNet "Galactic News: The Thargoids" because even GalNet makes a point of questioning, "Are Thargoids real?" (apologies for long quote block - the most crucial part is at the end):

"Of course, for some, the question has already been answered. We have seen the aliens and we have given them a name: the Thargoids. But accounts of Thargoid encounters are shrouded in so much ambiguity, it is hard to accept them as proof of extraterrestrial intelligence. Furthermore, there have been no credible reports of Thargoid sightings for hundreds of years."

"The first reported Thargoid encounters date from 3125, when accounts surfaced that pilots had been pulled from witch-space and attacked by mysterious octagonal starships. Witnesses asserted that the strange vessels were exceptionally fast and remarkably manoeuvrable. Pilots who survived these experiences were convinced they had encountered extraterrestrials, and named the aliens 'Thargoids'."

"As news of these encounters spread, rumours surfaced that the interdictions might be a response to an earlier human attack. Leaked Federal intelligence indicated that colonists in the Veliaze system had encountered and assaulted an extraterrestrial deputation shortly before the Thargoid interdictions began. Suggestions that the Thargoid attacks were a reaction to this attack carried more than a hint of plausibility."

Not long after, reports of Thargoid encounters came to an abrupt halt. In the decades that followed, not one credible account of a Thargoid encounter was reported. For some, this was proof that the original reports were groundless – 'the fantasies of lonely pilots, looking for attention', as Arvan Corto of the Imperial Navy said at the time."

"But public opinion shifted in 3250 when reports emerged that the disappearance of the Thargoids might have been a direct consequence of a covert anti-Thargoid operation. An anonymous message, delivered to a number of media outlets, claimed that an organisation known as the Intergalactic Naval Reserve Arm had developed a chemical weapon specifically designed to target Thargoid technology. This chemical – known as the mycoid virus – was designed to attack plastic polymers, which were believed to be present in Thargoid hyperdrive systems. The fact that the virus also appeared to harm the Thargoids led to speculation that the aliens' bodies might contain some kind of polymer-like material. The report was dismissed by many leading political figures as a conspiracy theory, but some asserted that it contained enough plausible detail be believable."

"Since then, very little credible information has emerged. The original accounts from 3125 report that Thargoid ships can execute huge hyperspace jumps, while information purportedly from INRA documents indicates that the Thargoids originate from an ammonia-based world. There are even rumours that the Thargoids have a collective consciousness or 'hive mind'. Some of the less outlandish theories include the suggestion that electronic countermeasure technology was reverse-engineered from captured Thargoid vessels."

"And what of the barnacles, Unknown Artefacts and Unknown Probes? Many believe these objects are of non-human origin, which has led to speculation that they were created by the Thargoids. Unfortunately, however, analysis of these objects has not yielded any concrete information about their origin or purpose."

Click to expand...

Does anyone know who runs Galactic News? Was this some leftover from Lave or GalCop? They reappear in GalNet but I cannot find who is writing those entries beyond someone connected to Pilots' Federation.
Last edited: Jan 23, 2023