Jorki Rasalas
Jan 24, 2023
#29,017
Rochester said:
That quote if ever corroborated might just allude that if someone visited that system, they were not able to detect it simply because they employed the honk and jump behaviour; jumping in, blasts the scanner then leaves, doesn’t even look at the system map and moves on to their destination, or even less doesn’t even apply the scanner…

That to me is the most logical conclusion, something I suspect took FD by surprise and appeared on their awareness as ‘odd new behaviour’ hence why they ‘know why we haven’t found it’. Because we were not following the behaviour they expected of us!

FD had a huge level of depth planned for exploration, which they cast aside for a simpler mechanism; I actually liked the Mki eyeball variant of exploration, when the ultimate range scanner was introduced as standard it got real boring real fast.

I still suspect that is what was being referenced and that Raxxla appears on our scanners ‘now’, if not then it’s a dark object which either appears visually or only when your in close proximity to the POI?
Click to expand...
Don’t think we’ll ever get corroboration, and I don’t think anyone who knows about Raxxla will ever tell us anything helpful!

Re the “infinite range” Advanced Scanner-could be. Can’t figure out when that was actually introduced into the game. I thought it was before Lavecon 2017, when MB was supposed to have uttered that statement in a closed Q&A, but I could be wrong on that. And of course even after it was introduced an early explorer might just have had basic or intermediate scanners.

Unfortunately the statement, if true, also applies to Sol & Triton! I really hope Raxxla is not a Guardian “thing” hidden on Triton...it fits the clues but of course cannot yet be found because of the permit lock, which contradicts that MB quote that it can be found. This is where I think a decent set of clues should have been explicitly provided!
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester