CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 23, 2023
#29,007
Jorki Rasalas said:
Well, going on the Toast and Generation ships, this afternoon I’ve flown:
Sol-Nefertem/Thetis-HR 2351/Epimetheus-Charick Drift/Atlas-and approached WD core at 90* to the beams until temperature up to 80% at which I chickened. Then did the WD boost and jumped to Pliny (just because I liked the sound of the system name). Nothing to report!

However I see that interpretation of the Toast leads to Atlas. There is of course a system of that name in the Pleiades, which I’m surprised to see my second account Tyko hasn't visited (Jorki is on extended vacation in Jaques’ bar after the Gravitational Wave Hypothesis trek!). Found a reference that says the Pleiades are spiralling: https://www.insightobservatory.com/2016/08/seven-sisters-stars-spin-in-space.html

Anybody had a good search of that system? Can’t say I’m interested in endless hyperdictions and potential death by cabbage.But if Raxxla is there it would explain why the Thargoids are so interested in that area. And wasn’t it significant in the earlier games?
Click to expand...
Dual sun system with B5 III main star and an F3 Vb at some 11K lightseconds. 8 Planets are hot and metallic or hot and rocky. Station is oddly an Orbis (weird for one those to be out there) named Cyllene Orbital. Cyllene was a mountain nymph connected to Mount Cyllene in Arcadia in Greek mythology. Cyllene is said to have been Hermes' nurse while he was growing up. The station is truthfully the most noteworthy thing in the system.

Pleiades region was in First Encounters but unsure if Atlas merited specific mention. Pleione is where Mic Turner vanished.

On the mythology front (from Wikipedia):
Cyllene, when describing the lyre Hermes invented, offers a humorous riddle, saying that the son of Zeus has granted a new voice to a body that is dead, before revealing she is talking about a dead tortoise.



This may go deeper...
Atlas Holding the World Story -
Before the age of the Olympians in Greek mythology, there were the Titans. The Titans ruled in the universe during the Golden Age. One of...
www.theoi.com

One a side note, the only reason the Olympic gods were in power was a rather interesting alliance between Zeus and Hecate or alternatively Nyx. In varying stories, one or both break with the rest of Titans and side with the Olympic Pantheon against the Titans. Hecate and Nyx were only (Titan) goddesses feared by Zeus. Titans were more powerful than most of the Olympic gods and the only way they were defeated is treachery.
Last edited: Jan 23, 2023
Reactions:
Ataxia