El Saico
May 9, 2024
#34,004
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Allow me your consideration of the following as it may give us the alignment we seek. For I assure you, I have definitely seen hell.

"Jewel on brow of the mother of galaxies"
As stated previously, there is absolutely nothing allegorical here. Sadly, no one took the bait.
"Mother of Galaxies" - Milky Way Galaxy with its satellite children.
- V886 Centauri, 10 billion trillion trillion carats
Lucy's in the Sky with Diamonds: Meet the Most Expensive Star Ever Found





Line dividing heavens from underworlds...
Capella (Molotov's Claim) to Soholia (Molotovworld)




Central Axis:
Capella (Nobleworld and Gold) to Achenar (Capitol)

Line dividing upper underworld from lower:
Andceeth (Trouble and Capitol) to Achenar (Capitol)

There's probably more involved with the multiple New California planets and at least two planets named Conversion.

I believe this gives us Miltion's two trees:
The portal shone, inimitable on earth By model, or by shading pencil, drawn. These stairs were such as whereon Jacob saw Angels ascending and descending, bands Of guardians bright, when he from Esau fled To Padan-Aram, in the field of Luz Dreaming by night under the open sky And waking cried, This is the gate of Heaven. Each stair mysteriously was meant, nor stood There always, but drawn up to Heaven sometimes Viewless; and underneath a bright sea flowed Of jasper, or of liquid pearl, whereon Who after came from earth, failing arrived...
----
On each hand parting, to his speed gave way Through all the empyreal road; till, at the gate Of Heaven arrived, the gate self-opened wide On golden hinges turning, as by work Divine the sovran Architect had framed.

From hence no cloud, or, to obstruct his sight, Star interposed, however small he sees, Not unconformed to other shining globes, Earth, and the garden of God, with cedars crowned Above all hills. As when by night the glass Of Galileo, less assured, observes Imagined lands and regions in the moon: Or pilot, from amidst the Cyclades Delos or Samos first appearing, kens A cloudy spot. Down thither prone in flight He speeds, and through the vast ethereal sky Sails between worlds and worlds, with steady wing
Click to expand...
This system is centred [sic] around a white dwarf which itself is surrounded by the remains of its closest planet that was pulled apart as the star died. The system contains a number of planets - mostly gas giants that support a mixed industrial and refinery economy. A powerful crime family is said to operate within this system.

EDSM - Elite Dangerous Star Map
The Galactic Positioning System of Elite: Dangerous at your service.
www.edsm.net

Hm, the description explicitly draws attention to the star's asteroid belt. Of course, the sheer size of it makes finding something there near-impossible if we have to rely on Mk. I Eyeball alone...
In any case, it'd be very funny if Raxxla was next door to ShinDez - and thus packed with fleet carriers! - all along.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Jorki Rasalas