Jorki Rasalas
May 9, 2024
#34,015
Rochester said:
Just trying to passively analyse the codex without overthinking it, sometimes this can identify very obvious associations normally we ignore outright.

Here the search: ‘gateway to parallel universes story in fiction’ identified the Wiki text:

Fiction has long borrowed an idea of "another world" from myth, legend and religion. Heaven, Hell, Olympus, and Valhallaare all "alternative universes" different from the familiar material realm. Plato reflected deeply on the parallel realities, resulting in Platonism, in which the upper reality is perfect while the lower earthly reality is an imperfect shadow of the heavenly.

The Codex could simply be stating the obvious in some aspects, or reinforcing the meaning behind other segments, the description of a story about gateways might just be a reflection in the codex of the previous statement about Lost Realms, eg Paradises like Atlsntis etc, then the wider ‘Otherworlds’ of Holdstock and the Miltonian Universe in game?

Brookes As above, So below universe, built from the carcasses of Older gods..it might not be telling us anything specific, in some segments, but certainly reflecting upon the wider aspects of the overarching design?

Oh there I go….
Click to expand...
I do suspect the gateway is orbiting...from the codex's "The legend of Raxxla has been circulating, in whispers, for centuries"., and I think it will lead to somewhere else (probably named Raxxla) purely because downloading the Raxxla instance to the player's computer when the "gateway" is triggered is IMO the only way Raxxla could have been hidden from the file miners for all this time. And I think MB would have wanted to maintain Holdstock's lore in this respect. Hence the gateway object is either an orbiting body (with a bodyid, which may be hidden from the players journal) or an installation.

But I don't think the destination is an alien universe as per Holdstock, again purely from game mechanics and Dev effort. They've said they only implemented one universe, the Milky Way. I suspect it's a Guardian ship with terminals to their network. However it might be the "lost TDW station"
Last edited: May 9, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester