CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
May 9, 2024
#34,001
Allow me your consideration of the following as it may give us the alignment we seek. For I assure you, I have definitely seen hell.

"Jewel on brow of the mother of galaxies"
As stated previously, there is absolutely nothing allegorical here. Sadly, no one took the bait.
"Mother of Galaxies" - Milky Way Galaxy with its satellite children.
- V886 Centauri, 10 billion trillion trillion carats
Lucy's in the Sky with Diamonds: Meet the Most Expensive Star Ever Found
Deep in the Constellation of Centarus lies a star 50 light-years away from the Earth. This star is so…unique that astronomers nicknamed it “Lucy.” Lucy, also known as V886 Centauri and BPM 37093, is (at first glance) an ordinary white dwarf star. But it seems to hide something rather special. As...
futurism.com
Source: https://youtu.be/LKf6L2ZQcl4?si=p6l52rnvtoxzuCUv




Line dividing heavens from underworlds...
Capella (Molotov's Claim) to Soholia (Molotovworld)

Source: https://giphy.com/gifs/MayansFX-mayans-mayansfx-mayansmc-nx58G8CNzUf5zGWhWa


Central Axis:
Capella (Nobleworld and Gold) to Achenar (Capitol)

Line dividing upper underworld from lower:
Andceeth (Trouble and Capitol) to Achenar (Capitol)

There's probably more involved with the multiple New California planets and at least two planets named Conversion.

I believe this gives us Miltion's two trees:
Tree of Life (@Rochester's initial model)
Tree of Knowledge (my contribution)
The portal shone, inimitable on earth By model, or by shading pencil, drawn. These stairs were such as whereon Jacob saw Angels ascending and descending, bands Of guardians bright, when he from Esau fled To Padan-Aram, in the field of Luz Dreaming by night under the open sky And waking cried, This is the gate of Heaven. Each stair mysteriously was meant, nor stood There always, but drawn up to Heaven sometimes Viewless; and underneath a bright sea flowed Of jasper, or of liquid pearl, whereon Who after came from earth, failing arrived...
----
On each hand parting, to his speed gave way Through all the empyreal road; till, at the gate Of Heaven arrived, the gate self-opened wide On golden hinges turning, as by work Divine the sovran Architect had framed.

From hence no cloud, or, to obstruct his sight, Star interposed, however small he sees, Not unconformed to other shining globes, Earth, and the garden of God, with cedars crowned Above all hills. As when by night the glass Of Galileo, less assured, observes Imagined lands and regions in the moon: Or pilot, from amidst the Cyclades Delos or Samos first appearing, kens A cloudy spot. Down thither prone in flight He speeds, and through the vast ethereal sky Sails between worlds and worlds, with steady wing
Last edited: May 9, 2024
Reactions:
El Saico and Authari