Authari
May 9, 2024
#34,002
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Allow me your consideration of the following as it may give us the alignment we seek. For I assure you, I have definitely seen hell.

"Jewel on brow of the mother of galaxies"
As stated previously, there is absolutely nothing allegorical here. Sadly, no one took the bait.
"Mother of Galaxies" - Milky Way Galaxy with its satellite children.
- V886 Centauri, 10 billion trillion trillion carats
Lucy's in the Sky with Diamonds: Meet the Most Expensive Star Ever Found





Line dividing heavens from underworlds...
Capella (Molotov's Claim) to Soholia (Molotovworld)




Central Axis:
Capella (Nobleworld and Gold) to Achenar (Capitol)

Line dividing upper underworld from lower:
Andceeth (Trouble and Capitol) to Achenar (Capitol)

There's probably more involved with the multiple New California planets and at least two planets named Conversion.

I believe this gives us Miltion's two trees:
The portal shone, inimitable on earth By model, or by shading pencil, drawn. These stairs were such as whereon Jacob saw Angels ascending and descending, bands Of guardians bright, when he from Esau fled To Padan-Aram, in the field of Luz Dreaming by night under the open sky And waking cried, This is the gate of Heaven. Each stair mysteriously was meant, nor stood There always, but drawn up to Heaven sometimes Viewless; and underneath a bright sea flowed Of jasper, or of liquid pearl, whereon Who after came from earth, failing arrived...
----
On each hand parting, to his speed gave way Through all the empyreal road; till, at the gate Of Heaven arrived, the gate self-opened wide On golden hinges turning, as by work Divine the sovran Architect had framed.

From hence no cloud, or, to obstruct his sight, Star interposed, however small he sees, Not unconformed to other shining globes, Earth, and the garden of God, with cedars crowned Above all hills. As when by night the glass Of Galileo, less assured, observes Imagined lands and regions in the moon: Or pilot, from amidst the Cyclades Delos or Samos first appearing, kens A cloudy spot. Down thither prone in flight He speeds, and through the vast ethereal sky Sails between worlds and worlds, with steady wing
Click to expand...
Quite a compelling story, I had glanced at this post and hadn't given it much thought until I read it after I was done gaming 'mostly' a 100 million credit haul today hunting pirates. Anyways that was a good little testament you have there, the Lord of Raxxla would approve? Do you think Raxxla will lead us to the Far God? It is a Portal to another distant Realm, is it the Realm of the Far God? I know not, for the Lord of Raxxla has not made himself known to me, but it could be that Raxxla will lead us to the Far God which would make him the Lord of Raxxla.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian