Jorki Rasalas
May 9, 2024
#34,003
Rochester said:
Well MB may have indicated what Raxxla was not, which is to say it might be ‘something different’ when someone asked if SD was a good example, so we might assume it’s not a body?

I suspect Raxxla to be certainly in a system, for everything in game is within a system (an instance) so it must be something in a system but probably not a body, and like the garden design might indicate its within the structure of a system so possibly something around a body?

I suspect Raxxla is the construct/gateway/state of enlightenment but it’s - in a system, and that system is simply a ‘representation’ of Paradise - as a type of ‘Lost Realm’ like other examples also appear in game, that system hangs from the Empyrean. One might presume its in or of the rings of a particular body?
I compiled a list of everything we know about Raxxla & I think @Macros Black put that on the first page of this thread. I also have a link in my signature to a thread I compiled on interesting & possibly useful quotes by FD, though I think some have been overtaken by events over the years.

MB responded to a forum question arising from his novel Elite Legacy:
Q "Legacy was billed in the Kickstarter campaign as a sequel to The Dark Wheel, however, I was expecting more of a direct follow up ...There was a throwaway reference to Raxxla near the beginning the story but..."
A (MB): “It was more of a spiritual successor than a direct sequel. We did look at a story involving Raxxla, but felt that was a story that should be played out in game rather than as a novel.”

Underline emphasis is mine-So there is an in-game storyline/thread of clues that will lead us to it.

And the one you mention about the Founder's World
Q: "What is the founder's world name?...Shinrarta Dezhra... I'm a tiny little bit disappointed they didn't call it Raxxla "
A (MB): “Raxxla is something different"

https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/mostly-harmless-questions.4681/post-1112282

SO, MB was just saying Raxxla is something different from Shinrarta Dehzra...he wasn't saying what it is or is not. We have nothing at all to say what it is or is not, hence it could be any permitted ED object type.

It might, for instance, even be an installation which exist in-game but don't appear to have any bodyid identifier in the Journal file...I still don't understand the game mechanism behind that. They exist permanently and repeatably in-game but have no id? Presumably they have an identifier that we can't see?
Last edited: May 9, 2024
Reactions:
selbie, Macros Black, Han_Zen and 1 other person