Thatchinho
May 16, 2018
#2,448
Hanerib said:
If it's in bubble, I think it's going to be something very simple. Having been in-game for a long time now, and no location or associated data discovered, I think it's a planet, with no textures hence invisible, possibly low mass, and far away from arrival point in a system somewhere, could be anywhere. Even distinguishing from a comet could be difficult. If populated system, game has it registered as a POI, so no signal sources or conflict zones nearby. Finding it even when knowing where to look could be difficult. Just some bleeping sounds, and maybe a coriolis station, that acts buggy since game doesn't quite register it right. Something like this should be easy to hide in a game.

"This is never gonna stop Clay, this challenge will never stop"

A few things: Early on Frontier didn't know how exactly players would play their game, how long it would take to break a certain puzzle, find something or reach far-away places. Currently we have a galaxy where Sag A* is being reached in a few hours, and dark systems (brown dwarfs) near the bubble are still being unexplored. I mean those icy rocks that yield little credits. They were also probably expecting larger playerbase and majority of them in open mode.

"Winning"

Finding Raxxla means you have won the game, and credits will roll after that.

"We did look at a story involving Raxxla, but felt that was a story that should be played out in game rather than as a novel." Michael Brookes, Horizons Q&A in 2015

Those mysterious elite missions was playing this on and then they ended. No hints rule doesn't mean nothing to work on to figure it out. But if they broke the silence, that would build hype and I don't think they want that either.
At least those missions did mean Raxxla isn't Shinrarta Deszhra.

"Is Elite dying"

I don't think they expected Raxxla becoming more interesting topic than an alien invasion. Lots of pressure for Q4 update too. Thargoids currently feel rather under-developed aspect considering the long buildup for it. People like trying weird stuff, search for secret game mechanics and figure out hints, and alien story doesn't seem to offer much in that regard.
Disagreed on the last bit. There is absolutely stuff there. Just not sure how hard people are looking.