Rochester
Apr 18, 2022
#26,048
I’m still perplexed by the Raxxla logo.

Other ramblings aside; unless its very specific, one can only guess at its actual purposes or meanings within the logo. It’s likely equally singular as it is potentially linked to Guardians, but no other reference other than the prevalence of hexagons in game and the colour green there is no real method at present to assess what it could really mean.

So here goes some more tin foil.

As this is a symbol, a banner or badge of sorts, traditional heraldry indicates the hexagon or hexagram to be a star (this is a space game after all).

We can only presume the centre dot within a circle is the alchemical symbol for Sol, as that is the most prevalent meaning of the symbol.

I cant find any correlation to the 3 arcs which sit just outside this Sol disk, it’s probable these relate to something very specific, which is in game. They could relate to some form of signal, as graphically the only correlation I found was that of sound waves being emitted from a source; this may match FD practice of utilising audio in the past to rely information. And remember initially with the DW missions, we had the ‘silent song of the spheres’.

As mentioned previously in this thread, I believe the dotted line hexagon is a graphical style which indicates something hidden.

The spokes I have no clear idea about, however these too may well relate to Sol in regards to being a solar wheel; or it’s a runic reference to the tree of Yggdrasil, which is in game.

So to some degree then, if taken literally this symbol just indicates a star system and something hidden. That could be all that it means… something hidden in a star system (possibly Sol).

Given their contextual history these references all link to Sol; as there are no simple direct graphical references to indicate other systems, these being all created on Earth in the distant past…do we accept the developers are pointing to Sol, or is the image just saying… something hidden inside a star system (any system)?

I raise this question because we also have Delphi and Donars Oak, whose system is hundreds of light years away, and was inserted at the same time of the Codex entry. Coincidence, unlikely as FD made sure to remove other ‘likely unintentionally’ references to Omphalos.

Donars Oak is of course another reference link to the tree of Yggdrasil which is in game.

If it is relevant then is the hexagon linked to the Winter hexagram! Arghh!!!

This systems inclusion could be an allegory linked to Raxxla, but it equally may not (doubtful), as it is hundreds of light years away close to the Pleiades, the seven sisters.

But the Pleiades is a key element within FD narrative, it is also a key reference to Lovecraft lore. And in the past one of the stars, Merope, was thought originally ‘hidden’.

I’m also suspiciously aware the number 7 is rather prevalent within the Codex text.

The use of Philip Sidney ’Astrophel’ alias (as it is specific to him in the male prefix / yet female in the Codex?). We have MB influences within Norse myth, Lovecraft and John Milton… and the music of the spheres.

Again let me remind you, the music of the spheres and Paradise Lost all relate to Sol.

This just makes my creative mind jump; as a hexagram, within occult magic such as in Rosicrucianand Hermetic Magic, the hexagon could be attributed to the older 7 planets of Sol, with the center of the Hexagram appearing much like that of the Sephiroth or the Tree of Life with Saturn attributed to the Sephira of Binah, in the position of the hidden Daath.

Saturn also known as Chronos, is another very obvious connection to the Omphalos stone story.

The prevalence of Triton as a locked moon is also perplexing, although not improbable and could just be a coincidence.

I do find it odd, that Saturns polar hexagon is absent from the game, this is something which was well known to science for some time, since 1981, why did FD not include it or even correct it?

Has anyone listened / recorded all the audio emanating from within the Sol system, I suspect not, FD has put a lot of work into the games audio, the system scanner particularly produces audio inspired by RL astronomical audio… I wonder if one particular body presents something?

Again we put too much faith in FD being accurate, I presume many elements were done procedurally or it identifies an absence of attention to detail…

Then we have the fact that’s it’s two hexagons within each other. Possibly indicating a hidden star within another system; initially my thoughts were the outer hexagon was dark because it indicated a dark system (no longer in game / effectively these are brown dwarf systems) or a dark nebula….

However non of this is in any way concrete; and I suspect much of this is actually a conflagration of separate elements, designed by different minds over the years, which have been collated.

As to if such collation is intentional by FD or our own perceptions, I can’t say.

Without any keystone for reference we are still very much stuck in pareidolia. And I am still suspicious we could be looking at two separate narratives; 1 for Raxxla and another for the Thargoids; or they are two of the same?

My instinct tells me the Pleadies is the key, Delphi is prominently too close not to be relevant; whilst my intellect asks why all the graphical representations towards Sol?

I still believe the Codex presents this key stone reference, if we can only reveal with ‘eyes to see’ I’m positive the scales will fall from our perception.

However I remain hesitant that such clues are either arbitrary, far too simplistic (and obvious), or locked behind some narrative wall.

Source: https://youtu.be/qF7lFHuwi3E
Last edited: Apr 23, 2022
Reactions:
simulacrae and Han_Zen