Jorki Rasalas
Apr 19, 2022
#26,052
Emperor said:
Not read this in the manual before... Guess A Friend is TDW?


SECURE FEED AUTHENTICATED...DECRYPTING SECURE TRANSMISSION SOURCE AUTHENTICATED... SOURCE AUTHENTICATED... PRIMARY TRANSMISSION BEGINS...

Sue, Cripple & Sneer, Solicitors

Windrush Tower, Olympus Village, Mars, Sol System

0/0SO4 OL1

Reference: JAS 161200/42 Date: 16.12.3300

To whom it may concern, It is our solemn duty to deliver to you a package left with us, from a benefactor who wishes to remain anonymous at this time. The package was placed in our care with instructions to be delivered in the event – and only in the event – of your successful membership of the Pilot’s Federation. We have been so notified of said acceptance, following your grading in the recruitment aptitude exams, and so are carrying out this transaction in the manner as specified by our client’s wishes. The package is two-fold. Encoded into this transmission is the first part: a secure code. Use this code to access a starship account, pre-configured with your credentials, including a fully paid, indefinite lease, and comprehensive insurance cover. The second part of the package is a credit transfer to your personal account, which I can confirm was successfully completed at the time this transmission was dispatched. The attached message was also to be delivered to you upon receipt of the access code. We feel this matter has now been resolved to the satisfaction of all parties concerned. If you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact us. The normal fees of one thousand two hundred credits (1200 CR) per hour (plus Federal Service Tax) apply, plus a one off initial contact fee of five thousand credits (5000 CR).

Yours sincerely J. Sneer

ATTACHMENT-01

You may be puzzled right now as to why you’ve just received this little windfall. Nothing wrong with that – I’d be worried if you weren’t. But now get ready for lesson number one. When a golden opportunity comes your way – and trust me, they’re few and far between, my friend – reach out and grab it with both hands. Sometimes it’s clever to ask questions, and sometimes it’s not. This time it’s not. All you need to know is that my organisation has a very specific remit: to seek out those who have the potential to become real movers and shakers, those precious few with the talent to mould and shape the galaxy around them, to create change on a grand scale. We find them, and then we test them. Consider this your test. Take the ship. Take the money. No strings, no hidden clauses. Do with them what you will. Blaze your own trail. Impress me, perhaps you’ll learn more.

A Friend
Click to expand...
Mmm, I suspect not. TDW are a band of “adventurers, explorers, investigators and treasure-hunters”. Don't see why they would be interested in funding noobs to get into space. I think it is more likely to be a Guardian AI (or human AI-I haven't forgotten Sarasvati and the anti-thargoid human AI that implied, who I suspect is Salvation) recruiting pilots and throwing them into the pool of potential anti-thargoid fighters. I suspect the back story is that a Guardian AI came in one of their ark ships and founded the Pilots Federation to develop humanity in order to fight the Thargoids. Possibly even a surviving Guardian-don’t think we have any indication of their lifespan.

I suspect that Guardian/AI/arkship is Raxxla.