Allen Stroud
Dec 22, 2022
#28,643
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Just humor me for a little bit on this (if it is indeed nothing it will be interesting nonetheless). Yes, you were instrumental in a HUGE portion of the lore but that doesn't mean Braben and the team told you everything. Raxxla per Codex is either something like cosmic enlightenment and/or "a definite place that holds a mysterious secret". Let's just see where this goes because Frontier Developments thought it important enough to link the two on newsletter#61 in the lead up to the big jump of Jaques Station (see https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10043187 where I have it attached). Ackwada could be a great deal more important. Brenquith is also linked into Astrogator Tours in Bedaho via the beacons there. Our ships all use the Astrogator console. If the link is something actually important (and it absolutely may be nothing instead), we need to see where this takes us. I just cannot ignore repeated attempts to at least connect Jaques and Brenquith repeatedly.

Remember we are told about golden opportunities and not to ignore them. This has that same kind of potential.
Click to expand...
Sure, happy to let you develop your personal narrative of how this works.

I'm not saying I know the actual answers. I never have. In fact I've said the opposite. But, there is a way to go about discussing ideas. A lot of your posts are theories and based on your suppositions. It is important to acknowledge that. It is important we all acknowledge that with our contributions. That's the bit that is really important to being collaborative in these kind of shared investigations.

For example, when you say you are "99.9% certain" of something, you need to show your working for anyone else to be convinced of your ideas. The force of your certitude is not evidence. This is a supposition, a speculation. The number is your arbitrary allocation of how convinced you are about the idea.

Rochester is a good example here. He's gone down a Milton inspired rabbit hole, but he absolutely acknowledges that he's gone that way pretty much every time he posts about it, which makes it all the more interesting.

Again, I'll make the point about connections that make the Elite universe small. That is against the intentions of the background design. If all the narrative fits together in one big story, its far too convenient and goes against what we were trying to do. There have to be missing parts, not must missing links. That's integral to the design. The idea that the player is able to make their own narrative, so it can't just be laid out as a roadmap.

Additionally, Frontier have always been aware of the need for the game to be more than a conduit between two wikis. The experience has to mean something more than acquiring the knowledge.

The Codex information was developed after my time. There's contradictions between that and what I developed. The Codex is a newer source, so I'd be inclined to go with that over my concept documents. The Art Tornqvist reference was written after I was long finished with the material.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, Blaggerdy, Comandante and 8 others