CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 22, 2022
#28,645
Allen Stroud said:
Sure, happy to let you develop your personal narrative of how this works.

I'm not saying I know the actual answers. I never have. In fact I've said the opposite. But, there is a way to go about discussing ideas. A lot of your posts are theories and based on your suppositions. It is important to acknowledge that. It is important we all acknowledge that with our contributions. That's the bit that is really important to being collaborative in these kind of shared investigations.

For example, when you say you are "99.9% certain" of something, you need to show your working for anyone else to be convinced of your ideas. The force of your certitude is not evidence. This is a supposition, a speculation. The number is your arbitrary allocation of how convinced you are about the idea.

Rochester is a good example here. He's gone down a Milton inspired rabbit hole, but he absolutely acknowledges that he's gone that way pretty much every time he posts about it, which makes it all the more interesting.

Again, I'll make the point about connections that make the Elite universe small. That is against the intentions of the background design. If all the narrative fits together in one big story, its far too convenient and goes against what we were trying to do. There have to be missing parts, not must missing links. That's integral to the design. The idea that the player is able to make their own narrative, so it can't just be laid out as a roadmap.

Additionally, Frontier have always been aware of the need for the game to be more than a conduit between two wikis. The experience has to mean something more than acquiring the knowledge.

The Codex information was developed after my time. There's contradictions between that and what I developed. The Codex is a newer source, so I'd be inclined to go with that over my concept documents. The Art Tornqvist reference was written after I was long finished with the material.
Click to expand...
I am pretty sure there is enough wiggle room for more than one personal narrative and I suspect that they could take many forms. The Jaradharre Puzzle Box rare good is proof of that concept. Whether that can work on the Raxxla hunt, maybe. I suppose it depends on if certain clues are required to ultimately follow the trail to whatever it is ultimately. I mean you got to admit finding this thing has some pretty insane odds. This is partly why I favor approaches that inherently self-limit the search in some fashion. There are, however, tons of ways to search for Raxxla and each valid. It is more about the journey than the destination.

Perhaps when I get back, I need to get some Trinkets of Hidden Fortune and a Jaradharre Puzzle Box for luck.
Last edited: Dec 22, 2022