Rochester
Nov 5, 2024
#35,223
The garden design is of interest to me, essentially because it came to us unexpectedly, evidently being in plain sight for a significant period of time, it seemingly marred much of my research.

Granted this theory is open to pattern bias, namely I have a theory and it seemingly fits, so I want it to be true, so I theorise how it could fit. But I’m never one to advocate I’m 100% accurate; only maybe that sometimes, such things could be relatively a strong possibility.

Prior to the garden design coming to my attention I’d done a lot of research into Paradise Lost. What essentially stuck me as peculiar was its similarity to Milton’s cosmology.

I’m also trained in mapping, and that garden design, albeit abstract, has a number of repetitive elements which ‘could’ advocate legend markers, namely the benches and trees that are grouped in tight arrangements, and then repeated seemingly enclosing another.

That I suspect could advocate three maps in one.

The first circle could identify the location of the system, in relation to the wider cosmos. To give us a general idea of where to start searching.

The second could identify the number of bodies within that system, this helps us reduce the number of candidates and I suspect give us some semblance of easy identification.

And finally the third circle essentially could be showing us which body is of potential interest.

It may of course be totally arbitrary. But I do suspect clues to Raxxla have been seeded into the game overtime, it’s evident FD changed the narrative, but I don’t believe they ever stopped seeding the mystery.

Some time ago FD confirmed they utilised environmental storytelling throughout the game, and that players simply were not observant of many of these aspects (not necessarily Raxxla).

I’m happy for this theory to be false, but given we have no direct lead, this is a good potential candidate and may assist us narrowing down the search.

Or this could likewise be a remnant of that discarded narrative, I find that equally fascinating. However, I suspect not, given FD has shown a modicum of professionalism in identifying dead-ends in the past; although it remains a possibility, I am as always open to all and any possibilities.
Last edited: Nov 5, 2024