Rochester
Nov 5, 2024
#35,227
Emperor said:
Let's assume it does represent a map/guide of some kind... And describes a system or systems...

How do we relate it to the galmap?

That’s the question really, and I’d go out on a limb to say I suspect the garden design is not definitive, and possibly is an archaeological asset which was part of something much wider. Currently it may not be possible to interpret correctly if said assets were removed, or FD altered that narrative?

But in it’s basic concept the Miltonian cosmology identifies 3 zones, and thus it follows, that if these are replicated in game, it could identify a location for Raxxla.

A higher hemisphere advocating the Empyrean, the realm of god.

A middle zone of chaos, the realm of primordial creation.

The lower hemisphere of the underworld, the realm of Hell.

In game, there are numerous systems all named after deities; these are in strata’s; namely a higher hemisphere populated by higher themed gods of creation; a bubble of storm gods just below it; and below these a hemisphere of lower gods, named after death and the underworld.

In the Miltonian concept, Eden hung just below the Empyrean wall, from a golden chain, but just above/within the outskirts of Chaos (womb of creation) supposedly very close to the gate of Heaven, which itself was on the Eastern wall of the Empyrean.

Said gate was not directly above Eden, but connected to it via a descending stairwell, which indicates it likely was ‘just off’ that position. In the text directions we’re given to indicate it was not too far off, from where Satan first fell, which was a breach in the Northern wall of heaven.

Key findings references

The Older Gods
Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'

The Cosmological model universe
Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'

Robert Holdstock Conundrum
Thread 'The Robert Holdstock Conundrum'

The Path of Jacques
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10129970

Assumptions:
The design is essentially would work if it’s assumed that Raxxla is a Holdstockian Otherworld, and as like Eden a lost realm, and if FD has followed this model accidentally it ought be be under the North/East wall of the Empyrean?

I suspect this is a location is close or between the Thetis incident, the systems which identify the Norse Norns; Greek Fates and of Fortune which I’m suspecting could be around the axis, close to the North or Easter wall of the Empyrean; between also what I believe to be the Western wall of heaven, which I suspect is denoted by the systems of the Morrigans?

These areas I believe have been hinted at by FD through Galnet stories, namely the Thetis story; Starship crash; and the journey of Jacques.







However, I speculate the garden design is only part of this puzzle, and may if correct only outline a previous narrative; as by my interpretation the codex is not actually focussed upon this higher area, but is advocating something exists in the Underworld zone!

Either that indicates the model is inverted and Raxxla is a perverted Eden, or a Celtic Otherworld; or it’s trying to illuminate a path out of Hell to take us upwards; or it’s simply a mechanism for orientation to illuminate the existence of this cosmological model?

In part I believe the Codex, Elite Legacy and the Brookes Tours are all telling us to look for a path out of hell, I am unsure if this is the Miltonian path in Paradise Lost - which I am inclined to believe it is and is this outlined by the path of Jacques; or it’s a reference to some spiralling mountain, referring the works of Dante…

Last edited: Nov 6, 2024
Reactions:
selbie