Rochester
Oct 13, 2024
#35,061
Pondering again upon the term "Astrophel" where I’m entertaining the notion, what if it’s not literal but rather an archetype of unrequited love, because that theme does crop up regularly in other literature.

Given certain allusions from the works from M Brookes, in relevance to the Codex and Raxxla (who I believe is the chief architect) I am equally drawn to his brief association with Dante’s Divine Comedy.

Now Dantes model although highly detailed is not directly the same as that of the Miltonian model, they share many aspects and themes etc but Milton constructed his own version, and expanded it outwards; as to if Brookes saw such a division is an unknown.

Drabble Classics - The Divine Comedy
A blog about my explorations in writing and art - with the occasional side order of fries and philosophy.
thecultofme.blogspot.com

Dantes love is for Beatrice, who serves as an idealised love and muse, a guiding force through his spiritual journey.

The Love which moves the sun and other stars

‘then a great flash of understanding struck my mind, and suddenly its wish was granted. At this point power failed high fantasy but, like a wheel in perfect balance turning, I felt my will and my desire impelled by the Love that moves the sun and the other stars’.

The term Astrophel means star lover, and is an invention of Philip Sidney no other, some identify it as a male prefix. In the ED codex it is used alongside a female pronoun by the use of the term princess. Grouped descriptively also with ‘spiralling’ stars?

Logically the use of the term children’s book, may well relate to Elite Legacy. So I’ve been wondering what ties that book to Dante?

In Legacy the character Hammer (Brookes) talks of the Beaumont system, nonexistent in game, but technically within the underworld zone!

The term Omphalos, in the codex may not necessarily relate directly to that of Delphi, because the word also was utilised in antiquity to describe a mound or hill.

The mount of purgatory in the Devine Comedy, arose with several terraces around it, from the underworld. There were a number of stars shown in the sky; could be imagined as spiralling as the pilgrim walked upwards?

Dante as like Sidney, drew upon principal inspiration of courtly love, for him that was Beatrice, who symbolised various aspects of theology, divine love, wisdom and as the voice for God. She was integral as Dante’s guide, especially through the spheres towards the Empyrean.

So could the use of Astrophel in the codex, be a potential metaphor for Beatrice?

Of course there are no systems in game called Beatrice, although Beetrix might be a candidate, yet I believe it’s too far removed to be applicable.

But Beatrice was only one character out of a multitude in the poem. The primary character who is actually leading Dante is Mary, otherwise known as ‘Our Lady’ Dante also referred to her as a star and as the ‘Queen of Heaven’. Could Beatrice through her prominence as Dante’s guide be considered a Princess through similitude to Mary?

The poem is therefore could also be thought of a map to heaven, with the stars illuminating the way.

‘The sound of that sweet flower’s name,
the one I pray to night and day, drew all my soul into the vision of that flame of flames; and when both of my eyes revealed to me how rich and glorious was that living star that reigns in Heaven, as it had reigned on Earth, down from Heaven’s height there came a flaming torch shaped in a ring, as if it were a crown, that spun around the glory of her light’.

However, there remains several aspects with the Devine Comedy and the Codex, which cannot be identified, as much I feel these are evidence enough this direction is a folly.

Firstly Paradise, aka Eden is easily identified as being on the summit of the mountain of purgatory, the river Lethe (in game) springs from this exact location.

There is a system named after a section of the poem Paradiso, but it does not seemingly align with the other identifying elements so far uncovered.

Dante also explores elements of ‘lovers woe’ with the characters Paolo and Francesca, essentially literatures first star-crossed lovers; neither of these are in game.

So either the in-game author has mixed their source materials, and chosen only certain aspects for inclusion; or the puzzle follows no known contextual logic; or more likely Dante is a false lead?

Last edited: Oct 19, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae and selbie