Machina Ergo Sum
Dec 17, 2019
#14,137
FullM3talX said:
i agree with all what you said @Machina Ergo Sum. i think the difference is, you're looking at it from a lore point of view. and from that view, it makes sense that accessing SD is a big deal only reserved to very few pilots. im looking at it from a gameplay point of view. surely you wouldn't put a very important secret of your game, in the very first logical achievement that every player would think of having, wich is elite status? wich can be aquired by delivering a few hundred tons of void opals to a max selling station? is that what it takes to find and possibly join the dark wheel? the game even congratulates us for the first elite, and waves the shinrata permit at our faces. it sounds too easy to me from a gameplay side.

And how long did it take for someone in the beginning to obtain Trade Elite before the mining update? CMDR Onepercent, the first 3x Elite pilot, took 1029 hours which is not trivial at all. You can read about his whole experience here . It WAS a difficult journey. So how is it logical that you would apply the lowered difficulty NOW to judge the validity of TDW faction in the past? You have to imagine yourself in the world of ED.

FullM3talX said:
and as far as i know. those SAP 8 missions only have special in their name. other than that, they played out like a completely normal mission. not to forget that they dont exist anymore. (wich opens doors to many speculations on it's own)
SPOILER



Do you answer the call to adventure or do you refuse it? Questions?

FullM3talX said:
i dont know why gaining negative reputation with them sounds such a wild idea to you. think about it, the mechanic is there... you can actually do it in the game. and the codex hints at the possibility that the DW faction in SD could possibly be a fake. it also states that they train their children in secret, and only reveal to them the truth of their membership, once they do certain acts that proves their aptitude. i say, lets go set some fires in their stations. and see what happens lol

o7

Occam's Razor. Hidden in plain sight i.e. its not really hidden except via the observers' bias.

This is the problem with confirmation bias and choosing sections selectively to reinforce a preconceived conclusion. In the very first paragraph in the Codex entry for TDW, Felicity Farseer says "Whenever someone tries to usurp the Dark Wheel name, sooner or later they get quietly shut down. And that's how I know." There are 2 ways to see this: 1. TDW missions was removed is confirmation that TDW is a fake faction. 2. TDW is the real faction because it is still alive and thriving to the extent of expansion out into LFT 926.

FullM3talX said:
and the codex hints at the possibility that the DW faction in SD could possibly be a fake.

So the last paragraph in the entry is "It is not apparent if the group is a legitimate descendant of the original Dark Wheel, a reconstruction, or merely an opportunistic imitator" Of the 3 choices, you pick the last one. If we are going to just cherry pick, then there will be a lot of things which can be called into question. E.g. "No such starport has ever been found, however, and rival experts have accused Crane of forging her evidence in order to maintain the revenue from her billions of followers." So in this case, should we believe the rival experts and pay no attention to Crane's theory of "a disused starport orbiting the eighth moon of an unnamed gas giant"?

FullM3talX said:
i say, lets go set some fires in their stations. and see what happens lol
Spoiler alert:
SPOILER
Last edited: Dec 17, 2019
Reactions:
Nova McCool, Backelaer, Han_Zen and 1 other person