Eckee
Feb 11, 2019
#5,887
Noobilite said:
I agree. I think calculating the distance of all things mentioned in game and other things as a minimal form of deduction is the best bet to finding it. It's most likely the easiest way to figure all of this out. It could be really interesting what is found. None of what could be found would surprise me. If raxxla is in the bubble those things should be number one on the list of things to figure or refigure out to try to find raxxla. It's stupid to not to figure those things out before moving to theories outside the bubble. Especially as it's easier hypothetically and probably helps deduce things related to ideas outside the bubble. Even if it's by just a little bit.

It could be that the way to find raxxla is to figure all of this stuff out and find oddities about it that can only be found by figuring the entire game out and leading us too it. I would think such a thing would intended for the entire game to work together and figure it out or individuals with enough knowledge to go through it all. Obviously more people working together would be easier. Especially if parts of it are things like scouring the 9999 FSP stations to figure something out about them. If everything in game needs to gone over completely there are blatantly things that would require the community as a whole to go over to figure out reasonably. Especially if it ever involved anything related to combat systems or ownership as it now is. Like if it's possible to make stations fed just to see its FSP number or something odd like that. Either way, you can't know it's not related until you go over it completely. Even assuming things based on lesser data could be wrong because the hint could be in the smallest of oddities requiring you to go over everything in game completely to find.

IE, everything in the game needs to be scoured completely and in absolute detail to potentially find raxxla. If not it would help quite a bit.

These have been posted before if I'm not mistaken, but:





BTW, this adds a proposed theory about why systems become permit locked.

Also, went to lave and read the first 'Tharg'oid encounter. Has anyone unraveled the whole THARG thing? Is it possible that is a clue to their origins. Maybe they are some secret weapons project. Does anyone have a picture of these THARG letters mentioned?
Click to expand...

I haven't noticed any letter-like symbols/scars on any interceptor ever. Those must be different kind of ships, as we committed genocide on them . I'll be looking for the hull details but I think that detail is just for the story of the naming.