Cmdd_Legendie
Feb 11, 2019
#5,884
David Braben, Elite Dangerous and the search for Raxxla, i can't help but to be reminded of the film or book Ready Player One. How everyone is trying to find all the keys to riches unimaginable, and the way the first key was acquired was to do something nobody would think of doing because it didn't make sense in a race where winning is usually won by moving forward.

The difference is, even if someone here is on the correct path with their ideas, they wouldn't even know they were on the right path. Which is why I completely agree with that when someone do discover Raxxla, or discover the right path and they know it's the correct path, it'll be because Frontier allowed us to discover the correct path.

Personally like most, I believe it's within a mere several thousand light year radius of the bubble, perhaps the horse head region, but then again i do believe it's much closer and maybe probable that whoever discovered it's existence, reached Raxxla on a generation ship since that was to my knowledge the oldest and only form of long range space travel back then. Forgive me if it's been discussed a thousand times over but it's also good to visit old theories with new knowledge. I believe one of the first generation ships that was launched was named the Mayflower 97 that launched from the orbit of Luna in 2097

A while back I tried to calculate where it would be now based on it's slower then light speed and trajectory which would place it somewhere around 700Ly away from Sol I believe, and the oldest mention of Raxxla was in 2296, 199 years after the launch of the Mayflower and by the time of the first mention it already sounded like an old legend and interestingly enough? The first stop of the Mayflower was Tau Ceti…the same system that the codex mentioned Art Tornqvist and nothing was known of the ship and the crew after that, I know it's quite possible that it isn't canon to Elite Dangerous but because the legend of Raxxla was a legend at the time of the oldest recorded mention of it, makes me believe it wasn't just something they were looking at through telescopes back then but was reached by ships long before the first mention of it, by slower then light technology.

Edit: Also, someone by the name of CMDR Sol first calculated where the Mayflower would be based on it's speed. 700ly is just an estimate of where it could be if it didn't stop after Tau Ceti. Another mention in the codex was Delphi which a system was recently changed to that name in the Pleiades as we already know, which is about 350 Ly away from Tau Ceti. This is of course just connecting dots that may possibly not even have relations with each other.
Last edited: Feb 11, 2019