Han_Zen
Feb 10, 2019
#5,882
Ko Shiji said:
So the article talks about the X (X marks the spot) formed by the intersection of the Milky Way and possibly the Solar System orbital plane (different interpretations of what plane actually). But, the article has a picture (Fig. 1) that clearly shows the plane of the ecliptic intersecting the Milky Way at one star at the "foot" of Castor of the Gemini constellation.

So here's the Gemini constellation:


And with the stars named:


"Tejat Posterior" would be the X mentioned in the article.

gives a meaning for the name Tejat Posterior (as "Back Foot") and also names the other stars in Gemini.

Note how Athena (the star) is IN the constellation of Gemini.


EDIT: Interestingly, Tejat Posterior A is a red giant, and the star surface has a texture that is only in parts "plasma" like the surface of a star. In fact, there are large areas of the star surface that are transparent, and I can see a smaller sphere of swirling plasma INSIDE the star. Tejat Posterior 1 A orbits at 780 LS from the star, but the star is big enough that the view looks a lot like the image posted under the Dark Wheel codex entry (see page 1 of this thread). In fact, looking at the surface of the star in that Dark Wheel image, I'm inclined to guess that it's a red giant, and not a red dwarf.
Click to expand...

Both Teja Posterior, Teia Prior(propus) and Athena are well in the target area.
1 Geminorum (the third one on Castors foot), is closest to the galactic plane in the game. It also seem closest to the ecliptic.
I don’t think that kind of accuracy is relevant though. The dusty X is quite fat.

Jupiter is the dominant dust collector, so it probably has the most accurate plane for the Zodiacal dust cloud. But again, it’s quite fat. The general plane is probably fine.

The is of course another X in the southern hemisphere. That one is in Sagitarius, just a bit to he side of Sag A.

A few nice pics. and a good explanation of the phenomena: https://www.skyandtelescope.com/astronomy-resources/zodiacal-light-dust-thing-beauty101514/
Last edited: Feb 10, 2019