Tigorath
Jul 31, 2019
#10,063
CMDR Maylor Rom said:
Just a personal comment on the hunt for Raxxla.

After four plus years of theories on the where-abouts of Raxxla, with some of them rivaling the theories of the best scientific minds of our time in physics and astronomy, we have found nothing. Not one shred of what we could call evidence or proof, other than two statements from those at Frontier. This endevour reminds me of the Kryptos code outside of CIA Headquarters which no one has yet cracked. Almost 20 years after its dedication, the text has yet to be fully deciphered. It took ten years to crack the code of our own DNA, yet here we are four plus years into this search, and we have no clues at all, no workable theory, and no idea of what we need to do.

I have come to the conclusion, that if FDev makes no further statements on the matter, this has now become a fable at best and a hoax in the worst case, perpetuated by Frontier and dependent on our gullibility and belief in a story which seems to have little cohesion, based purely on lore. Frontier has a gold mine here. We all want the lore to be true. Some of us are so engaged we spend our time searching. Frontier is keeping us on the hook now with "no clues" and "it's in the game" as everyone loves a mystery.

Although I have enjoyed the journey, learned much about the galaxy and the game, and have met interesting people from around the world. I now believe that we ourselves keep the lore alive because it was given to us decades ago by Frontier for a game we love. Only when Frontier want's us to find Raxxla, will they give us the bread crumbs we need to find it. I also believe Frontier may have set aside some current permit locked system for Raxxla, but as of this date, Frontier does not have any current or future lore written for us to discover. I believe the 2020 Update, which is a paid DLC, will contain more about the hunt for Raxxla and any update after this will continue the saga.

For the game we have now, Raxxla is nothing but lore and fiction.

o7...
Click to expand...
Hey bud, I feel your passion on this. I was in on the hunt when the Unknown Probes turned up. I spent three months of my life hunting down the Guardians. You have actually backed me up on some of my stuff so do not give up now. Never give up.
Reactions:
Scytale, Count dEstard, Deleted member 52630 and 1 other person