Vetinari
V
Jul 31, 2019
#10,066
CMDR Maylor Rom said:
For the game we have now, Raxxla is nothing but lore and fiction.

That's half the problem, it always was. It was a re-used name by an author along with the DW as a good plot line for a story. A story to go with a game to give some background to the Universe. That's where it started and where it ended in DB & IB eyes at that time and probably the author's. That's why it wasn't in the game, it was never thought about as anything but a story manual to go with an actual game...maybe to provide interest on the long hyperspace jumps. Little did they know what we would turn it into. If the story was about the Kardashian Tree Frog we'd all be looking for that now instead, it was never intended to be anything is the problem.

Nothing is factual, clues in the Codex are written or told as oral myths or stories not written as factual points to work from. Even the earliest mention is a story dismissive of an old myth 'Sure, why not go find Raxxla while we're at it'. So even then it was or had become a myth. And that's the retconned lore!

I can see Raxxla being on the 8th moon, assuming DW station is guarding it. I can see both being somewhere completely different. I can see that none of it will tie into any existing myth or story with the answer 'Well we never said the clues were clues or anything but myth' (Like Salome message for the Rift returners). I can see it being 200LY from Lave, or next door to Beagle Point...or not in the game at all and we don't find out until Elite V...I can't see how anything will live up to our expectations so in some way I hope I never find it...


fast forward...FDev email July 2026 Sorry everyone, we forgot to hardwire the Server with all the Raxxla data on, into the mainframe back in 2015, we've only just found out, if you go to Lave now the beacons will show you the way as they were supposed to and the daily ferry will be active next week....
Reactions:
Scytale, JulesD, Deleted member 52630 and 1 other person