CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 16, 2023
#28,942
Jace Harriman said:
Whether that means the Thargoid Orthrus is somehow involved in herding or protecting a herd of somethings, or if it's because of this desert odyssey and/or Helios connection in the tenth labour, or something else entirely, I don't know. Also, having killed the sheep dog and the shepherd (and been meddled with by Hera), the cattle of Geryon scatter, and Hercules has to reunite them: perhaps the Thargoids (Oresians/Klaxxians) are the scattered cattle that needs to be herded together, or perhaps it's humanity who are the scattered cattle (disparate factions) being herded back together in common cause by this Thargoid War. According to Hesiod, Orthrus is also the father of the Sphinx and the Nemean Lion (another labour); Geryon meanwhile is a giant (although not a Titan) and the grandson of Medusa.
Personally, I believe Orthrus herds the Thargoids and keeps their lines relatively ordered but also helps the Thargoids expand. Should be noted though the stance the Thargoids have taken isn't inherently aggressive. By concentrating their numbers in 8 hotspots the current behavior serves more to put a barrier between the humans and the nebulas. If they wanted us extinct, we would see an singular push towards the core burning everything in the path. We aren't seeing that. At present we are still more aggressive than Thargoids insofar as posturing. As such we probably haven't met the Klaxxians, yet. Humanity really needs to learn to quit gambling with our future. We are still dealing with the more gentle species in all likelihood. Also, if there are artificial intelligences they will not hesitate to eradicate us if we are deemed a problem.

That said, Thargoids seem to have natural ability to manipulate access to Witchspace/hyperspace and so wouldn't really need special technology. As the lore stands at present, it looks like Raxxlans were the Guardians or something else entirely. I say this as Polaris and Soontill systems would be far too warm for Thargoids as ammonia boils at -28.01°F/-33.34°C/239.81 K.
Last edited: Jan 16, 2023