Edelgard von Rhein
E
Jan 20, 2023
#28,957
I am going to try a different approach here, so bear with me as I deliberately turn things upside down and see what sticks.

To begin with I am going to start with the following hypothesis: Raxxla is only a myth and not a 'thing' that can be found in-game.

My next step is to attempt to disprove that hypothesis.

To do this I need to ascertain the reasons that make me think Raxxla exists and see if I can find any cause to discredit them. This will not be easy, as many sources are already dubious. Even the Codex has to be doubted, unless its information can be verified independently.

So, why do/might I think Raxxla exists?

[1] It is interesting and a fun idea.
[2] Past experience with the lore, starting with the novella The Dark Wheel by Robert Holdstock.
[3] Lore videos with the developers, especially Michael Brookes.
[4] In-game missions hinting at involvement with The Dark Wheel and Raxxla.
[5] The Codex sections on Raxxla and The Dark Wheel.
[6] In-game Tourist Beacons mentioning The Dark Wheel.
[7] The existence of an in-game faction originating in Shinrarta Dezhra called The Dark Wheel.

It is clear at first glance that I am linking the existence of the The Dark Wheel with the existence of Raxxla. That is only an assumption! I have no real grounds to support it. There might well be a clique within the Elite Pilots' Federation that chases myths and legends but that does not mean that they ever found Raxxla or that it exists.

So, how do the reasons above stand up to scrutiny?

[1] Wishful thinking!
[2] Past lore cannot be considered canon unless independently confirmed in-game.
[3] Out-of-game statements need to be confirmed in-game, else they could be unreleased or abandoned works-in-progress.
[4] I remember doing some of these myself - iirc they were back when you needed the stated rank to accept a mission. There were variants requiring Elite ranking in combat, trade and exploration and I had Elite in exploration so I could only do one of them.
[5] The Codex states that Raxxla is an unsubstantiated myth and that The Dark Wheel's primary objective is to find it. It gives the first known mention of Raxxla as being in 2296, Tau Ceti. How accurate that is remains unclear - it is not like we can look up Art Tornqvist on social media! Also, there is other information (e.g. mention of the Omphalos Rift) that is unverified elsewhere in game afaik.
[6] The Tourist Beacons in question are in Shinrarta Dezhra and thus require Elite ranking to visit. I have visited them but they make no mention of Raxxla having been found. This is more like a confirmation of The Dark Wheel's existence.
[7] As per Felicity Farseer's comments, this may or may not have anything to do with The Dark Wheel. I have seen a story that mentions Alessia Verdi (iirc) suggesting it is distantly related, as a diversion to keep the inquisitive occupied, however I do not think that is canon. Since the faction's progress is effectively now in player hands as another minor faction in the BGS, unless it has different rules allowing it to expand into permit-locked systems (which it does not have from current testing but the process continues), or give unique missions, then there is no evidence of it being special, to date.

Where does this initial assessment leave Raxxla?
Unconfirmed.
There are nothing but rumours after more than a thousand years of the myth existing. The sources of these rumours are not open to examination - they are simply presented to us in the Codex. I cannot even prove that Art Tornqvist and his associate, Cora, were real people in 2296.
The existence of The Dark Wheel, however, does appear to have some substance. There are/were missions relating to them, they are mentioned on Tourist Beacons as well as in the Codex and have an in-game minor faction.
As to evidence of a shadowy cabal influencing humanity, there is no need of Raxxla for that to happen.
If there are people exploiting Raxxla, that implies a certain level of either technological development that would not be possible otherwise, or that information (scientific or otherwise) was being used to secure an advantage (financial, military, technological etc.). In the former case, there might be spacecraft/stations with non-human technology, whilst in the latter there might be sudden jumps in technological development or shifts in the balance of power between corporations or other bodies controlled by the cabal.
Sirius Corporation fits the latter description.

Next steps:
1) Continue searching for The Dark Wheel station. If it really is futile, as the Codex says, then at best it can only be determined where they are not based. (Seriously, those guys need to learn how to ask for help...)
2) Investigate Sirius Corporation. All Tourist Beacons, Codex entries and available missions from the minor faction. Also visit the Sirius system, map all bodies and investigate POIs.

This is only the thinking of one person who really needs to learn to find a sense of direction, I am sure there are many other avenues for thought. Maybe it will help to trigger an idea in someone who reads it, who knows?
Fly safe!

P.S. regarding Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars: looking at the cover on wikipedia (since the book does not exist in-game) there is mention of a ring with a ruby inset. I might head out to the Ring nebula and see if there is a red star around with a beacon, though it could also be referring to a ringed red star - which are rare but exist and might be a match for the Codex image of The Dark Wheel station...
Reactions:
SpocksOddSocks, Rochester, Macros Black and 1 other person