Jace Harriman
Jan 16, 2023
#28,941
Apologies if I'm touching on anything super obvious and/or that has been discussed before here: I'm pretty new to the deep lore side of Elite Dangerous, and I've only started to scratch the surface of this rather epic thread you guys have. There were a few things that sprung to mind reading back through the last few pages though.

CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Who are the Oisir-Raxxlans?
Are the Oresians the Oisir-Raxxlans?
Is the rumored Oresians and Klaxxian divide a civil war between the same species? Or between two species?

My (limited) understanding is that the Oresians are meant to be virtually indistinguishable from the Thargoids physically, but are distinguished from them because of their more aggressive/emotional reactions, rather than the generally more calculated actions of the Thargoids. Maybe this is super obvious and has been thoroughly suggested elsewhere, but it's interesting to me that we've recently experienced quite a profound shift in the actions of the Thargoids, from passive Thargoid behaviour to something more like aggressive Oresian behaviour. We also saw that behaviour shift in certain areas of the galaxy, and certain kinds of encounter, but not in others. Is it possible that we've made the (easy to make) mistake of mistaking Oresians for Thargoids? Could Salvation have provoked the wrong group, and/or are we looking at Oresians and Thargoids/Klaxxians who are no longer at odds with each other - we're perceiving a united whole when we are in fact dealing with a bipartite culture?

Another thing that stuck out while reading up on the Oisir-Raxxlans, one of the things they are credited with is a desire to develop faster than light travel. I'm sure this probably came up while discussing the Stargoids when they first appeared, but they are quite definitely capable of faster-than-light travel. If the angry Thargoids are the Oresians, if the Oresians are the Oisir-Raxxlans, and the Oisir-Raxxlans are looking to develop FTL, then perhaps the Stargoids/Titans are the success story at the end of that?


The other thing that I wanted to comment on is the Odyssey and Greek mythology side of things. First off, Homer's Odyssey is certainly a story about a journey, and one through foreign and unfamiliar lands, but it's also a story that's about a return. I've seen some chatter about the navel of the world, and possibly a location near Saturn (my disability makes aborbing information a bit tricky, sorry my grasp of this is so vague!), and while we've been assuming that the Stargoids were all on an Earthwards trajectory because it's the epicenter of the bubble, what if there's more to it than that? Are there some clues or references that I'm not familiar with that might fit with the idea of the Stargoids, Thargoids, Oresians, Oisir-Raxxlans returning - their return as a threat, sure, but maybe to some sort of Saturn-adjacent origin point as well?

I'm certain I'm not the first person to point this out, but all of the Human names for Thargoid ships are Greek in origin as well. Hydra, Medusa, and Basilisk are all snake-adjacent - super fitting for the snake themed ship names of the Eliteverse - but Cyclops and Orthrus stand out as something a little different. Cyclops is interesting because there's a notable story about a Cyclops in the Odyssey - the story of Odysseus claiming that his name was "no one" (or at least, the Greek equivalent) before blinding a Cyclops, so that when he was asked who had harmed him, he replied "no one". It's a story about attempting to remain anonymous, and doing so for the purpose of striking a blow at a Cyclops enemy - one could argue that this is a role filled by Salvation. Caleb Wycherley himself is a man who returned from an odyssey of sorts, and there's also some speculation floating around that he might return again having survived the Proteus Wave incident. In so far as the Odyssey expansion has a main character, Salvation is one of the leading contenders. Is he the metaphorical Odysseus of this story, and if so what role does that cast the rest of humanity into?

Taking that a step further, the Odyssey also prominently features the character Circe: the daughter of Helios (the sun; a Titan) in some sources, and a renowned enchantress, and who for a period was the consort of Odysseus. While Salvation may be the Witch in this equation, Seo Jin-ae's ability to communicate with the Thargoids could be seen as a bit of an enchantress ability, and since her abilities are the result of some sort of experimentation or hybridisation with Thargoid technology, one could argue that metaphorically speaking she is the child of two parents/worlds - she's a child of Helios (Sol), but she's also the offspring of a Thargoid ship; maybe even a Titan.

The other non-snake Thargoid ship is the Orthrus. This has nothing to do with the Odyssey, but does have something to do with Hercules. Orthrus is not a snake or a cyclops: he's a dog, specifically a two-headed dog, and the brother of the three-headed Cerberus. He shows up in the tenth of Hercules' twelve labours, as the dog guarding the Cattle of Geryon. As part of this myth, Hercules becomes frustrated while crossing a desert (an Odyssey?) and shoots and arrow at the sun; Helios is impressed by his boldness, and lends him the ship that Helios uses to sail across the sky. Not particularly a smoking gun, but it's very interesting to me that FDev would choose the name Orthrus out of all things, particularly when there are a) better known watchdogs in Greek mythology (like Cerberus), and b) still some Greek mythology snake names to choose from. Whether that means the Thargoid Orthrus is somehow involved in herding or protecting a herd of somethings, or if it's because of this desert odyssey and/or Helios connection in the tenth labour, or something else entirely, I don't know. Also, having killed the sheep dog and the shepherd (and been meddled with by Hera), the cattle of Geryon scatter, and Hercules has to reunite them: perhaps the Thargoids (Oresians/Klaxxians) are the scattered cattle that needs to be herded together, or perhaps it's humanity who are the scattered cattle (disparate factions) being herded back together in common cause by this Thargoid War. According to Hesiod, Orthrus is also the father of the Sphinx and the Nemean Lion (another labour); Geryon meanwhile is a giant (although not a Titan) and the grandson of Medusa.

Lastly, still on the subject of Orthrus: the two-headed dog reminds me a little bit of Sirius and Procyon, which are Alpha Canis Major and Alpha Canis Minor respectively. While these are separate constellations, they are both physically close, and linked to each other in terms of gameplay, Procyon being one of the most convenient places to earn your Sirius system permit. Canis Major and Canis Minor are sometimes considered the hounds of Orion; there's not necessarily an explicit connection to Orthrus, they're just the first thing that springs to mind for me from astronomy when I think about a two-headed dog. It's worth noting that both of them are binary systems (two-headed?) and that Sirius B is even orbited by the planet Lucifer, which links us back to Paradise Lost a little bit.


I am not well read enough on Elite lore to have any deep insights on any of these observations, I just wanted to throw them out there in case they sparked off any thoughts for anyone else!
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, John Stoutbeard, Rochester and 4 others