CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 16, 2023
#28,944
Jace Harriman said:
I still feel that the Stargoids represent a bit of a propulsion oddity, though. While sure, our ships can travel faster than light as well, the Stargoids were able to cross vast interstellar distances in a matter of weeks, far beyond what our FSD technology is capable of. That is unusual, because as you point out, we know the Thargoids normally rely on Witchspace for their interstellar travel, just like we do. It could be that for some as yet unknown reason, FSD style propulsion just doesn't work for the kind of vessel/object that's at the center of those maelstroms, but it still represents something that's outside the scope of the tech that we have, and that we understand the Thargoids to have. That's what I was latching onto - the fact that FTL is specifically called out as a subject of interest/focus for the Oisir-Raxxlans, and the Stargoids seem to represent something new/special in that regard.

I'm afraid you've lost me bringing up the boiling point of ammonia, though. Is there something algorithmically in the way Elite Dangerous generates planets that would prevent an ammonium world from forming around a star like Polaris? Admittedly it's been over a decade since university so my astrophysics is a little rusty, but around a hotter star an ammonium world would just need to be further away, no?
Click to expand...
Just that with larger M-class, any F-class, almost any G-class, or any K-class stars the planets have to be much further from the star to reach the ideal temperature. Elite Dangerous actually does a fairly solid job on modeling temperatures vs distance to the stars (or brown dwarfs) in the system. Basically, if the chemical your species depends on for bio-chemistry is only stable at cold temps you would need a planet very far from hotter stars. All of those with the exception of some M-class get hotter (and sometimes much hotter) than Sol's surface temperature.

For perspective: it doesn't get properly cold in Sol until Jupiter which is greater than 5 times the distance from Earth to the Sun.
Last edited: Jan 16, 2023