Rochester
Jan 20, 2023
#28,959
The thing is @Edelgard von Rhein, good intelligence investigation establishes each titbit of data a reliability score (this is established by the user, there are commonly utilised descriptions) as to if data is reliable and known. This helps to establish what data can be assessed and what data informs upon assumption or what might be worthless or form an intelligence gap, or fuel bias.

Now your assumption is refreshing, because quite rightly, there is no definitive evidence! Let’s have some fun…(in no particular order)…

1: Drew said David told him it’s in game… the source is open not closed ergo not from FD directly, so the reliability will be low; the data is unknown, as it cannot be corroborated; also Drew changes his story, and embellished it! So ultimately this data has a poor score.

2: M Brookes states that it’s in game / in the galaxy / that there is nothing to say at this moment / that it’s a story to be played out in game? The source is closed, ergo trustworthy as it’s via FD, so ultimately the score is higher, yet there is a temporal context so its not clear, giving it a low score.

3: Braben states in a video, and really this is the thread of evidence it all hangs off, is that ‘does Raxxla exist…erm there’s an interesting one’, this source is closed ergo it’s trustworthy, but like Brookes the context is not actually definitive (yes it’s open to debate, but classically where there exists doubt, automatically negates a low score), he doesn’t necessarily state its in game… so again it’s an unknown; so ultimately the score is low…

4: Ascorbius states that someone from FD (I don’t want to repeat whom) said that a player had supposedly been to the system where Raxxla is and honked and left, not finding it; the source is open, not via FD directly so the score is low; yet is unverified, so again it is not known directly, so like the Drew statement overall a very low score.

5: We had the old PF/DW missions, the source is closed ergo FD so trustworthy, however the context is not clear as Raxxla is not directly named, only alluded to, so the score is a little lower, but reliable… but then FD go and remove the missions!

6: we then have to consider FD modus operandi, namely their process of inserting content narratively. This is evidenced throughout the game’s history, the Guardians, the Thargoids etc, also Arthur from FD Com Dev stated this as a fact… this itself adds a level of doubt…

So on and so forth…

In every instance, even with the codex there is NO definitive evidence to confirm it’s in game. The ONLY point it’s directly indicated is when it’s named in the Codex, even then that text tries very hard to infuse doubt.

You are absolutely correct.

I quest because I want to prove this logic false, yet I accept it’s a fools errand. I don’t play the game to grind credits nor kill for pleasure, I don’t actually care about being the first to find Raxxla, hence why I share information, it’s my scientific training; I’m an explorer, and Raxxla is a wonderful bait and switch to keep me exploring… finding a star and giving me a reason to physically go there…

It’s a good lesson for us all, not to be too reliant on faith and trust in FD, as Raxxla is more likely than not, not in game ‘yet’… but it might be… but that’s proposition, that’s tin-foil, logic would state categorically it is not…

At one point I tried the same as @Edelgard von Rhein, but I for fun treated the data as trustworthy…because I knew the data ultimately was not… but even then, logic only provided a <50% maybe… if we scored the data accurately as above, it would actually be much lower, in that regard such an analysis normally would recommend it’s likely not…

That’s why we quest.
Last edited: Jan 21, 2023
Reactions:
Darrack