CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 18, 2023
#28,953
Emperor said:
I do have the feeling it was confirmed by FD it was the right one though...
I think you are right. I just don't remember when that happened. {sigh}

Apparently, diving through interviews may be in order. In which case, this from GalNet ("Soontill Relics Test Results Queried") just became more important:

“We were looking for key markers,” explains Chief Xeno-Chemist Lyran Betar. “Elemental make up, crystalline structure, anything that indicates it could have originated from human hand.”

And the results? Inconclusive. The research team’s results clearly state that no known human technology could have created the relics, yet they do not quite align with known Thargoid materials. Whatever they are, they are indeed very old, with isotopic dating indicating that they could well be tens of thousands of years old*.

Jean Molyneaux, a historian from France, Earth, suggests we look back at our own past to determine the home of these relics. “Imagine an alien travelling back two thousand years into mankind’s past. The varied culture, arts and building materials of the Aztecs, Greeks, the Shang dynasty, what have you, the alien could think they were all different species, if that was his way of thinking…”

The community seems wary of awarding these artefacts any title yet, given the fifty years of false hopes since Soontill was first mentioned by the Thargoids. However, reports indicate that these relics have now arrived at labs on both * for further testing, and with any luck, we may soon finally agree on what these relics are, or are not.
Click to expand...

* - Guardians and Thargoids should both be millions of years for almost anything especially for Guardians. Thargoids it depends on what you are dealing with but at worst we've seen their crashed ships and not much else.

** - There are TWO planets named Capitol in Elite Dangerous - one Federal in Andceeth (the ancient Financial capitol before Zaonce) and Capitol in the Imperial capitol system of Achenar.
Last edited: Jan 18, 2023