Yuki Estelle
Jan 29, 2021
#20,704
PurgeTheXeno said:
Maybe one area lights up for each rank you have.

I'd wager it's unlikely, but as with all our theories at this point it's completely possible. I've not seen any convincing arguments for being Triple Elite when it comes to hunting Raxxla, unless perhaps it's connected to TDW. It's always worth experimenting with if you're interested, but most Green Glow participants come from a variety of Elite ranks and havn't seen special activity.


Jorki Rasalas said:
If this phenomenon was related to other ship’s in SC, then why does it only appear in Sol? It hasn’t been reported to my knowledge in 5 years of flying in ED.

I was actually thinking about this the other day. Getting a green glow to show up takes time (even if you're looking), maybe someone should head to another system and spend a few hours trying to spawn one there? It could be the fastest way to get more information.


Merlin StWahgwaan said:
Heres a good one,
Has anyone put their head cam into free view on green glow experience, and tried to look INSIDE your cockpit, behind your chair?
Like in VR, you can see the enitre inside of the pit, ect....

SPOILER: REAL PHOTO TAKEN OF ELITE PILOT DURING GREEN GLOW ACTIVITY

In all seriousness, this could be valid. It would explain a few things, such as why the light doesn't react to maneuvers in the same way outside sources do. I've always subscribed to the idea that our ship's systems were purposefully designed to limit us (think about permit locks), so if your onboard computer was disabled you would essentially be "unleashed". Wouldn't it be interesting if the Omphalos Rift could deregulate your ships navigation? Food for thought.


Stonn Mrogg said:
I was in an iEagle and didn't have luck with the hunt last time. I saw Phantoms and DBXs are featured in the green glow vids. Are those the preferred ship for this endeavor?

Just my opinion, but anything maneuverable would be helpful, so the Eagle is actually a good choice. Phantoms and DBXs (while not the most manouverable) are useful because of their cockpit views, which are very open with lots of windows that make searching easier.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and Stonn Mrogg