Han_Zen
Jan 9, 2020
#14,553
Vetinari said:
It would, but its not in character for fdev to do that. Use symbology and myths yes, rewrite them, not yet.

I found an unmapped system in the bubble last few days, Brown Dwarf and Ice Planets, didn't have mapper with me, got blown up and forgot where it was, maybe its easier than I thought to lose a planet. And obviously very easy to hide something pre FSS and Surface Scanners.

Im not sure why becuse this is a pd fthat it means more than any other theory by anybody else. I haven't seen any evidence at all let alone 'Overwhelming Evidence' as mentioned twice that any heroes journey is in game, the one part of the game we all know is we are not a hero. the game does not rotate around us. Also doesn't seem 'tiny bit obvious' to go on that convoluted route. Please at least show me what the overwhelming evidence is if youre going to base the entire theory on it, don't just refer to it off screen.

You might as well link it to the Engineers Bases, at least some of them have references that make some kind of sense to the toast;

To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!
To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void!
The parent's grief, the lover's woe,
and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla

Abel Laboratory / Phoenix Base / The Jet's Hole,
X, Kraken's Retreat / Long Sight Base / Farseer Inc,
Paters'Memorial / Abel Laboratory, Abel Laboratory
Fortunes Loss / Traders Rest / Prospectors Rest / Sanctuary, To Raxxla!
Click to expand...
I don't think FD have rewritten any myths. They may however have inserted a pre-mythological alien visit in earths virtual history. Traces of what the aliens told our virtual forefathers may fit with actual myths.

Personally I have a feeling that there is a link between Raxxla and the Guardians. Rafe Zetters description from TDW reads: "Your father was chasing the mythical planet Raxxla. Does it exist, or does it not? If it does, then on Raxxla there's an alien construct that's a gateway to other Universes, and all that's in those Universes in the way of bounty, and treasures, and aliens, and life"

Construct is the name FD have given the Guardian AI.
Other universes sounds a bit non physical. Well suited for someone without a body or fleeting yet eternal.

There are of course no evidence of anything. Just whispers in witchspace.
Reactions:
BluWolve, ExoForce, Machina Ergo Sum and 2 others