Vetinari
V
Jan 9, 2020
#14,559
Han_Zen said:
I suspect that the planet was found using far more shady methods. The background stars may have been used to confirm the position of the system, but the discovery was way to quick.

According to the Codex, it was Halsey's visions that lead to the discovery. The fact that FD credits the NPCs(in the video) with first discovery and not commanders, tells me things didn't go according to plan.

Ive heard both versions as well, wish there was a definitive answer from fdev or someone but I probably will never know the truth.

I was too late to that party so even that info is confusing as Im not sure what happened, how it was reported or what the lore about it should be. I do wonder how much info fdev is expecting us to find as new players about the game and where it is now and why or whether they re-refer to anything important (permanent record in the codex and certain logs in Archives) theres no way to go back to day 1 in GalNet in game for example to see all the background stories about Halsey. to me they are a non-entity in my game, they mean nothing to me. Should they? (rhetorical question for fdev maybe)

A lot of it comes down to, what journey/game is fdev expecting me to have and do they have the same 'input' today as in the first few months or years when a lot of the galaxy was being written seemingly with the players direct experience in mind? Or is that a mis-perception of a newer player hearing all the stories of the old days and hunts and chases across the galaxy? Blaze your own trail, yes, but how much are you wanting me to do certain things, you encourage me to visit thagoid space and sites via Felicity Farseer, Guardian through Ram Tah, Colonia even through the Codex and Engineers. Nothing so far points me to any gameplay history, no signpost to Tionisla or Salome or Halsey for example, or am I missing them? What story journey am I expected to be on compared to a player 3 years ago? Do certain things just happen and not need remembering and others need every new player to be more aware of for some reason, maybe just gameplay not role-play? I don't know but I have become comfortably numb.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420