Jorki Rasalas
Jan 9, 2020
#14,552
Vetinari said:
It would, but its not in character for fdev to do that. Use symbology and myths yes, rewrite them, not yet.

I found an unmapped system in the bubble last few days, Brown Dwarf and Ice Planets, didn't have mapper with me, got blown up and forgot where it was, maybe its easier than I thought to lose a planet. And obviously very easy to hide something pre FSS and Surface Scanners.

Im not sure why becuse this is a pd fthat it means more than any other theory by anybody else. I haven't seen any evidence at all let alone 'Overwhelming Evidence' as mentioned twice that any heroes journey is in game, the one part of the game we all know is we are not a hero. the game does not rotate around us. Also doesn't seem 'tiny bit obvious' to go on that convoluted route. Please at least show me what the overwhelming evidence is if youre going to base the entire theory on it, don't just refer to it off screen.

You might as well link it to the Engineers Bases, at least some of them have references that make some kind of sense to the toast;

To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!
To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void!
The parent's grief, the lover's woe,
and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla

Abel Laboratory / Phoenix Base / The Jet's Hole,
X, Kraken's Retreat / Long Sight Base / Farseer Inc,
Paters'Memorial / Abel Laboratory, Abel Laboratory
Fortunes Loss / Traders Rest / Prospectors Rest / Sanctuary, To Raxxla!
Click to expand...

Don’t you use EDDiscovery to keep a track of your travel history?? It’s great. You could install it now and it will recover your travel history from your game log files so you can tell where that “lost” system was.

I agree, there were so many “relevance not known” comments in that document that for me it constituted “Significantly Underwhelming Evidence”; fancy formatting doesn’t mean a thing. But each to their own hypotheses!
Reactions:
Nova McCool, BluWolve, Vetinari and 2 others