D7
D
Feb 13, 2024
#33,418
Rochester said:
We got it wrong - in my opinion was Braben trying to verbalise - in his fashion, how FD did not understand the behaviour of players.

He’s indicated in that interview that there was (is?) a design. And that they wanted players to follow the missions and interact with the smaller factions.

I logically presume this ought to have pointed to certain missions, or station news (where mysteries used to be promoted via articles in Galnet. That these factions effectively pushed us around the galaxy and that this would be enough for us to stumble upon things…

They got it wrong, because it became evident that players just wanted to grind.

They wanted that shiny Anaconda ‘fast’ so they were not playing FDs game (which never had any instructions at the start and was a mile wide and an inch deep!) instead we just opted to play ‘our’ game… most fell into grinding.

I put this down more to FD not implementing an actual finished game at launch, as they did cut a LOT of proposed and clever content, so I think there were gaps, and a lot of bugs; this I can only presume left players with actually very little to do, so maybe what ‘was’ in game in respect to such direction simply was far too esoteric for many players to give a hoot about, as we were either 7,000 light years away, or busy acquiring loot.
Click to expand...


"maybe what ‘was’ in game in respect to such direction simply was far too esoteric for many players to give a hoot"
That's definitely true IMHO.

So many clues are so non-leading to anywhere and so far from any connection to anything else that they leave you spending so much time running around to dead ends while others were gaining $ to buy better ships and find more ELW's . It doesn't take long before people start to say to themselves ' why am I wasting all this time with seemingly endless disconnected clues while everyone else is gaining, $, system discoveries, and rank increases.

Also, it became obvious early on that this game is about combat and fighting. It's not really a discovery and exploration game. It just so happened to have a great stellar forge because some dudes had that in their skill set and got paid to implement it. So it created a huge galaxy of never before visited star systems that people could wander around in... aimlessly as they would soon find out.

I'm not dissing ED, but telling it like I see it. I still love the game and am waiting for it to develop into a cohesive intrigue. And in truth the stellar forge is the jewel on the brow, the prize piece of the game, but it seems it's put to little use in all it's vastness and magnificence.
Last edited: Feb 13, 2024
Reactions:
Quaero and Shadowsnog