Rochester
Feb 13, 2024
#33,411
Louis Calvert said:
For those of you looking:

The only place I know of where "Randomius Factoria" appears in-game is in the Dynasty logs (here's the second one). I assume because Drew penned at least the first draft of these. I believe Randomius Factoria is also said in his official novels too, because he's a very big fan of Elite: The Dark Wheel, and so wanted to honour that.

Allen Stroud (official author and significant contributor to the game lore) also mentioned it on this very thread.

Don't think that helps any, but your first source for anything should be what's actually in the game, IMO.
Click to expand...
*edited

Good find, I think it’s highly relevant O7.

The inclusion of a reference to lady fortune I believe is relevant in game, but what, outside of the Trinkets is an unknown, my suspicions are that it possibly is now only one example of a wider historical aspect.

I have my suspicions but I think the references made in the Dynasty logs are only contextual to the lore of the Dark Wheel, not Raxxla.. and don’t correlate with the Trinkets which I suspect are separate.

I believe that the Codex doesn’t advocate nor advertise any specific object nor mechanism towards finding Raxxla. So I suspect the Trinkets are an archaeological leftover.

I base this hypothesis off my earlier investigations with FD Support, where the Devs confirmed the Trinkets were linked to the DW, and essentially that ‘story’ was ultimately removed.

Its an unknown if Trinkets had any specific function, or still do?

So I hypothesise the Trinkets were in one instance initially an obvious literary reference back to Robert Holdstock and the DW Novella; also similarly they mirrored the cargo pods utilised in the official follow-up book by Brooke’s - Elite Legacy; later referenced in Brookes Tours; so in my opinion their additional reference within the DW missions certainly links them somehow to the ‘story’ which ‘might’ have led us to Raxxla.

How or why is an unknown, but I equally suspect as others have indicated, it’s possibly these were more so a narrative link towards the theology of Micheal Brookes ‘The Space Inbetween”.

Either way what’s worrying is, that part of their mechanic was certainly archived, so are the Trinkets continued existence in game therefore counter-intuitive, or is it somehow still relevant?

My suspicion is these were narrative aspects for ‘environmental storytelling’ that correlate to narrative locations of Brookes Space In Between.

Thinking spatially outside of this knowledge gap, there are at minimum three potential systems in game that ‘might’ share a relationship to lady fortune but as to if this is intentional or simply esoteric is an unknown!

There are then Tyche, Fortuna and Wyrd all historical linked to fortune and fate, do they have some unknown spacial relationship, potentially with my wider ‘Miltonian Cosmological model’.

If so does this identify a direct link or some common fulcrum of the wider narrative?



For instance Fortuna is relatively close to a system linked by a series of other systems all named after mountains.



Then there’s Tyche which is relatively far closer to the hypothetical axis of Chaos, sharing a faction with Olorun. So it’s closer to the northern axis, on the outer rim of Chaos, but then again what could that mean?

And then we have Wyrd, the Norse word for fate, ‘to come to pass, to become' it may be related, it may not. But it’s relatively close to the others here to form a hypothetical triangle.

At most, if such systems did have a purpose, it’s presumably archeological - like the DW missions. At most if true, these ‘positions’ might help corroborate my ‘Miltonian model’.

Or equally their purpose was simply narrative, and therefore if they were left in game purposefully, their existence could be simply be allegorical and they were just a Easter egg and part of a wider aspect of Brookes narrative, and again just ‘environmental storytelling’; hinting that something else was going on ‘off screen’ - behind the curtains?

I still have my trinket.

Last edited: Today at 11:39 AM
Reactions:
simulacrae and Quaero