Vetinari
V
Dec 14, 2019
#14,038
Jorki Rasalas said:
I see from the latest newsletter that there is to be a livestream (16th?) to celebrate 5 years of the game. DB will almost certainly be involved; now is the time to polish the question set! They need to be short, pointed, and well designed to elicit sensible answers! I rarely do livestreams, besides I already have something booked IRL that day, but I suggest as a starter:
1) Is Raxxla currently accessible in-game?
2) Is Raxxla locked behind a permit? If so is that permit currently obtainable?
3) Has Raxxla been honked by a player but not discovered?
4) why were the Elite/Founder missions at Shinrarta Dehzra dropped from game?
5) Does the Dark Wheel membership test exist in-game?

Any others? Any suggestions for rephrasing welcome
Click to expand...

Unfortunately:

1. Cant answer as would isolate accessible or permit locked as not Raxxla. IF Permit locked why bother looking anywhere else atm?
2. Too specific - if yes narrows down the search field too much. If no we can ignore permits. If yes ignore 99% of the Galaxy.
3. Too specific - narrows down Raxxla to approx. 2% of the Galaxy and also means non permit locked. Can easily retrace players journeys through EDSM etc even though would take long time, lot quicker than searching the rest of the galaxy.
4. Good Question.
5. Hmm - yes. (Too specific) suggest. Do the real DW exist in game and do they have an active membership test? (probably too specific, if not we know its time or story locked)

6. IS there still 'stuff' to find of any description that is unique or hasn't been found?
7. Will the FSS find the DW Station or Raxxla if we are in the right system? (if we can get away with system rather than right place, awesome)
8. Have we 'finished' all the known stories/mysteries or should we investigate more? (probably too specific again if answer is yes its exhausted)

Got to consider both answers yes or no and whether they give too much away as theyre not going to get answered. May be best to go with a general open question.

8. What can you confirm about Raxxla? What has already been said on various posts, youtube vids, Twitter etc etc that you can confirm? What information do/should we have?
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Garand1987 and BluWolve