Edelgard von Rhein
E
Oct 11, 2023
#31,731
There is no doubt in my mind (not saying other ideas don't exist that are worthy of investigation, just that this seems farther ahead in my view) that, considering Raxxla as a Holdstock Easter egg, a real work of art in itself with this bringing together of mythologies in a 3D map, that the Lost Realms region is the place to look for Raxxla. The first problem now is to narrow that region down.

For example, today I focused on uninhabited systems in and around Elysia, Ys and Avalon, yet the number of potential bodies and places to hide Raxxla, even assuming it is on an uninhabited moon in a large crater, is too much for me. And those assumptions on my part, of what it is and where, might easily be wrong. I only have to encounter a single system with a few gas giants and a few moons each and I can forget about eyeballing them solo - and it's not the most fun activity to think about getting a group involved.

The second problem is how to look for Raxxla. Everything I'm finding in this region has been first mapped and with first footfall where appropriate. If it showed up on a scan, it would have been found already. There are a limited number of approaches that this leaves anyone searching for it:
1) Raxxla does show up on a scan but it's way off in deep space and you need to be within 1000 Ls after travelling maybe half a light year on the right course from the right system.
2) It is a surface POI that has to be eyeballed and might not even be rendered until up close.
I'm not going to include 'tricky' options such as false-flagging it as something else (like a regular surface POI), not appearing unless some weird precondition is met, only appearing at certain times, or being in a unique system not shown on the Galaxy Map except under certain circumstances.

In both the above cases, there is essentially zero chance of accidental discovery, even if you know what you're looking for and approximately where. For option 1, the exact system and heading must be known. For option 2, the exact body in the exact system must be known - and even then it's a group effort to find it, like the Dynasty Expedition bases, which is not fun.

So, how to ascertain, with sufficient certainty to engage in the above time-consuming activities, which system Raxxla is in? This has to be a system that meets certain criteria:
1) It is important, perhaps crucial, to the mythology of Robert Holdstock (note: I'm not excluding Milton here, rather I'm interpreting the Milton references are more of a guide to the path than the place, which could be wrong!.)
2) It has to fit the Elite Dangerous lore, as being reachable before the Art Tornqvist quote in the Codex (2296) and The Dark Wheel toast (assuming that's not the route to the Dark Wheel's base) must describe its location or the route to it.
3) It must be in a discoverable system (i.e. not locked away behind an unobtainable permit).
4) In addition to meeting all the above criteria, the system must have a unique feature that tells you, if you know the lore of Elite Dangerous and are familiar with Robert Holdstock's work, that this, above all other options, is the ideal place to put a memorial to both the author and his work.

So where do you think would be the perfect place and why? Does anything here match up with The Dark Wheel toast? Or have I high-waked on a tangent again?
Personally, I am at a loss as there are too many systems that I would consider to be an appropriate place and I cannot think of just one that stands out above the rest (Avalon would be the closest as being a mythical island and King Arthur's resting place, Axis Mundi second as the heart of the entire region about which everything spirals).
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, Rochester and El Saico