Rochester
Oct 11, 2023
#31,728
Louis Calvert said:
@Rochester, I just found this in some older notes, relevant (maybe?) to your ideas? You've probably already thought of this, apologies if so.

In the original Dark Wheel novella, Alex Ryder's co-pilot is Elyssia Fields = Elysian Fields.
Yup that’s another obvious link there isn’t it, sure we’ve all seen that one.

I can’t begin to break down that text because technically I started my part of this quest intentionally focussing solely upon ED content, so it’s old lore, I knew of it but put it aside so as not to conflate findings; and Holdstock built that himself with little to no assistance from Bell nor Braben, it was from my own recollection, his own work and technically separate, for instance there never was a Raxxla in the game until ED.

But certainly when Brookes began on the Raxxla mythos for Elite Dangerous such a reference would have been very obvious to him, and it only goes I presume to tie in this mythology between both games.

The use of the term on its own in the context ignoring ED is peculiar, but not if one has read Holdstocks other works, he did utilise classical references and was focused upon this concept of an ‘Otherworld’. As an artist he logically would re-utilise elements from his wider portfolio.

I do wonder how much of said system in ED has relevance today, what else from that text could also have additional import?

The Elysian Fields do not technically exist in game, yes there might be a section of the Galaxy named after it and a faction, but those are player created content that FD adopted. Except of course for the very obvious ‘Elysia’ of course - origin meaning ‘she of the’ - ‘Elysian fields’!

Made even more interesting by its inclusion of bodies named Cronus and Kailas. And currently one could say it falls upon the very edge of the Lost Realms boundary, upon the ridge on the ‘mountain’ systems… there are one or two ‘older gods’ named systems outside this boundary, both linked to the moon, maybe it’s a border?

The Elysian Fields we’re supposed to be to the west and over the seas (commonality shared with the Irish Otherworld) and ruled over by Cronus.

Very interesting considering everything else that’s around it.



Qetesh - nature goddess, part of a triad!
Telnet - water goddess, linked to the moon?

Last edited: Oct 11, 2023
Reactions:
El Saico, Edelgard von Rhein, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person