Rochester
Oct 11, 2023
#31,733
The more I begin to read and appreciate Irish, Celtic, Saxon and Norse mythology regarding the concepts of an Otherworld; the more it becomes apparent this realm was not supposed to be fallen over, one could only get there through invitation or act of valour.

I have long wondered if being allied with a faction might not be the key. FD and Braben himself did say “they got it wrong” that they wanted players to interact more with the smaller factions. This basically is a big area of the game that’s been ignored by many.

Potentially they said ‘ we know why players can’t find it’ does this relate to our behaviour, failure to interact in a certain way? Are there mission systems in place for Raxxla, is there like the codex alludes - some faction, some tyrant or cabal that is the key, or is there some type of ‘environmental storytelling’ going on, references, names etc that indicate some collective relationship?

We’ve come a long way. If you accept my Lost Realms hypotheses then at least this drastically reduces the search area to a focal point, rather than just needle in a several thousand light year haystack!

But still where to look? Is it actually in this area, or just beyond it, is there another path to take, to the west, above or below?

Remember, FD have applied a Miltonian reference that ties in with the Codex, that Raxxla might be, like a pendant world? A jewel on the brow? As Milton ascribes it, like a star when seen in comparison against the brilliance of the moon.

The new Brookes Galactic Tour I think is a strong hint, its first stage goes through this area, particularly abutting an area synonymous with deities linked to an otherworld?



The tour to the outer rim?
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10193395

The tour and the tri-partite goddess?
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10204313

*note I’ve attempted to log as many ‘older god’ systems as I can. So far I do actually see a clear definition between those deities ‘above’ and those ‘below’, this looks intentional.

What also looks intentional is a weird grouping of deities slap bang in the middle of the lost realms, and those triad-goddess also look suspiciously placed too?

Something is going around there?




As above - So below
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10198372
Last edited: Oct 13, 2023
Reactions:
El Saico, Louis Calvert and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian