CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 11, 2023
#31,732
Edelgard von Rhein said:
For example, today I focused on uninhabited systems in and around Elysia, Ys and Avalon, yet the number of potential bodies and places to hide Raxxla, even assuming it is on an uninhabited moon in a large crater, is too much for me. And those assumptions on my part, of what it is and where, might easily be wrong. I only have to encounter a single system with a few gas giants and a few moons each and I can forget about eyeballing them solo - and it's not the most fun activity to think about getting a group involved

If you're looking for business end of Raxxla (that can actually transport stuff), this is not the most effective search for reasons that will quickly become apparent.

From The Dark Wheel: Coda
‘Jason Ryder was convinced that Raxxla existed. That’s why he trained for, and became a part of, the Dark Wheel, the legend-seekers. I hadn’t heard much from him or about him for some time until just before he died, when he told me he’d found evidence for the real existence of Raxxla. He came back from Deep Space to get a proper team together… ‘ Rafe smiled bitterly. ‘But just before he was due to go back, he decided to take a safe-worlds holiday jaunt with his son… and an assassin was waiting for him.’

Additionally, Raxxla is humongous...


This isn't something that is in one particular system except for the business end of the device. That would be in a globular cluster. Sure bits and pieces are known to exist in civilized space but there are other parts that are far less obvious. A key example is the Electricae lifeforms on ice worlds. They are found especially near nebulas. We have had fuel scoops since at least 2411 and probably all the way back to Sol.

Sol is merely the beginning of where the search begins. It's in deep space. Ask any explorer what is the limit you can travel. If you have a fuel scoop, mining equipment, AFMU, and repair limpets there is no such thing as a limit.
Last edited: Oct 11, 2023