CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 12, 2023
#31,737
Since no one would do a simple Google search of the Delphic Maxims let's recover some necessary ground.

To quote Michael Brookes:
"It's in the Milky Way, but I can't tell you where at this stage. It's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves."

There will be no clues, "but I think you'd have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious so people know what they're doing."

Important point#1: Personal journey that must be done alone.

In other words, your wits against the Universe. Personal journey implies that personal experience is paramount.

Important point#2 - We don't know what it is..
Louis Calvert said:
maybe that's the real puzzle here, how to know it when you see it
Clearly the personal journey may help in understanding what we are looking for exactly. Taking things dogmatically should therefore be discouraged. There is no higher power than yourself.

Important point#3: The single most important Delphic Maxim:

"Know thyself."

Why is this important above all else? It is you against a hard sci-fi dystopic universe. Credits change hands all the time especially if it involves removing problems from the Universe.

How does one "Know thyself"?

Gnosis or "experiential knowledge":
1. The higher meaning of Gnosis is knowledge from experience, especially experience of divinity or that which is beyond the five senses. The word Gnosis does not refer to knowledge that we are told or believe in. Gnosis is conscious, experiential knowledge, not merely intellectual or conceptual knowledge, belief, or theory. This term is synonymous with the Hebrew דעת "da'ath," the Arabic ma'rifah, the Tibetan rigpa (knowing), and the Sanskrit "jna."
2. Gnosis can also refer to the tradition that embodies the core wisdom or knowledge of humanity, although in the physical world it has not been known by that name, but instead has adopted varying appearances according to culture, time, and place.
----
P.S. @Rochester: Please don't bother. Every last faction is wholly owned and subsidized by the Pilots' Federation. This is covered extensively in Shinrarta Dezra in the beacons in that system. It's a fool's errand because Elite Pilot's Federation/The Dark Wheel still holds the purse strings and the Elite Pilot's Federation aren't loyal to any one faction because they own them all.
If it’s faction driven it ought to be possible to map it (an aspect I’ve not looked into given the initial size of this problem) but now potentially much -much smaller?)).
Pilot's Federation Influence (1 of 2)
SPOILER: PILOT'S FEDERATION INTERESTS (1/2)
Pilot's Federation Influence (2 of 2)
SPOILER: PILOT'S FEDERATION INTERESTS (2/2)
Last edited: Oct 12, 2023