Louis Calvert
Oct 11, 2023
#31,734
Edelgard von Rhein said:
There is no doubt in my mind (not saying other ideas don't exist that are worthy of investigation, just that this seems farther ahead in my view) that, considering Raxxla as a Holdstock Easter egg, a real work of art in itself with this bringing together of mythologies in a 3D map, that the Lost Realms region is the place to look for Raxxla. The first problem now is to narrow that region down.

For example, today I focused on uninhabited systems in and around Elysia, Ys and Avalon, yet the number of potential bodies and places to hide Raxxla, even assuming it is on an uninhabited moon in a large crater, is too much for me. And those assumptions on my part, of what it is and where, might easily be wrong. I only have to encounter a single system with a few gas giants and a few moons each and I can forget about eyeballing them solo - and it's not the most fun activity to think about getting a group involved.

The second problem is how to look for Raxxla. Everything I'm finding in this region has been first mapped and with first footfall where appropriate. If it showed up on a scan, it would have been found already. There are a limited number of approaches that this leaves anyone searching for it:
1) Raxxla does show up on a scan but it's way off in deep space and you need to be within 1000 Ls after travelling maybe half a light year on the right course from the right system.
2) It is a surface POI that has to be eyeballed and might not even be rendered until up close.
I'm not going to include 'tricky' options such as false-flagging it as something else (like a regular surface POI), not appearing unless some weird precondition is met, only appearing at certain times, or being in a unique system not shown on the Galaxy Map except under certain circumstances.

In both the above cases, there is essentially zero chance of accidental discovery, even if you know what you're looking for and approximately where. For option 1, the exact system and heading must be known. For option 2, the exact body in the exact system must be known - and even then it's a group effort to find it, like the Dynasty Expedition bases, which is not fun.

So, how to ascertain, with sufficient certainty to engage in the above time-consuming activities, which system Raxxla is in? This has to be a system that meets certain criteria:
1) It is important, perhaps crucial, to the mythology of Robert Holdstock (note: I'm not excluding Milton here, rather I'm interpreting the Milton references are more of a guide to the than the , which could be wrong!.)
2) It has to fit the Elite Dangerous lore, as being reachable before the Art Tornqvist quote in the Codex (2296) and The Dark Wheel toast (assuming that's not the route to the Dark Wheel's base) must describe its location or the route to it.
3) It must be in a discoverable system (i.e. not locked away behind an unobtainable permit).
4) In addition to meeting all the above criteria, the system must have a unique feature that tells you, if you know the lore of Elite Dangerous and are familiar with Robert Holdstock's work, that this, above all other options, is the ideal place to put a memorial to both the author and his work.

So where do you think would be the perfect place and why? Does anything here match up with The Dark Wheel toast? Or have I high-waked on a tangent again?
Personally, I am at a loss as there are too many systems that I would consider to be an appropriate place and I cannot think of just one that stands out above the rest (Avalon would be the closest as being a mythical island and King Arthur's resting place, Axis Mundi second as the heart of the entire region about which everything spirals).
Exciting conundrum there. A few things occurred to me:

A. Have you looked at what systems the Potato Hunt has already scanned within the Lost Realms area? I'm assuming it's possible they might have thoroughly logged everything in at least some of those systems? I'm not really sure if that data is useful, but from what I've seen they even log megaships and such. Maybe you can do a quick database search to rule out any system that's been covered by them, at least as a first step.

B. Like the Landscape Expedition, might it be possible to mobilise people via Canonn to help with the search? LCU and Co. have developed a standardised logging system and I can imagine that more people will want to look in the bubble rather than the Galactic core.

C. As you say, we've never known what to look for. The Landscape Expedition assumes that the source of the signal (if there is one) will be orbital since it's a pre-horizons signal (we're still asked to DSS planets, but I think that just ensures that we're moving close to each body in system and spending at least a few seconds in proximity). If you made a similar assumption of the Lost Realms area (i.e. Raxxla is unchanged since launch therefore limited to what was possible then) you can at least ignore any surfaces.

D. The lore (both old and new) says that Raxxla has long been controlled/protected by powerful people(s). My assumption is that if it's in the bubble, it'll be hidden from casual view by disguising it as something common and innocuous (like a standard station, for example) rather than simply making it 'not there'. If it's in the bubble then maybe it's been seen many, many times, but people haven't recognised it - maybe that's the real puzzle here, how to know it when you see it?
Reactions:
Rochester and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian