CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 16, 2023
#32,055
CMDR Davanix said:
hmmm Saturns rings arnt complete in Elite either....is this a homage, easter egg or clue??
Titan City and Columbus stations in Sol are part of the Frontier gazetteer...

Space stations Columbus and Titan City

Columbus orbits Io around Jupiter and Titan City orbits Titan around Saturn. Both are of historical interest only in that they used to be fabulous holiday resorts when they were the most distant settlements. Unfortunately with easier travel they changed from very pleasant venues to the vacation destinations of the masses. The quiet atmosphere has been shattered by loud music intended to confince you that a good time is being had by all. It blares forth from gift boutiques selling such items as a bottle of Genuine Red Spot Gas and Saturn Ring Rock jewellery.

Interesting side note: Columbus and Galileo are the two Ocellus in Sol. Galileo, at least, is a station Ocellus (currently the sole example). I have to confirm if Columbus is a station, too. Titan City is a garden-variety refinery station.

Personal thoughts on what to do with this: the phrase ".. historical interest only in that they used to be fabulous holiday resorts when they were the most distant settlements", suggests that the more interesting passenger missions are further out. That said, Titan City is still the furthest starport in Sol. Go there. The other thing, Holdstock and Malcolm Edwards book "Tour of Universe" has a ship that very much resembles what we are told a Narwhal Liner would have resembled (it is a modified Beluga). Take that to Titan City and maybe it triggers crazy passenger missions (local reputation requirements may apply). The Federation purchases two of these in 3296 despite the Antares Incident in 3251. It is likely also important, that every ship uses Saud Kruger's Astrogation Console.

Narwhal Liner
The Narwhal Liner is a ship manufactured by Saud Kruger. It is a variant of the Beluga Liner. In 3296, two customised Narwhals were purchased by the Federation to serve in the capacity of Starship One, the Federal President's personal transport. On February 28, 3302, eight months after the...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com