Suhurrat
S
Dec 1, 2022
#28,189
That's good, but witchspace is the relevant part of the clue: "To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void!"

There's a few known things that whisper in Elite; there's whispers at a surface settlement, there's whispers that killed the crew of a generation ship, there's whispers in the Formidine rift logs. The Pulsar whispers are excellent, but if all pulsars whisper, and those whispers don't translate into witchspace, then they're probably not the "Whisperer in witch-space" that the Codex mentions.
Part of the lore. Also Space madness.

That's a common myth, it's incorrect!

You're never "pulled out of witchspace", technically the "Hyperdiction" is a 'fake' hyperjump that's triggered under certain conditions. It just looks like you're making a regular jump that gets interrupted, but you're actually not jumping at all, you're just in a special witchspace environment, and you're always dropped in the same system you started in afterwards. This proves that Fdev has created a system whereby under certain conditions you experience a 'special' jump that you can't actually tell is unusual until things go wrong.

Is there any concrete evidence?Because I am based on my programming experience and from the logs that the game itself keeps. According to the logs, the jump from system to system occurs in the simplest way. Player at point A - jump initiation - objects unloading - objects loading - server cluster switching if necessary - exit to the generated cluster.

It is for this reason that some people got stuck or complained about too long warp jumps, because the engine loads the necessary assets while you are in a state of transition. That is, in a hyper-jump.

The assumption that hyperspace jumping is "just" a loading screen is likely a massive mistake I've been compiling a list of documented "strange things" in Witchspace jumps which I'll post soonish - in short, people have seen planets in Witchsapce (maybe the same planet actually), and that's just the ones that have videos, who knows how many times weird stuff happens that's not reported or not noticed by people assuming witchspace is "just" a loading screen sure, these anomalies may be bugs, but what if they're not??!

These are the usual generation bugs. I myself have encountered them when you have a jump exit going straight into the texture of a star, when you have planets or stars spawning right into each other, and so on. The same goes for navigation. The map works with a stretch, and we have already discussed this above for a couple of pages. Procedural generation and a huge database of names. it's just buggy when searching or generating objects.

So I don't want to upset you, but Witchspace is nothing more than a transit loading screen. As I wrote above, until the developers change this and make it a full-fledged space.

Especially after the last patch, my game is sometimes buggy and I see the boundaries of the skybox in the game. The skybox moves with the player, but does not load assets of other systems without jumping.

There was a wonderful bug in horizons when some stations were not loaded, and instead of being in front of the station, you found yourself in an empty space.
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and Rochester