Han_Zen
Dec 1, 2022
#28,191
Suhurrat said:
There is no special sounds in the witchspace. I play odyssey, compared with the sounds from horizons and the original, only in odyssey pulsars give out such a sound. There are also binary stars, but they have a completely different sound. The sound of black holes is more like gurgling with sucking, which is scientifically accurate.

I had already assumed earlier that the whisperer could be either a targoid or a pulsar. Here is confirmation that the pulsar sounds like a whisper. The witch's space is another problem. This is the boot screen. Technically speaking, when the targoid pulls us out of hyper-jump, the exit falls on the nearest system at a distance from the star.And again, technically we can't get into witch space.Therefore, trying to somehow look for something in it is useless, as long as the developers themselves do not allow such movements.

I also reasoned earlier that we need to look for a system with pulsars, since such systems can serve as a beacon for the next step. There is a new problem here, there are a lot of pulsars. If we draw an analogy with a pulsar that is in the void, then it will be Cygni X-3. There is a pulsar in this system, there is a black hole, and some other celestial bodies. The problem is that you can jump there either by having a capship, or by overloading fsd. Another option is a pulsar in the crab nebula. Since it is the pulsar closest to the bubble. Even Vela farther.

Also, if we get to Maia, to the black hole, then by lining up the hole and the Bernard nebula, we will get an image of the heart.I have already said that there is a huge amount of activity in bernards loop and behind it. The problem is that almost entire sectors there are under permit. In general, my searches have not led me anywhere yet. For example, Polaris, which is also closed with a permit, was a transshipment base in Elite Frontier.
Click to expand...
Just remember that Pulsars are only pulsars, when seen from earth. Most neutron stars have the pairs of rotating energy beams. Only those that rotate in a plane that intersects earth, will be observed as pulsars. In a different system, the list of pulsars would be different.

Also Cygni X-3 is probably unreachable, even by fleet carrier. The data in EDSM has been submitted by someone during a beta. They were manually placed there, by devs.
Reactions:
Rochester, Suhurrat, Louis Calvert and 1 other person