Louis Calvert
Dec 1, 2022
#28,199
Suhurrat said:
First of all. I didn't mean to upset you or insult you in any way. Just like I'm not saying you're wrong. It's just that I, as a person of engineering and scientific mind, look at dry facts.
As for pulsars, in previous posts I just assumed and compared the data. And as a result, I came to the conclusion that pulsars in odyssey have the sound of whispering.
Just as you point very correctly to lore and the codex of the game.

If you find my posts above, I assumed that Devs did not throw out all the accumulated lore at all, but tore out pieces of it and mixed it up. So we have systems from the first elite, as well as plot events, we have systems from the second elite, from the third. If we draw analogies, then many systems that are present in all games are somehow connected with targoids. And the targoids, in turn, are associated with the guardians. And all this is under the cream of humanity, club, wheels, etc.

Again, you are right about the fact that parts of the code perfectly reflect the events in the plot of the current elite. I recently flew to the destroyed anaconda in the Bernards loop. And there, too, if you stay in one place in silence, you begin to hear the scraping of the remains of the ship, whispers, and so on.Just as 60km from anaconda lie the remains of a Targoid ship. The problem is that this is added after the fact. That is, after the events that happened. As well as settlements in the rift, like Zurara and others.

I start from the fact that myths and legends do not need to be taken into account. And look at the face of real objects. What should lead us to raxxla? Way. Left by others on lore. The path usually consists of reference points. Accordingly, the reference points should be real objects.

That's how I look at this riddle. Of course, maybe we all have space madness here, or maybe this is the way of friends. Who knows? My theories and conclusions have not yet been crowned with anything concrete. Maybe someone will be more lucky.

But also don't forget that we can't go beyond the technical limits of the game. Such a limit for today is Witchspace (hyperspace). Although I'm honestly surprised that the developers didn't add a second layer for generation. This is very easy to do based on the generation they have. And then there would be a full-fledged hyperspace.
Click to expand...
Thanks for the clarification I did feel annoyed by your reply, and felt defensive because I don't think suggesting witchspace may be more than a simple loading screen is actually that strange, especially compared to a lot of the other ideas floating around here! I really appreciate you taking the time to clarify this, thanks I'm sorry that I was snippy!

I do really like the neutron idea, but I also think it needs to match more than just the whisper element! All I wanted was to know if you can hear the neutron whispers in witchspace, which would mean, yes, it does actually help make sense of the puzzle. If not then... I'm interested to know how neutrons stars may relate to the puzzle.
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard