Louis Calvert
Dec 1, 2022
#28,195
Actually, you know what. Here's a list of all the things that do match the codex entry pretty well, even down to using almost exactly the same wording relating to wispers in witchspace and sirens.

Whispers (not in witchspace). Visit the Canonn site and listen to the logs of Generation Ship Thetis here. Listen to the last one, to the whisper that was detected.
SPOILER: GENERATION SHIP THETIS LOGS
























Voices (whispers) in witchspace, and literal reference to "siren Song" in witch-space. See it here on the Canonn site.

SPOILER: FORMIDINE RIFT ALPHA









References to weird lights and things in Witchspace

SPOILER: CONFLUX BETA










Not in witchspace, but whispers that make people go mad on a surface settlement, read and listen here on Canonn site. If you go there you can literally hear whispers around the site. Audio is captured on the Canonn page too.

SPOILER: EXTRACTION SITE HS-98



























This is audio logs from a site examining Thargoid Barnacles, but listen to the last log.

SPOILER: GEOLOGICAL SURVEY 23B



That's just from the logs, there's a lot more that are about weird things happening that don't specifically mention whispers/voices/siren sounds that entice people.

But this shows that whispers in and of themselves aren't uncommon in the narrative of the game.

The Formidine Alpha mission logs literally matches the codex clues:

FORMIDINE RIFT ALPHA MISSION 2/6
Expedition Log: 28/08/3270

"... Could have sworn I heard some weird voices in the last jump...”

FORMIDINE RIFT ALPHA MISSION 5/6
Expedition Log: 07/10/3270

“I’m scared… help me someone… I can’t bear another jump. The lights in witch-space are coming for me, the lights… always the lights… … I must join them…”
Click to expand...

I mean that's literally the same structure as: "to the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void!" - "weird voices in the last jump, they’re calling to me… a siren song".

You could even take that further and link it to the fernweh section of the codex:

"... I can’t bear another jump. The lights in witch-space are coming for me, the lights… always the lights… they’re calling to me… a siren song… I must join them…"

Fernweh: From fern (“far”) + Weh (“pain”). Literally, "far pain" or "far sickness"

Codex: "Students of Raxxla lore have noted that the legend exerts a strangely potent fascination on the minds of seekers. Commentators have compared this sensation to 'fernweh', the unaccountable longing for a place one has never seen."

The Formidine Rift Alpha site entry matches those parts of the toast better than anything else in-game - and it's clearly relating to experiences actually in witchspace transit.
Last edited: Dec 1, 2022
Reactions:
MrSuction, Suhurrat and John Stoutbeard