Suhurrat
S
Dec 1, 2022
#28,197
Louis Calvert said:
Actually, you know what. Here's a list of all the things that do match the codex entry pretty well, even down to using almost exactly the same wording relating to wispers in witchspace and sirens.

Whispers (not in witchspace). Visit the Canonn site and listen to the logs of Generation Ship Thetis here. Listen to the last one, to the whisper that was detected.
SPOILER: GENERATION SHIP THETIS LOGS
























Voices (whispers) in witchspace, and literal reference to "siren Song" in witch-space. See it here on the Canonn site.










References to weird lights and things in Witchspace











Not in witchspace, but whispers that make people go mad on a surface settlement, . If you go there you can literally hear whispers around the site. Audio is captured on the Canonn page too.




























This is audio logs from a site examining Thargoid Barnacles, .




That's just from the logs, there's a lot more that are about weird things happening that don't specifically mention whispers/voices.

But this shows that whispers aren't uncommon in the narrative of the game.

The Formidine Alpha mission logs literally matches the codex clues:



I mean that's literally the same structure as: "to the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void!" - "weird voices in the last jump, they’re calling to me… a siren song".

You could even take that further and link it to the fernweh section of the codex:







The Formidine Rift Alpha site entry matches those parts of the toast better than anything else in-game - and it's clearly relating to experiences actually in witchspace transit.
Click to expand...

First of all. I didn't mean to upset you or insult you in any way. Just like I'm not saying you're wrong. It's just that I, as a person of engineering and scientific mind, look at dry facts.
As for pulsars, in previous posts I just assumed and compared the data. And as a result, I came to the conclusion that pulsars in odyssey have the sound of whispering.
Just as you point very correctly to lore and the codex of the game.

If you find my posts above, I assumed that Devs did not throw out all the accumulated lore at all, but tore out pieces of it and mixed it up. So we have systems from the first elite, as well as plot events, we have systems from the second elite, from the third. If we draw analogies, then many systems that are present in all games are somehow connected with targoids. And the targoids, in turn, are associated with the guardians. And all this is under the cream of humanity, club, wheels, etc.

Again, you are right about the fact that parts of the code perfectly reflect the events in the plot of the current elite. I recently flew to the destroyed anaconda in the Bernards loop. And there, too, if you stay in one place in silence, you begin to hear the scraping of the remains of the ship, whispers, and so on.Just as 60km from anaconda lie the remains of a Targoid ship. The problem is that this is added after the fact. That is, after the events that happened. As well as settlements in the rift, like Zurara and others.

I start from the fact that myths and legends do not need to be taken into account. And look at the face of real objects. What should lead us to raxxla? Way. Left by others on lore. The path usually consists of reference points. Accordingly, the reference points should be real objects.

That's how I look at this riddle. Of course, maybe we all have space madness here, or maybe this is the way of friends. Who knows? My theories and conclusions have not yet been crowned with anything concrete. Maybe someone will be more lucky.

But also don't forget that we can't go beyond the technical limits of the game. Such a limit for today is Witchspace (hyperspace). Although I'm honestly surprised that the developers didn't add a second layer for generation. This is very easy to do based on the generation they have. And then there would be a full-fledged hyperspace.
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and Louis Calvert