Rochester
Apr 22, 2023
#30,088
Han_Zen said:
We should look north. I'm just not sure witch north.

Personally I'm mostly up in Coma Berenices, which is the galactic north. I have no idea if this is the right north. I'm just there because this can be seen in the galaxy map, up there:
SPOILER

There are of course a lot of other poles. The south pole star of Neptune is Gamma Velorum (Regor). That is also a mysterious place.
Remember there is a compass drawn with stars in the game!

The four wind gods of Ancient Greek mythology

A series of systems representing the Anemoi; the Greek and Roman Winds (compass) referenced throughout Greek mythology do exist in game, but are not real world stars.

Anemoi, Greek Gods of Wind: Overview & Mythology | Who are Anemoi? | Study.com

Boreas = north
Zephyrus = west
Notus = south.

Traditionally there is no agreement on the east of the Anemoi, however many attribute this to being either: Eos or Eurus (both in game) but these do not correlate with the N, S or W represented by the Anemoi in game, but, technically you don’t really need it, I presume this is intentional.

I feel it’s evident these systems were put in game for a reason. Are they accurate, are they in error, where do they point, what systems align along the Anemoi north and south?



Interestingly, hypothetically if you extrapolate this pole, considerably, it almost intersects with the path of Jaques, coincidence?


Going back to my previous post about John Milton. Along this line that Jaques travels, there is a kink.

Relatively close to this kink on one side is the Generation ship Achlys and on the other is a system called Bridge.

If you then draw a sphere of influence from Sol to Achenar, this kink falls just outside of it!

How or is this relevant remains an unknown?



In Greek mythology Achlys was the personified spirit (daimona) of the death mist, which fogs or blinds mortal eyes in death.

Achlys was also the personification of sorrow or grief.

Within the Gen ships logs, some interpret the death of its crew to the awakening of an A.I singularity. But it’s the auto pilot which first detects the crew ‘gone’. The A.I was initiated afterwards as an emergency measure, and it then determined the crew had all died, due to a life support failure.

Either way, this is an allegory for the ships name as Achlys literally representing ‘death’.

Is the Gen ship Achlys so named to represent John Milton’s Paradise Lost character ‘Death’ and are there any systems in this particular region with a similar metaphysical personification associated with the character ‘Sin’,

Is the system Bridge actually Lucifers viaduct which was built by Sin and Death, to traverse the outer rim of the celestial sphere’s, sending Lucifer on his wandering journey back to the gates of heaven?
Last edited: Apr 24, 2023
Reactions:
AnchorWriter, simulacrae, Darrack and 1 other person