Jorki Rasalas
Apr 23, 2023
#30,099
Ok, Ive been working on a new hypothesis, of a type that I dont remember seeing anywhere in this thread.

From the Codex: “the children's story Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars,...the story's author had cunningly concealed facts about the mysterious locale in his book as hints for those with eyes to see” and I’ve pointed out that all we have of that book is the title.

Ive recently reread Elite:Legacy which Michael Brookes wrote for ED. He’s an author and clearly had a major hand in any “Raxxla storyline” in-game, including the Codex entry.

In Legacy, heroine Julia as a young girl only had a single possession-a book “about a young man’s quest to save a princess from an alien dragon”

So I think it’s a reasonable assumption to infer these two books are one and the same.

The differences are immediately apparent. So, I thought to myself how would an author who’s obviously interested in science fiction, words and mysteries hide a clue? I suspect by treating these as strings. The “quest to save a princess from an alien dragon” could be read as “remove the text string”, maybe to leave an anagram of the target system

SO:

Alien dragon-astrophel=in dagn ?? ...Gandin? Ndan? Gan? In Dang (Po)?? Dang(ai), Dang(arla), Dang(gali), Dang(khurs), Dang(o), Dang(tei), Dang(u),Nidang(a)

(Gandin C star type looks promising compared with the codex pic of an orbis against a dark red star and planet

Dang Po 3 is a GG with 8 moons...)

Astrophel-dragon =stphel...Set?

Princess astrophel - dragon =Picess strphel ...Pisces?? Set

Princess astrophel - Alien =Prcss strophe ...sector?

A Princess-dragon=picess...spices...Arrakis?

Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars-an alien dragon=Pcssstrphethesprillistrs???

Can anybody see anything I’ve missed?

The ones in bold-Gandin, Gan, Ndan, Dang Po, Set - I have visited and searched but found nothing. Which is not surprising as, I’ve repeatedly pointed out with increasing frustration, we don’t know what we’re looking for so could have passed it by, or even docked at it. We dont know how to recognise it or activate it...

This quest is getting very exasperating!
I’ve not yet been to Arrakis, but EDSM reports only two stars, no planets (Dune/Arrakis was the spice planet!)

Edit
Just checked out the Nidanga B A belt asteroid clusters....nowt!
Definitely getting fed up with this...when does Starfield come out?
Last edited: Apr 23, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Dox Paradox, simulacrae and 4 others