Machina Ergo Sum
May 24, 2020
#16,658
Merlin StWahgwaan said:
How exactly do you get that conclusion? I mean, im sceptical for sure, but I cant see anything in the img itself that gives away being a fake... the R in raxxla does not need to match any font in the picture, or anyother for that matter, as ED usually doesnt list the planet name in the cross-hairs like that, it could be somthing special for Raxxla that it dislays like that.... Normally, you just get the orange semi-circle, it never shows the name of the planet in Orange like that....

Edit: Or does it?? now im lost lmao... Does the name if the object normally show? lmfao i play daily and cant remember hahaha, find out in a few hours when i get online

Experimenting in-game and just Logic really.

1. R font is wrong. You can easily test this in-game e.g. with Ra 1.

2. If it is a planet at that size at 90 ls, then it is extremely extremely massive. You can test this with Ra 11 at 2000 earth masses iirc and look at it from 90ls away. Ra 11 is still really small.

3. However if someone can accept both of these by creating a special circumstance for them i.e. "special font" for Raxxla, then it is a slippery slope to accepting anything really.

4. Does it matter if it is real or fake? If it is real, it doesn't really contribute anything to the discussion. You can't do anything really with the comment in the 2nd image either. The problem is if it is fake and you believe it to be real. Then you will be devoting your limited time to going down the wrong road and potentially missing the right answer.

5. Take this with a pinch of salt but someone who is more technically inclined can look into it. Supposedly past hoaxers have always had similar fingerprints with the same type of image editor (discord source from someone reputable but I can't seem to find it at the moment ). Whether this image data or exif data can be seen post upload to Imgur or Reddit, I do not know. Let me know if someone finds out.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Rochester and PeteACarter