wetwire
May 23, 2020
#16,655
Some more tinfoil hat ideas.
Jumping back to the Codex entry.

Clue 1
Tau Ceti history revolves around the questionable act of changing an eco system. What is now known as Taylor Colony.
"(Tau Ceti colonists) repeatedly violated Federal ecological protocols and caused widespread damage to the planet's native ecosystem. "

Clue 2
The Codex mentions "Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars" which has been accepted to relate with "Sir Philip Sidney's Astrophil and Sella"
The over arching idea of the sonnet is that of an impossible union. One review explains the opening sonnet as "It is a perpetual war of desire against reason and nature against nurture. Moreover he knows that no matter how much he craves for Stella it is a lost battle already and this is where the endless laments emerge. This incessant interplay of opposing forces, that is of paradoxes, is also considered an essential part of the sonnet structure. "


Clue 1 and 2 seems to relate, in some respects, the sonnet with Tau Ceti's lore of trying to blend two incompatible components.

Using the relation noted perhaps Clue 2 also has some relation to the Delines in the Diso system. Which to point out DISO 5 C is permit locked, with no known way of unlocking it. Perhaps this incompatibility message also applies to the Diso system lore regarding the local Deline. "In the early days of the Diso settlement, the Delines were hunted, as they had attacked and killed human children from time to time, and in some areas they were very nearly wiped out."

Clue 3 (and a stretch)
Art Tornqvist is listed as the first to known reported reference to Raxxla. "The earliest documented reference to Raxxla dates to 2296 and originates from an entry in the personal journal of Art Tornqvist " Perhaps this name was not pulled out of thin air. Marit Törnqvist is an author, artist and illustrator. Most of her art was featured in Astrid Lindgren children books. Asteroid 3204 Lindgren, discovered in 1978 by Soviet astronomer Nikolai Chernykh, was named after Astrid Lindgren. Perhaps 3204 is a vague reference to the GCRV 3204 system.

During DJTruthsayer's lore interview with Michael Brookes. Question: "Where is Raxxla?" Brookes: "Well it's in the Milky Way, but I can't tell you where it is. It's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves."
I questioned why Brookes would phrase it as a "journey that everyone had to travel for themselves" if raxxla was found to be a location, it would be posted and everyone would visit, unless permit locked. a Journey would be the efforts to unlock the permit. Which may be provided by minor factions in the GCRV 3204 and/or Diso system.
Last edited: May 23, 2020
Reactions:
Jaymundo87, Psyral, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person