Macros Black
Mar 10, 2017
#269
Dielos said:
Well... Happy to see this is recovering interest!!!

Just a comment on the rogue planets. It was initially believed (and think it was in the DDS as well) that you would be able to reach rogue planets by mis-jumps. This type of system is not in game as of yet, but it is common belief that rogue planets could be those planets that are orbiting no star in some systems, often with very large orbits. They can usually be recognized because instead of being attached to a star in the system map, they are bound to an "X". Although this "X" might as well represent sometimes the baricenter of twin stars, not sure about this...


I do find it intriguing that Raxxla could be much closer than we think or even maybe inside the bubble as Drew commented. I personally think that Raxxla is a planet, but it might have very standard characteristics and thus hard to identify. In one of the older books, don't remember which (and might not even be lore by now), Raxxla appeared out of nowhere in the Lave system as a moon, just to disappear some time later. It might be a fast moving rogue planet with enough speed to not be caught by a star, but might be appearing in different systems as it passes through?

During 2015 I took it to myself to pursue some clues from the books. Out of ideas, I decided to follow the steps of Alex Ryder, from Lave to the Tionisla Graveyard, and even tried to find Rafe's Anaconda at 0.1ly from Tionisla... I gave up when I couldn't enter Isinor, which was at the time permit-locked (is this still the case, by the way?) Hell, I even tried everything I could think of to see if I could force a mis-jump! (doesn't work...)

Have you all read ""? This story (probably not lore) is the closest I have seen to a description of Raxxla, although it might have it completely wrong. It still is a very interesting read, including the Elite bar. I could sadly not find any clues there, not even on how to find the planet with the bar. It was an unlisted planet in that book, so it would be impossible to find without clues anyway... What I find interesting from that story, and with the comments of Drew on the short range of travel at the time, is that the trip over to Raxxla was rather fast, so it would imply that it's closer than we think. That said, the old woman did manage to get to the Formidine Rift with a ship of the time...

The fact that Raxxla could be closer than we think has raised my interest back on the topic, so please count me back into the investigation!

By the way Macros, I'm intrigued by who PM'd you. Depending on who this was, it would give credibility to that information or could be dismissed! The fact that the Formidine Rift is commented as a possible location puts a big question mark on it for me.





Also intrigued by a possible location of Raxxla in the bubble.

It was CMDR Xanderius (gamezombie92) who gave the his suggestion of the bubble / Formidine Rift locations. Think Drew has ruled out the Formidine Rift location, as this is probably a whole different mystery to be discovered (eventually).

- - - Updated - - -

Alex Ringess said:
I have an interest about Raxxla since few month (I began the game in feb of last year and Raxxla intrigued me very early after I began ED but never found time to be focused on) ^^



Yeah, I knew that. But I decided to following the words of Drew when he said that Raxxla could be found ingame. I took "ingame" as it, basicaly, and interpreted this as : with all you could have ingame. Misjump is not an actual game mecanic, so I putted it on my left until it would be.




IMO, it could be a proof that Raxxla is a very big device orbiting around a rogue planet and controling its running. If its the case, I guess this device could use the gravitational energy as fuel to open and close witchspace.




Dunno if Isinor is still permit-locked. Its a thing we must confirm.




No, never read that. To be honnest, I didn't know nothing about this book. You must know that I'm not as fluent as I want in english, I'm french native ^^. I never read an whole book in english (I'll do my very first read by reading The Dark Wheel soon).



I'll be back here after having read The Dark Wheel, And Here The Wheel, and Reclamation. If something jump into my eyes during my reading, I'll go back here to talking about that.

An orbiting device (around an ELW?) sounds like a reasonable assumption; Horizons is probably not a requirement, and if Raxxla is an ELW, we couldn't land there anyway (yet).

I don't know the sources for Darkness Falls, so not sure if it's lore/cannon. Interesting read anyway. Thanks for the link, CMDR.