Dielos
Mar 7, 2017
#266
Well... Happy to see this is recovering interest!!!

Alex Ringess said:
Hi everyone, hi The Black.

About the rogue planet hypothesis (this one is my favorite, to be honest).

The very first rogue planet, if we believe Wikipedia, was found in 2011 ("Astrophysicist Takahiro Sumi of Osaka University in Japan and colleagues, who form the Microlensing Observations in Astrophysics (MOA) and the Optical Gravitational Lensing Experiment (OGLE) collaborations, carried out a study of microlensing which they published in 2011. They observed 50 million stars in the Milky Way using the 1.8-meter MOA-II telescope at New Zealand's Mount John Observatory and the 1.3-meter University of Warsaw telescope at Chile's Las Campanas Observatory. They found 474 incidents of microlensing, ten of which were brief enough to be planets of around Jupiter's size with no associated star in the immediate vicinity. The researchers estimated from their observations that there are nearly two rogue planets for every star in the Milky Way." ). We must keep in mind that the Stellar Forge is pretty accurate. Its a simulation system. All the properties of each objects in the Galaxy was created in a one shot process by this simulation, which means that the whole Milky Way is not created step by step proceduraly as we travelling thru it. What is generated proceduraly is the % of ressources avaliables, the USS, etc... And FDev can also using this ground to put some fixed POI on it (like the Ruins Sites, e.g.). Raxxla is probably one of those fixed things putted in hands by FDev but we not must think that Raxxla should be created proceduraly (and I don't believe that it could be in the navigation panel after a honk, even with the new properties of our ADS). That's not the case I believe. Just think about how accurated was the Stellar Forge about Trappist-1 ! It was created ingame by the Stellar Forge few years before astronomers uncovered it, which is mind blowing !


If I follow my reasoning in the light of the elements I have mentioned above, as Raxxla is not probably a landable planet (it could be found without Horizon), it could be a rogue planet like a gaz giant, a super-earth, etc... I tend to think that Raxxla is probably something orbiting around a rogue planet, maybe it's controling its run. I have a small preference for the gaz giant, as some brown dwarfs could be very small and very close to a gaz giant in matter of properties and due of the properties of the Stellar Forge AND Galmap (see Trappist-1 system, its main star is a brown dwarf so small that it could be seeing like a gaz giant), I think FDev would have opte to that kind of objects. I don't think there is a way to find a rogue planet with the tools we have ingame but we can find a gaz giant with all the elements we have ingame. A very small brown dwarf would also have some advantage for FDev. Its more controlable with all the tools they have actually, and the orbiting mecanics are enough to making it alive, in the case Raxxla was something orbiting around it.



So here is few thoughts I had during my read. I hope it'll be helpfull. Anyway, I'll follow this with a close eye.

See you all later
Just a comment on the rogue planets. It was initially believed (and think it was in the DDS as well) that you would be able to reach rogue planets by mis-jumps. This type of system is not in game as of yet, but it is common belief that rogue planets could be those planets that are orbiting no star in some systems, often with very large orbits. They can usually be recognized because instead of being attached to a star in the system map, they are bound to an "X". Although this "X" might as well represent sometimes the baricenter of twin stars, not sure about this...


I do find it intriguing that Raxxla could be much closer than we think or even maybe inside the bubble as Drew commented. I personally think that Raxxla is a planet, but it might have very standard characteristics and thus hard to identify. In one of the older books, don't remember which (and might not even be lore by now), Raxxla appeared out of nowhere in the Lave system as a moon, just to disappear some time later. It might be a fast moving rogue planet with enough speed to not be caught by a star, but might be appearing in different systems as it passes through?

During 2015 I took it to myself to pursue some clues from the books. Out of ideas, I decided to follow the steps of Alex Ryder, from Lave to the Tionisla Graveyard, and even tried to find Rafe's Anaconda at 0.1ly from Tionisla... I gave up when I couldn't enter Isinor, which was at the time permit-locked (is this still the case, by the way?) Hell, I even tried everything I could think of to see if I could force a mis-jump! (doesn't work...)

Have you all read "Darkness Falls"? This story (probably not lore) is the closest I have seen to a description of Raxxla, although it might have it completely wrong. It still is a very interesting read, including the Elite bar. I could sadly not find any clues there, not even on how to find the planet with the bar. It was an unlisted planet in that book, so it would be impossible to find without clues anyway... What I find interesting from that story, and with the comments of Drew on the short range of travel at the time, is that the trip over to Raxxla was rather fast, so it would imply that it's closer than we think. That said, the old woman did manage to get to the Formidine Rift with a ship of the time...

The fact that Raxxla could be closer than we think has raised my interest back on the topic, so please count me back into the investigation!

By the way Macros, I'm intrigued by who PM'd you. Depending on who this was, it would give credibility to that information or could be dismissed! The fact that the Formidine Rift is commented as a possible location puts a big question mark on it for me.



Rafe smiled, shaking his head. Suddenly there was a brilliant sparkle in his eyes: 'Raxxla's no alien,
Alex. It's a ghost world. A planet. A legend . . .'
Last edited: Mar 7, 2017
Reactions:
Macros Black and Alex Ringess