Jorki Rasalas
May 20, 2020
#16,525
Han_Zen said:
I've tried to make something out of it, without success. I have no idea if there even is a direction in the system map?
If it's a distance thing, it's closer to SOI than Deneb.

SOI is interestingly at almost exactly RA 20h (Right ascension: 20h 0m 14.621s / Declination: 35° 20'26.916''). One of it's 'clouds' is dead center, in the horisontal direction. That might mean something?

I would love to find a third system, out in the same region.

Well, if it’s close to RA 20 then could this actually be Raxxla or the way to it? It could be a “rift in spacetime” that is the Omphalos Rift mentioned in the Codex. Maybe you have to find it, travel through it to Raxxla (or maybe the rift is Raxxla?) which would be in its own instance, then the second “rift” is the return journey? Just speculating on game mechanics, this phenomenon that you’ve observed, one hypothesis (Right Ascension) we have discussed many times over the last few years, and the Codex details-this hypothesis would fit them all. DB did say we dont know what it is! The journey to it would be a “personal journey”. It certainly looks cool, and is sufficiently different from anything else in-game to be a worthy find.

I think you said before that it can also be observed from Alpha Centauri too-that should give three directions for triangulation? Assuming we can triangulate from the system maps!? We ought to be able to, at least in the orrery view. (Edit3: your screenshots of it show background stars, so yes we should be able to triangulate).

Edit: alternative interpretation- it is a rift within/between those three systems allowing instantaneous travel between them?

Edit2: I am metagaming here with only around 4 hours sleep last night. The Pavaroti of blackbirds was singing extremely loudly at 04:00, then couldn’t get back to sleep, then cat came in crying loudly at 06:30 and jumped on my feet, then copawlot decided at 06 :50 that I should get up. Am just slightly zonked and wondering if I can stand up without another coffee inside me.
Last edited: May 20, 2020
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, [PS4] Filthymick420, PeteACarter and 1 other person