Edelgard von Rhein
E
May 20, 2020
#16,529
I had a look at the skybox at the Coronet Pulsar.

This system is 522 LY from Sol, which seems to be pushing it for the discovery of Raxxla to have led to myths by 2296, except for the fact that it is the closest known pulsar to Sol, making it a viable target for the first wave of hyperspace capable probes sent out from Sol. It feels like it could be a first step 'The Jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies' and that might make 'To the whisperer in witchspace' an indicator to make a boosted jump from the system. 'The siren of the deepest void' is trickier. I thought maybe something in the Lyra constellation but I do think it is meant to indicate a star system rather than a general direction or constellation. I'm thinking at the moment that there is a series of systems that must be passed through in order to trigger something. Still seems like a fluke that it could be found prior to 2296 by accident and not in the 1000 years since with many people looking for it. Maybe it was a misjump, after all. Whilst this system has the potential to be a first step so do other systems closer to Sol.

There are no obvious asterisms or anything that struck me as why anyone would want to send a probe to system x or y next, except perhaps the R CrA nebula 102 LY away - but that's back in the direction of Sol, so why come out here? There are some bright stars looking back towards Barnard's Loop, where even Betelgeuse and Achenar are still visible, though from this system's perspective there are some stars from Telescopium and Coronae Austrinae in that direction, also Alpha Arae and Arkab Prior. There are several bright stars near the Andromeda galaxy but I have not yet identified them. There were so many potential destination systems with a neutron-boosted DBX (over 290 LY range) that I felt at a loss and have now continued on my way, hopefully arriving at Colonia in a couple of days.
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, [PS4] Filthymick420, Han_Zen and 2 others