Vektorboson
V
Feb 19, 2021
#21,207
So, about yesterday's discovery, I'll begin with the hard facts:

I was in the system "Wregoe CO-F c25-11"
I was in the galaxy map and typed "veil north" into the search (it could also have been "Veil North", but you always get uppercase letters)
the map centered on "Sifi KO-G b24-5"
I noticed that the select-button was deactivated
I selected another star, and I typed "veil north" again, and "Sifi KO-G b24-5" was centered again
I still could not press the select-button
I noticed that the route-button is enabled, so I pressed it and the game created a route to the system (this is was at 2021-02-18T20:35:22Z)
I set a bookmark
I only had 9 jumps to my target "HIP 54876", so i decided to finish my route (more on HIP 54876 later)
I arrived at HIP 54876
I opened the galaxy map and searched for "veil north", nothing happened
I tried all kind of different things, selecting stars and searching again, "veil north" did not work
I selected my bookmark of "Sifi KO-G b24-5" and noticed that the select-button is enabled again
I created a route to "Sifi KO-G b24-5" and started my route toward it
at the first or second jump the jump took a very very long time
I repeatedly tried searching for "veil north", but it did not work
The long duration of the jump (it was probably 30 seconds) was probably the server problems of yesterday.

I currently can't find the reddit-thread where someone mentioned having found "Raxxla" in the same region of space as "Sifi KO-G b24-5", but I remember that there was nothing of interest in the system when the CMDR arrived and could not recreate the situation (or anyone else).
I am still angry that I continued on my course instead of directly heading towards "Sifi KO-G b24-5". Now I'm going to have to try a lot of things so "veil north" works again.

I was doing a lot of stuff yesterday; a lot of stuff in the galaxy map and lots of exploration in the bubble, so I now need to find the needle in the haystack.

Yesterday I decided to delay my journey to the Soul/Heart-nebulas and I wanted to try out a few theories; I had two very specific on my mind:

there are many planets and moons called "Gold"; when in the system map and you place your cursor on a planet called "Gold", then you have the center of the Raxxla-logo. So I searched "gold" in the galaxy map and I tried to visit all systems that I did not visit before; I stopped at HIP 49285, which has a station called "Gold City" (important for later!)
I read the "Updated system permit list"-thread. I noticed something very interesting. The system HIP 87621 requires the "HIP 48762 permit". But the system HIP 48762 is not permit locked. This got me thinking: "the door that is a key". "HIP 48762" is exactly that. I noticed that both systems share the sequence "8762" in their name, so I obviously searched for "HIP #4876" and "HIP 7621#" which lead to two interesting systems:
HD 238475
HIP 54876
Regarding "Gold City": after I found all those Gold-planets and -moons, it got me thinking about the Raxxla-logo again and the Trappiche Emerald. The Trappiche Emeralds are mostly found in Columbia, not Egypt, which made me doubt the Egypt-connection, so I thought about alternatives, and one of the interesting alternatives is the "Emerald City" from "Land of Oz".

Emerald City - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

Look specifically under "Inspirations"; Emerald City is inspired by the "White City". There actually is a "White City" ingame. So I read further:

Land of Oz - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

I noticed there is "Ix" in Land Of Oz and we have "Ix" ingame. Up until yesterday I thought Ix was related to the Dune-universe, but Land of Oz made sense. There are also a lot of witches in the book series, so this got my brain spinning, especially the "Wicked Witch Of The West", "- Of The East" and "- Of The North". That's how I arrived at "veil north".

But I think "veil north" has a different meaning here. The biggest mystery I have been working on has been the Isis-system and I already mentioned the "Veil Of Isis" before:

Veil of Isis - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

So "veil north" means "veil up" means "lifting the veil". And I also found that Isis IX seems to be special, but I now think that it is actually "Isis Ix", relating to Ix from Land Of Oz.

EDIT: Changed wrong search pattern HIP 8762# to HIP 7621#
Last edited: Feb 19, 2021
Reactions:
SpocksOddSocks, Mrrshal, whollySteve and 2 others