electro
Feb 20, 2021
#21,216
Vektorboson said:
So, about yesterday's discovery, I'll begin with the hard facts:

I was in the system "Wregoe CO-F c25-11"
I was in the galaxy map and typed "veil north" into the search (it could also have been "Veil North", but you always get uppercase letters)
the map centered on "Sifi KO-G b24-5"
I noticed that the select-button was deactivated
I selected another star, and I typed "veil north" again, and "Sifi KO-G b24-5" was centered again
I still could not press the select-button
The long duration of the jump (it was probably 30 seconds) was probably the server problems of yesterday.

I currently can't find the reddit-thread where someone mentioned having found "Raxxla" in the same region of space as "Sifi KO-G b24-5", but I remember that there was nothing of interest in the system when the CMDR arrived and could not recreate the situation (or anyone else).
I am still angry that I continued on my course instead of directly heading towards "Sifi KO-G b24-5". Now I'm going to have to try a lot of things so "veil north" works again.

I was doing a lot of stuff yesterday; a lot of stuff in the galaxy map and lots of exploration in the bubble, so I now need to find the needle in the haystack.

Yesterday I decided to delay my journey to the Soul/Heart-nebulas and I wanted to try out a few theories; I had two very specific on my mind:

Regarding "Gold City": after I found all those Gold-planets and -moons, it got me thinking about the Raxxla-logo again and the Trappiche Emerald. The Trappiche Emeralds are mostly found in Columbia, not Egypt, which made me doubt the Egypt-connection, so I thought about alternatives, and one of the interesting alternatives is the "Emerald City" from "Land of Oz".


Look specifically under "Inspirations"; Emerald City is inspired by the "White City". There actually is a "White City" ingame. So I read further:


I noticed there is "Ix" in Land Of Oz and we have "Ix" ingame. Up until yesterday I thought Ix was related to the Dune-universe, but Land of Oz made sense. There are also a lot of witches in the book series, so this got my brain spinning, especially the "Wicked Witch Of The West", "- Of The East" and "- Of The North". That's how I arrived at "veil north".

But I think "veil north" has a different meaning here. The biggest mystery I have been working on has been the Isis-system and I already mentioned the "Veil Of Isis" before:


So "veil north" means "veil up" means "lifting the veil". And I also found that Isis IX seems to be special, but I now think that it is actually "Isis Ix", relating to Ix from Land Of Oz.

EDIT: Changed wrong search pattern HIP 8762# to HIP 7621#
Click to expand...
Tried searching for Veil north in galaxy map when being in a station. Thought the game would crash.... very intresting..
Last edited: Feb 20, 2021
Reactions:
FrakesAnim