Thatchinho
Nov 26, 2017
#1,162
Moribus said:
I'm trying to remember. I'm sure I came across something somewhere that said that Raxxla was guarded, there were people living there that would kill to protect the secret. Maybe Reclamation? I will try to find the source, I may have totally made it up...

Not sure about the gen ships having FTL. The ones I know about, didn't. Not sure why a generation ship would need to be a generation ship if it was FTL capable...

There's these which I got my info from:

Here MB seems to have altered the date, he says "from the 24th Century", but there's no specific mention of FTL - though he also says "thousands of lightyears" - and to be fair, this does talk about "the Missing", not just Generation ships, but any and all missing ships/colonies, etc. I suspect 24th might be a typo (since the later Galnet article says 21st), or maybe he was thinking of something specific...



"Putting on my story hat for a moment the sharp eyed amongst you have noticed a story in GalNet about ‘The Missing’. In brief The Missing is an encompassing term for everyone who has disappeared without trace in deep space. This includes colonists on the ancient generation ships, lost colonies, disappeared scientific expeditions and a host of others. Some will know from our timeline that many thousands of ‘generation ships’ left the safety of Earth beginning in the 24th century onwards, and headed out into what was then largely unknown – with just some data from probes to guide them. The process was completely unregulated, and many were not as well prepared as they should have been. In those days when faster-than-light communication didn’t exist, many of these potential settlers faced terrible risks alone, travelling thousands of light years into the black, not unlike the wagon trains that set out across continental US in the 18th and 19th centuries before them. Not all were successful at founding new worlds. Most were not. Some managed to return with tails of their adventures. Some were lost in deep space, the dead hulk of their ship carrying on an almost endless trajectory ever deeper into space. Others managed to land and survived for many decades before being overtaken by some local disaster. Some may still be alive, just restricted to low power light speed communications, or no comms at all, as their equipment has failed over the centuries in between. We say they have disappeared without trace, but just maybe some will find some traces of them that are still out there…

The plight of The Missing is just one of the things that will become more prominent over the coming year and the Commanders of the Pilots Federation will be pivotal in solving these mysteries. You can expect more news on this soon!"

Contains various info, some questionable, some old, etc.

Obviously Galnet: Interestingly this one does say "in the centuries that followed...". This is what informed some of my speculation that early FTL was bad (difficult/slow/expensive, etc) since it seems that even after FTL was invented, STL generation ships still went out. I imagine it to be a slow decline in STL ships as FTL ships progressively got cheaper and safer, etc. Much like for decades after cars were invented people still mainly used horses until cars became cheaper and easier to own.

I suspect that if Raxxla was found, it (probably) wasn't a generation ship, but an early FTL ship. But, it may well have been a Gen ship - this made me think of it: They mention a "signal" from an uninhabited planet 15ly away that caused chaos... It sounds like some sort of neural virus - how cool would that be to keep Raxxla safe, anyone that gets near enough to pick up your signal gets infected...

Took a bit of finding, but here you go:

Post from CookieJarviz

"You people seem to forget that the missing can only go as far as 1000ly. and you say the ancient's might be the missing/ a lost cononly. but they specifically went for systems with ELWs"

Reply from Michael Brookes:

"That's not strictly true. Most of the missing aren't on generation ships - they're just the most famous - and oldest. The later generation ships were also capable of FTL."

https://forums.frontier.co.uk/showt...9-The-Canonn?p=4862189&viewfull=1#post4862189
Reactions:
Louis Calvert