CMDR Big Mike
Dec 14, 2018
#4,548
Scytale said:
IF the Stella poem contains necessary or even essential clues to find Raxxla, then I don't know how our non English-speakers friends (me included) will do (didn't find any complete translation ).
Or perhaps FD put different "localized" Raxxlas inside the game ? (I wont imagine the worst...)
From this point of view, the Toast may be more consistent. And the Stella poem just to confirm clues.



To be honest, I spent months looking for the mYsTeRy in the Rift, convinced that I was looking for Raxxla. What a disappointment when it turned out to be a very human stranded ship...[haha]



Let's see.. Raxxla should very well be (have been ?) in the Bubble, specially due to that jump range thing and even DW is convinced of it.
Now, that was when J. Ryder was still alive. Since, to Raxxla was lost. . The short, easy, direct way. Lost or cut or ...obfuscated, just because JR found it.
To keep Raxxla secret, the "Raxxlians" had JR killed and the compromised path wipped out. At least, that's what I would have done if I was in charge. Plug the breach.
In eons, nobody found it again, not even TDW. Perhaps it simply is no longer there.
But, there can be another way to Raxxla. A new one. ED's way, MB's nd it may very well be more tortuous than the "lost way" and run through Cass, H&S, Cygni, etc... Or wherever, if the way goes through witch-space.
In witch-space , and . This can also be linked to the sirens-thing, TDW's sirens and the Log sirens.
What I mean is, one thing is the proper Raxxla, and another thing is the way to Raxxla. Specially the starting point. They could be very distant in normal space as well as very close in witch-space. (Ask Jaques about it). And that is the point. Not so much where Raxxla is, but where the starting point/points is/are. (6 ? 6+2 ?)


Anyway, we all very well know that Raxxla is a mythical which way to is told by .
Don't we ?
EDIT: ' Where is Raxxla? ' 'Oh, it's in the Milky Way '
('But where in the MW ? ' ' Well... I don't know. All around. Actually, there aren't real in...' )

To go off your door is also a key line of thinking. Perhaps one needs to jump between the correct 2 systems to access it. Further supported by the touching but never touching bit from the poem. Two systems that are connected by which space but they will never actually interact