Havvk
Dec 14, 2018
#4,549
Han_Zen said:
The Opmhalos Rift is a central subject in the codex for Raxxla.

An omphalos point is a nave point. The point that does not move, when something rotates. It's a fixed connection between Earth and the sky. A point on the Axis mundi.


A typical scientific omphalos point, would be the North Pole and the Axis mundi would be connected to Polaris, on the other end.

Deneb is a historic(and future) north star of Earth and the current North star of Mars. It's the only North star that lies in the Galactic plane.
Denebs position is in the cleft, where the Great Rift starts.


Denebs position at the start of the Great Rift is known i ancient cultures as the birth place of the Sun, between the thighs of Nut. The entrance to the underworld, where the rivers part. Or the point where the souls of the dead are sent down the dark path or up the bright path. The symbolism of migrating birds(Cygnus the swan/hen/goose/eagle and the mythical roc bird) is heavy in the myths.

I will not go into detail on the research, but you can read about it in:
The Cygnus Mystery:

and more precisely formulated like the codex, Islands in the Sky: The Four-Dimensional Journey of Odysseus Through Space and Time.


This one is unfortunately just a google book search, but quite a few pages on the subject is available. If anyone in Britain can find it in a library, you should grab it. It may point to several other interesting stars as well. it does use the frase: 'For those with ears to hear', to describe reading between the lines.

This was good enough for me to go. I went to Alpha Cygni, about a week ago. I found something very mysterious, in the least expected place.

After looking at the system map for a while(I was in VR at the time), I noticed a new object in the map. It grew slowly and looked like a dark cloud. When panning the screen, it moves in a plane between the normal system bodies and the background stars. It's always located in the bottom right corner of the map.

Here are a few pics I have made in high-res.
Zoomed cut outs:
Full image:

Pics are big, so links only.

I actually think that it's a fair chance that Alpha Cygni/Deneb is Raxxla ant that we see the Omphalos Rift in the system map. Take a look for your self.

- Open system map
- Zoom all the way out
- Move cursor to bottom right posittion
- Zomm in
- Wait. It takes about a minute before a tiny spec pops up. Then it grows.

I have searched, probed, scanned(in 3.2 and 3.3) and listened. I have jumped, in and out and across. I can't locate it.
It's obfuscated. Half a dimension away.

I think we need more eyes and ears in there. [up][alien][up]
I'm at Alpha Cygni now. You're right! It starts as a small dot, like a very close system well within just a lightyear or 2. But it's growing, is this a supernova?