Jorki Rasalas
Dec 4, 2019
#13,751
BluWolve said:
No real link to the toast clue as far as I can tell at first glance, unless of course the PF is TRDW ¯\(ツ)/¯ It can’t hurt to increase reputation with the various PF factions in any case.

I have collected a bunch of permits throughout my career, but never worked specifically on the PF factions. I find the best way for me personally to avoid burning out is to just dump my explo data and donate credits in between doing other stuff as opposed to purely focusing on raising the rep with a faction, but that is clearly not the most efficient or fastest way.

The thing that is unique about the PilotsFederation combat bonds is that they appear to increase reputation with a superpower version of the PF, similar to Fed/Imp/Alliance combat bonds. Not sure if there is any real benefit to ranking this up, but since I am already doing some AX activities I will keep an eye on it.

Well, as someone pointed out only yesterday (or was it the day before?) Dark Wheel is a clique of PF! So all we have to do is find the correct clique, build rank, and pass the test....

I had not noticed there were different spellings of PF, which to me does strongly suggest they are different factions. Although FD are not known for accurate spelling this seems too important to be a mistake, especially if they are running different ranking bars. Can we run a confirmation check between this goid hunting rank and the rank for the Shin Dez faction?. Elite Premonition by DW was FD-sponsored and stated TDW is an organisation of “wheels within wheels” and the faction in Shin Dez was just “spinning on the outer rim”. Can we list all the spelling variations? If I understand the spellings so far, we have:

1) PilotsFederation who cashes goid hunting bonds (not done any of that myself, but could be a good test of skill & courage, though I don’t hear of any test mission invitation for it nor any relation to the toast but that might be a later phase once allied with the right faction.
2) Pilots Federation in Shin Dez (these cannot be a fake, since they have not been “quietly closed down” as per Felicity’s thinking, but they might well be part of the obfuscation....

Any others?
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, BluWolve, Rochester and 2 others