CMDRGURU951
Jul 16, 2021
#24,000
Rochester said:
There was some discussion here in the past in relation to the existence of locations named after hills.

Did this ever go anywhere, what was the general consensus, was it ever considered as a clue?

Just milling something over, and right now there is not much to tie it down.

Definitely relevant if you ask me.
I've found a pretty good amount of permanent crashed ships (though generally without logs for some reason), and tourist beacons in systems with these planets, and so have gained a decent level of understanding of the Elite galaxy. Really it provides a pretty good study into various people, places, history, and mythology. Travelling past places that might be familiar to us can increase the level of immersion, as it's in a sense mimicking a person travelling around. The Laka star system is a great example of planets named after mountains (Puncak), and and Hawaiian mythologies (Laka and Kai-Kapu), and proof that there are nuggets of knowledge hidden in this way.
Increasing your Knowledge leads to Gnosis (Cosmic Enlightenment?). I've got spreadsheets of many of these.
Here's a rather incomplete sheet of peculiarly named planets.

"In one Hawaiian legend, Laka is the son of the Ali'i nui Wahieloa and Hoʻolaukahili, grandson of Kahaʻinuiahema. He plans to sail to Hawaii to avenge the murder of his father, but his canoe-building is thwarted by the little gods of the forest. Because of his offerings to the great gods, however, they give him two outriggers that binds together for his long voyage. He and his companions successfully steal the bones of his father from the cave of Kai-kapu."
-Wiki

The metaphor of this one is interesting, of the recovering of your Father's bones, in a game where you're on a journey, in the future, a time where everyone you know has actually been dead for over a thousand years. I'm likely reading way too into it though.
Last edited: Jul 16, 2021
Reactions:
clavain, Han_Zen, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person