Rochester
Aug 2, 2023
#31,035
GURU-951 said:
SPOILER: BASED ON TODAY'S EVENTS, IT LOOKS LIKE AT LEAST ONE OF YOU WERE CLEARLY ONTO SOMETHING.....PARADISE LOST. WELL DONE!

This a direct quote of Paradise Lost!

This qoute represents Lucifers journey over his viaduct up through chaos, he then sees in the distance ‘creation’ not earth, a vast featherless sphere; he than alights on to its outer rim the crystalline shell where he wanders, before he sees heavens gate burning on the brow like a jewel.

When Lucifer gets there he finds heavens stairs, he steps upon the first rung, turns and sees the entire universe below him through a vast opening in the shell, far below him is Eden hanging from a golden chain….

I’ve brought this up previously in context with the Yggdrasil / Milton theory.



“He ceased; and Satan stayed not to reply,

But glad that now his sea should find a shore,

With fresh alacrity and force renewed
Springs upward like a pyramid of fire
Into the wild expanse, and through the shock

Of fighting elements, on all sides round
Environed wins his way; harder beset
And more endangered, than when Argo pass’d

Through Bosporus, betwixt the jostling Rocks:

Or when Ulysses on the larbord shunned
Charybdis, and by the other whirlpool steered.

So he with difficulty and labour hard
Moved on, with difficulty and labour he;
But he once past, soon after when man fell,

Strange alteration! Sin and Death amain
Following his track, such was the will of heaven,

Paved after him a broad and beaten way
Over the dark abyss, whose boiling gulf
Tamely endured a bridge of wondrous length

From Hell continued reaching the utmost orb

Of this frail world; by which the spirits perverse

With easy intercourse pass to and fro
To tempt or punish mortals, except whom
God and good angels guard by special grace.

But now at last the sacred influence
Of light appears, and from the walls of heaven

Shoots far into the bosom of dim night
A glimmering dawn; here nature first begins

Her farthest verge, and Chaos to retire
As from her outmost works a broken foe
With tumult less and with less hostile din,
That Satan with less toil, and now with ease

Wafts on the calmer wave by dubious light
And like a weather-beaten vessel holds
Gladly the port, though shrouds and tackle torn;

Or in the emptier waste, resembling air,
Weighs his spread wings, at leisure to behold

Far off the empyreal heaven, extended wide

In circuit, undetermined square or round,
With opal towers and battlements adorned

Of living sapphire, once his native seat;
And fast by hanging in a golden chain
This pendent world, in bigness as a star

Of smallest magnitude close by the moon.

Thither full fraught with mischievous revenge,

Accurst, and in a cursèd hour he hies.” John Milton, Paradise Lost.
Last edited: Aug 2, 2023
Reactions:
Hanerib, Han_Zen and simulacrae