Suhurrat
S
Dec 3, 2023
#32,315
Hey, guys. It's been a while since I've been here (since August). Now thanks to some pilots, an expedition to find landscape signal has started.

Here's Canonn Group Expl.

Expedition spreadsheet.

Mattius theory about signal and connection to raxxla

Maybe we can find some information pertaining to the Raxxla.

Now. Back to our bizz.

Louis I've been reading your recent posts, great analysis of the sound data.

For those who don't remember, or haven't read, in my previous posts I put forward the theory that Whisperer of the void is a star or black hole. I also collected audio of various stars.

New Audio from neutron star near Col sectors

Audio above from THIS sector

If you compare with previous audio recordings (you can find in my profile), the sound is very different. And it is very similar to the whispering and distant sounds of targoids.

Now watch the fingers.

Col sectors somehow have a connection to both targoids and guardians. Next to the Col sectors is our favorite Shinrarta Dezra. Also, most Col sectors are part of the Formidine Rift,

You're about to say, whoa whoa whoa, you've got space madness. These places are far away from each other.!

No, guys. They're far away if we jump the normal way. But if we're powered by neutron stars, these places are not only easy to reach, but they allow us to jump from one system to another of the ones I listed with a single charge.

For those who dont know what is neutron Highway

What's my point? Maybe when we speculated about paths to raxxla, we didn't take into account methods of travel? What if all the way to it was to be accomplished not by conventional FSD but by neutron jumps.

One last thing. We've parsed the Dark Wheel toast so many times, we've overlooked something. Like how we look at the galaxy. Normally we open up a map and we have arms at the bottom, arms at the top, etc. We assumed that jewel that burns on the brow mother of galaxies would be on top of it.

But where's the top and where's the bottom in space? It's very arbitrary. But there's logic in convention. Jewel is not a star. It's a world. A world that's like the best jewelry on the head of the galaxy. Which means it must be somewhere up its sleeve. Because it only becomes jewelry when it's desert around. So upper or down?

In my theory, jumping through the neutron pathway (Whisperer) we will come to the Jewel (World far away from bubble).

Or I've finally gotten space mad.









Reactions:
Louis Calvert