simulacrae
Apr 4, 2021
#22,679
In the spirit of Easter... Though Id start todays digression with an egg.

The Omphalos is an egg guarded by snakes and birds. It resides in Delphi - literally the "womb" of Mother Earth.

SPOILER: OMPHALOS

To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!

A bit meta - But Our Galaxy is Created and ruled by a Cobra (emphasis on rule based... procedural). - The Cobra Engine. The jewel on the brow is the snake-stone, the kernel or seed of the code. Also if you look at a Cobra ship - between the eyes.... would be the cockpit.

SPOILER: COBRA

Now thinking on the idea of a Cobra as a Mothergoddess who creates the universe - I am drawn to Shakti the divine feminine which has a snake element in the aspects of Kundalini. How might this apply within our Galaxy - Well there is a place called Ngadandari which sells a rare good called Ngadandari Fire Opals. I believe the name of the system to be a misspelling of Nagagandhari - which is a Raga (form of rule based Carnatic Music). The gist being that this is related to Pavarti (one of the aspects of Shakti) and so we now have a Jewel from the Mother of Galaxies that we can carry around in our ship... which might help with rule based mechanics... Oh and there are some other
SPOILER: SUSPICIOUS RARES



To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void!

Sirens are interesting in that they start off as winged women (birdlike) and later are transformed or atleast expanded into watery almost mermaids (snakelike). At any any rate they keep their modus operandi of Song as a means of ensnaring men to their doom. Although in Neoplatonism they become an integral part of the harmony of the spheres and the celestial axis.
In this structure, where the role of the Sirens is to maintain the harmony of The Whole through music, the spindle is the world. According to Proclus, claiming to unveil a “way of seeing that is truer and more consistent with the last stage of initiation,” the spindle of Ananke is the mythical name Plato gave to heaven, because heaven belongs to the Fates and through it they weave and spin des-tiny for all beings that come into existence. -van Liefferinge Carine, "Sirens: From the Deadly Song to the Music of the Spheres..."
Im sure the sound people in FD wont disappoint us with this. I still think there is some sort of sound cue in witchspace when we get close to raxxla.

The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts.

Here we have the continuation of the idea of the deadly form of the feminine. In that we find the Lamia , devourer of children, seducer and killer of Men and Travellers, capable of creating illusions. She is a beautiful woman from the torso up and a snake below. I say Lamia however there are other similar creatures sharing these qualities such as the Empousai. No song is involved here mostly illusion - which leads me to think that Raxxla could be hidden in something on the surface atleast - beautiful...

To Raxxla!"

Yup should be easy right ?
Reactions:
clavain, TrillClinton, Spenceuk99 and 4 others