CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 4, 2021
#22,673
Easier to calculate mainly .. given the distinct lack of info in the Raxxla Codex getting to the point of calculation required going the simplest route possible..

Finding the missing side of triangle -- required knowledge: two sides
Formula : a^2 + b^2 = c^2

Finding the radius of a circle - required knowledge: circumference
Formula: r = C / 2π

Pentagram - must be broken into triangles so why bother

Also, the Zeus myth of Delphi's formation states the eagles flew from opposite ends of the Earth and that is where omphalos stone and Delphi were placed "at the navel of the world".

As far as the Toast and why I consider the place connections only important in getting a map. First, we need a map to understand how to use it. Secondly, several of the systems are just stars with no planets. Thirdly, the Alcman's Cosmogonic Fragment made me realize that in addtion to pointing to a number of systems with just stars the Demeter/Persephone angle fit far worse than the Trojan war theme. Also, I went through it all on the older version and still had no clue where to go. When I went with the Trojan War theme and repeated connections to Thetis it all made sense.

Also, I started where everyone else did at Cassiopeia/Andromeda and couldn't make enough sense of either (or whole sections of the Alleged Toast made no sense). I then graduated to Virgo which fit the Demeter/Persephone angle but failed at "gem on the brow". Finally, I went through historical constellations of numerous mediterranean civilizations, plus several Asian ones (both Far and Near) and nothing matched. On a hunch, in an attempt to tie either some myth to that first line I stumbled across Thetis then found the Alcman's Cosmogonic Fragment.

Vetinari said:
Just some Qs really:

Why a Triangle and not a Circle or a Pentagram or a Spiral or another shape?
You seem to pick parts of the toast as just myth / window dressing and other parts as actual map pointers? How did you decide which was real and which was just for style?
Why Ancient Greek myths at all? Why not another ancient civilisations myths like Egyptians for example? Why would DW have the slightest interest in Ancient Greek and what is the reference point that they do / did?
I like the whole thing, great tinfoil, just seems you started from one POV and made everything fit into that POV or discarded it?
Why would finding an Omphalous Rift / gateway give any more power or money to one person than mining Platinum or LTDs? Taxing or setting a toll for the gateway I can see making money but why keep it secret, what advantage is there to that? Also why would a theory described in the Codex itself as discredited be taken as more important than other things in the Codes that arent described as discredited?
Click to expand...
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, Spenceuk99, Vetinari and 2 others