Louis Calvert
Nov 20, 2017
#1,083
DrewCarnegie said:
Are they new?
They just became visible recently, but that doesn't mean that they're new.
Also, it's kind of a weird coincidence that all these asteroid bases suddenly appeared all at once - how did all that construction happen without anybody hearing about it?

Well, they're new in that they weren't there before people started exploring, and now they are. So, yeah, they're new. Remember FSD tech only became widespead around 3 years ago, it was only developeed about 10 years ago.

Remember too that only 50 years ago going as far as the Pleiades was considered "Long Range Exploring" that was well beyond most people (even most explorers considered that a very far distance). Moira in OotD considered going to Peregrina a long-haul and dangerous trip outside the bubble in 3270. If you look at where it is on the map you'll see it's not that far out at all - so FSD has really opened up the Galaxy.

DrewCarnegie said:
What's the point of keeping somewhere secret if it's right in the middle of populated space?

That's both the question and the answer, IMO.

DrewCarnegie said:
If Raxxla is now in the Bubble then somebody would have found it. You can't keep it secret - there are just too many people you'd have to kill. It would be like trying to hide a secret city in the middle of Norfolk.

How do you know people haven't found it? I thought that's exactly what the missions detailed in the start of this thread show, that people have found it?

I don't know if you've ever taken part in the eyeball searches for INRA bases, but even knowing that there is definitely something on the planet it can still take hours and days for hundreds of people to eyeball search a small planet. There's almost 25,000 star systems within 150ly of Sol. If there was an alien structure on one small airless world with a base built over the top of it and guarded by a small wing of Elite pilots, no-one would ever know. Hell, if there was something like the Guardian Ruins on a small planet in the bubble there's a good chance even now it wouldn't have been accidentally found.

EDIT: Actually, ages ago I read a forum post that suggested someone had found a Dark Wheel faction planetary base - can't find it now, but they had photos and there was a logo on the side of what looked like a big telescope or sensor dish, lots of discussion on the meaning of that logo etc. Hell, might even be earlier in this thread somewhere Why couldn't that base be built over the Raxxla gateway? Who would know!
Last edited: Nov 20, 2017