Rochester
Oct 13, 2024
#35,049
Ataxia said:
Ref - Chat GPT to search.

I've done the chat gpt thing from various angles. It's more inclined to make '..it' up as to parse data. Though the new iteration allows document use and can do a lot more but is still limited by a pay wall. ie sub for better access etc,..

I do not have a good head for many things as I used to, what would help is a more comdensed log of what is true as well as lore to use as a seperate data (document) for it (gpt) to use. Unfortunately I still don't believe the ai will actually be able to puzzle it as a whole. Maybe it could do some pieces and would need to be tested with information we already know the answer to.

It is what it is, o7
Click to expand...

Not worth the effort IMOP.

All bots have a limited dataset. Firstly the internet is not the source of all knowledge, it consists of only a fraction of the information held off line, what data is online has been uploaded by humans for their own purposes, or nefarious reasons, not as a document archive procedure.

Secondly due to copyright infringement may bots actually run off private datasets, this is doubly worrysome as they are more open to such abuse, with persons actively feeding them incorrect data.

Ultimately Ai data is comprised from the outset for being biased, as such they are more prone to hallucinate and produce spurious rubbish which we humans follow without question.

Reflectivity you might be able to use them ‘creatively’ to generate random and abstract concepts which yourself could not. These might in turn be useful to enable you to think outside the box but you need to then accept it’s ultimately always rubbish and you’ll still need to back it up with real data to identify reliability.

If you need data, I would probably try and focus on abstract references, concerning the use of the terms Astrophel and Fernweh.

I suspect these are key elements and highlight potential literary links.

Eg Although we are relatively assuming the children’s book is that of Julia’s Cavus (cave) of Elite Legacy, and it could be a clue to find more locational data there-in; the term Astrophel in codex is used incorrectly, namely its origin is from a unique male prefix, but in game it’s been used to describe a female?

One such potential outcome could be the author is talking about female astronomical muses, this is a potential relationship link that could relate to Milton or maybe even Dante. This is an assumption, it may not be literal, but rather a creative abstraction.

Or another could be to analyse the older removed missions, in a attempt to breakdown the linguistic structure of that text and potentially drawn associations, Place that isn't a place, door that is also the key?
Last edited: Oct 13, 2024
Reactions:
Ian Doncaster and Jorki Rasalas