Rochester
Oct 13, 2024
#35,058
In Holdstocks book The Dark Wheel, it is described as a mythical planet which held an alien construct that served as a gateway to other universes.

In game lore-wise, various books are an unknown aspect, it has been confirmed by those involved in the lore development, if not in ED, it’s not in ED, so not everything outside the game is actually canon.

The next supposed reference to Raxxla but never resolved, originated from the old and removed missions, ‘A certain celestial body. Place that isn't a place, door that is also the key. The myth’.

A celestial body, noun; variants or less commonly celestial object, plural celestial bodies also celestial objects. An aggregation of matter such as any planet, star, or nebula etc that can be considered as a single unit.

Place that isn't a place is a liminal place, either a place of transit to another area or a mythical land existing outside of our perception, but actually inside the same dimension. An Otherworld.

The next given those older missions were deleted, is from the Codex, technically the only official definition:

Raxxla has been suggested to be anything from an unremarkable moon to a state of cosmic enlightenment.

It therefore could be anything.

The presence of the term of cosmic enlightenment, likely links back to use of a liminal space, factoring into various source materials one of the authors (MB) was fond of, namely the cosmological horror of Lovecraft, and Milton.

Said state of cosmic enlightenment then could be more of a solid description, as this could relate to the cosmological model universe proposed by John Milton, and referenced to by Holdstock as Eden being a lost mythical land, a utopia.

This might correspond to more of a metaphorical or metaphysical place, a mental, emotional landscape much like how Fernweh is a longing for distant far-off places not yet visited.

In game if it is an actualised location, then much like how I’ve established the codex is likely identifying the Lost Realms zone, the actual location could well exist in an area denoted by systems named after such mythical lands, if it truly is liminal, it could only be accessible (like the Otherworlds of old) by possessing a key; being abducted or being initiated.

Last edited: Oct 13, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae, Ataxia, PurgeTheXeno and 2 others