Jaiotu
Apr 7, 2018
#2,087
Allin said:
It's not Sirius, it's Polaris. Raxxla is in Polaris, however I'm not sure if it is a planet actually.

The stable portal to Witchspace is in Polaris and Sirius is possibly an exit to a one way (or currently one way) wormhole to Polaris. That's why it is a Waypoint. I also thint Sirius Corp "lost" the secret to how to properly open the wormhole and this is what they are really researching...



Check page 3. I think it is quite obvious what Waypoint is in that context. It's a lighthouse.



Supplementary info:

That mention in the books about people already being on Raxxla? That won't back down from hiring assassins to stop the ones on the track?
That's Sirius Corp. As you know Raxxla contains portals to "other dimensions" - that is obviously the stable gateway to Witchspace. The home of you know who and say with me what is the most important "invention" of Sirius Corp (they actually obtained the research data form Alliance and they used it to build a prototype)?
Yeah, Frame Shift Drive. Such coincidence, much mystery.
Another thing - Antares event. The ship "disappeared" when performing the experiment. Remember Event Horizon? It went into the witchspace and exited at the ONLY known stable exit point. Raxxla. Later on we've found its "remains".
Further - Polaris alternative name apart from Alpha Ursae Minoris and North Star is... Star of Arcady. Yes, the mythical Arcadia as people call it.
So, to sum it up - it's Polaris
As David Braben said it is in range of a stock Cobra III:



Jump range total 467LY. Polaris from LHS 3447 - 436.13LY. Remember you are not moving at a straight line.

Or and it's not like Lucifer would be the symbolical leader of the Dark Wheel.

Also, Polaris is a trinary system.






Good stuff. Polaris has always been an interesting system in Elite: Dangerous and myself and others have brought it up as a candidate for possible connection to Raxxla. It is currently permit locked but those of us familiar with Frontier: First Encounters will recall it's connection with the Thargoids. I've always found it interesting that the Thargoids at Polaris were capable of opening a gateway to send that player to what is presumed to be the Thargoid's homeworld ... one of my backburner theories has been that finding Raxxla will require becoming allied with the Thargoids in order to access this technology. Polaris may not be Raxxla itself but rather the Key/Door to accessing it. Perhaps this is what Jason Ryder did ... and that encounter may have been what preceded mankind's first encounters with the Thargoids around the time of CMDR Jameson.

Like I said though. Backburner theory. Without a way to acquire a Polaris permit or begin to make friends with the Thargoids there isn't any way to put it to the test.

As to Waypoint being a lighthouse; I'm familiar with how to use various asterisms to locate specific stars in the night sky. I live in a rural area of the United States. On a clear and moonless night the Milky Way shines very brilliantly and I enjoy scanning the heavens via backyard telescope. This doesn't explain why one of Sirius' planets would bear the name "Waypoint" though. I totally agree with you though that Sirius Corporation is definitely on the top of the list of suspects for being the evil and twisted men who are exploiting Raxxla.

... do you have a source for DB stating that Raxxla is within the Range of a Cobra Mk III? I'm not familiar with the quotation.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420