Allin
A
Apr 7, 2018
#2,086
It's not Sirius, it's Polaris. Raxxla is in Polaris, however I'm not sure if it is a planet actually.

The stable portal to Witchspace is in Polaris and Sirius is possibly an exit to a one way (or currently one way) wormhole to Polaris. That's why it is a Waypoint. I also thint Sirius Corp "lost" the secret to how to properly open the wormhole and this is what they are really researching...

Which begs the question ... one of the two planets in the Sirius system is a gas giant named "Waypoint". Waypoint to what? What is it pointing to?


Check page 3. I think it is quite obvious what Waypoint is in that context. It's a lighthouse.

http://www.starlearner.com/new-course/documents/3.1e Finding Polaris and Sirius.pdf

Supplementary info:

That mention in the books about people already being on Raxxla? That won't back down from hiring assassins to stop the ones on the track?
That's Sirius Corp. As you know Raxxla contains portals to "other dimensions" - that is obviously the stable gateway to Witchspace. The home of you know who and say with me what is the most important "invention" of Sirius Corp (they actually obtained the research data form Alliance and they used it to build a prototype)?
Yeah, Frame Shift Drive. Such coincidence, much mystery.
Another thing - Antares event. The ship "disappeared" when performing the experiment. Remember Event Horizon? It went into the witchspace and exited at the ONLY known stable exit point. Raxxla. Later on we've found its "remains".
Further - Polaris alternative name apart from Alpha Ursae Minoris and North Star is... Star of Arcady. Yes, the mythical Arcadia as people call it.
So, to sum it up - it's Polaris
As David Braben said it is in range of a stock Cobra III:

https://coriolis.edcd.io/outfit/cob...1/kA==.Aw1/kA==..EweloBhBGA2EoFMCGBzANokMK6A=

Jump range total 467LY. Polaris from LHS 3447 - 436.13LY. Remember you are not moving at a straight line.

Or and it's not like Lucifer would be the symbolical leader of the Dark Wheel.

Also, Polaris is a trinary system.





Last edited: Apr 7, 2018
Reactions:
Rochester, [PS4] Filthymick420 and Jaiotu