tracyaat
T
Apr 6, 2018
#2,081
Hi folks,

I recently picked the game up on PS4 and I’m having quite a lot of fun. I’ve already purchased a new ship, an Adder, and I’m in the process of working towards a DBX. I have gone through all 139 pages spanning years or theories and speculations and I thought I would throw my two cents in here. Mind you, I’ve never played or read anything related to Elite. All my theories are coming from this thread along with the Wiki.

Scouring this thread I’ve seen quite a lot of possibilities as to why it Raxxla hasn’t been found yet. I’m thinking it has something to do with being behind a content wall. This point isn’t really too sound with FD saying that it’s been around since day one.

I feel that we wont be able to get any solid evidence prior to Q4 this year with the big update due to FD wanted to set framework in place that will allow us to do more on-planet, more with phenomena and various anomalies and due to the Krait being released.

Reading the Wiki and the info for ED: Beyond, a big factor will be needing the Krait initially to find the Gateway needed to get to Raxxla. In terms of why the Krait will be needed is due to it being in the original Elite and it was an old antiquated model being rereleased Faulcon DeLacy, who has strong ties with Sirius Corp for their drives and such. The Krait will feature a newer drive that they will boast that is cutting edge, and only usable in the Krait for proprietary reasons. The drive will be the key that is also the door. The Krait itself will be locked behind at least one elite status. FD stated that Raxxla is part of a personal journey knowing that not everyone will be aiming for triple or quadruple elite status.

With zooming around the bubble in their new Krait, they will come across various phenomena and anomalies, when these are scanned, you will start to get bread crumbs for Raxxla. Through these bread crumbs, there will be new ways to engineer scanners and such. Once we have a trail, we will be lead to the Gateway. Now, I stated that the FSD is the key. The Gateway itself will be dormant until the CMDR flies close enough in the Krait, then it will become active and they can use it.

The Gateway will transport CMDRs to another region in the Milky Way where they will be able to find Raxxla.

Please note, I am just throwing things out there based on the roadmap and theory.
Reactions:
Jaiotu, Macros Black and Scytale