Jorki Rasalas
Apr 30, 2020
#16,247
Lest said:
We could also befriend a renegade group of Thargs and help them to push back the hostile ones out of the Galaxy. I read some posts about a war within those guys (official lore or speculation?) which could benefits humans.
That would create trading, fighting, exploration,... to support the war effort. Bring some new dark stuff on Aegis, and why not give some clues about Raxxla (if linked to the Thargoids)/Witchspace navigation. If those rebels are a thing, and they're losing their civil war, they would probably not mind getting allies, share knowledge (adding new modules, weapons and ships) and even integrate Human/Guardian techs to their own.
That doesn't mean they won't turn against human once freed from their enemy and buffed with Humans/Guardian tech. So we still got a nemesis to fight against - A hive mind would, most likely, not trust the unreliability of separate entities that behave independently and according to their unique past experience.

Of course the above is just pure speculations.
Click to expand...

Two factions of thargoids (relatively benign Oresrians and ravening Klaxians) locked in a civil war, Oresrians losing and looking to draw the Klaxians through the bubble for humanity to act as a meat shield while they make their escape is mentioned in the plot of both Out of The Darkness and Premonition, two FD-sponsored books (& good reads). Since they are FD-sponsored I tend to believe them. Apparently we only have the Oresrian (with whom we fought previous Thargoid war) side of that; they could be lying.

FD intimated that a choice of conflict or otherwise was available to humanity. I never saw any sign of a choice in-game, although the goids did not attack human ships until recently - there is a strong possibility that early “thargoid attacks” were staged by the Black Flight special ops npc (apparently the logs at the Relay Station in Celaeno reveal this, but I haven’t tried to get those yet, next job on my personal journey). However the pew pew afficionados took the decision out of our hands.
Last edited: Apr 30, 2020
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, Lest, [PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99 and 4 others