CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 15, 2022
#28,464
Rochester said:
Update on Milton Conundrum.

Thanks in part to various insight and creativity in this thread I think I have a potential interpretation of the Raxxla logo, again nothing that hasn’t been proposed before, but this is just an attempt to collate it.

View attachment 337898

The use of a dashed line in the logo, I propose means either something hidden or something behind another object. Or two locations separated by distance?

I suspect this may relate to Pandemonium (lower hexagon) and the Gate of Heaven (above).

There is an obscure reference to Pandemonium as a :


The 6 lined element, I suspect represents the world tree Yggdrasil, 3 branches above, 3 roots below.

The circle with a dot is the alchemical symbol for Sol. The three prongs, either represent a marker, maybe at the uppermost height of this simple map?

This together I suspect might describe visually a John Milton Primum Mobile; thoughts?

Thread 'The John Milton conundrum'
Click to expand...
What if Raxxla is the Talmor Lens from "Alien Worlds: A Complete Illustrated Guide". The Talmor Lens was supposed to be aimed at particular globular cluster. I believe all of those are pretty much near the core of the galaxy. This might be zones of the where Talmor equipment was located (personally always kind of suspected the Artificial power sources, artificial structures, orbital installations, and surface installations might be far older). I say this mainly because using the green lines Sol is almost perfectly where those lines would be. If Raxxla is based on Holdstock, the totality of whatever Raxxla would be might well be enormous, even if only a particular area has the gate itself. Though I do wonder about blackholes in light of the glow on those systems. There is a Holdstock book by the name of called "Realms of Fantasy" that I believe covers Yggdrasil and at the end covers a section called "Urth: The Ancient Future and Book of the New Sun". Pretty sure every last book between Holdstock and Malcolm Edwards may feed into this. There are sections in each book that are bolded and seem to be important in the myth (e.g. Sargasso Sea of Space from Alien World which is also a beacon in Luyten 205-128). Just a thought...