HunterwithGreenScales
Dec 17, 2022
#28,473
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Remember the story of Jasmina Halsey's vision? It appears that is actually legitimate. The "glow" only happens with systems with one or more blackholes and is visible even on GalMap for a good distance away. Blackholes also have crazy audio connected with them. This has now been validated as occurring elsewhere. Another notable example is TrA X-1. Interestingly, HIP 63835 appears to have been inhabited previously but only has a comms installation. System security is anarchy but there are automated defenses when you start trying to hack the installation with recon limpets.

Screenshot as proof (picture is much better than preview suggests):
I'm gonna copy/paste the summery of my theory regarding Raxxla, Halsey's visions, the Guardians, etc. That addresses this very thing:

Alright. I'm gonna blow some minds with my theory as to where RAXXLA is: Its in CD-37 10033.
The logic goes like this; The short of it:
Guardian Civ + Wclass stars.
Reading though the old data from guardian obelisks, it implies very subtly guardian connections to Wolfs. Particularly how the stars cooling affected their evolution, and rise of civilization.
Guardian "Bubble" is mostly centered around a Wolf, "Gamma Velorum".
Second Guardian "Bubble" is also centered around a Wolf (Hen 2-333) as well.
Guardian AI constructs are missing from history.
Guardian Constructs gone somewhere far.
Constructs speak to humanity via dreams.
Dark Wheel know this, spent centuries gathering up "evidence" from affected individuals, records at hidden station, never actually found physical Raxxla.
Jasmine Haley and Gan Romero have dreams recently.
Jasmine says; "I saw a place of extraordinary beauty. A paradise. It was truly wonderful. This was no dream – it was a glimpse of something very real. We must find this place. It could be our future".
She also describes them as "architects of creation"
Romero records; "an area of space, not black but radiant…glowing like heaven"
Systems inside single system nebulas have a sky bright and radiant (like Bubble Nebula).
CD-37 is a Wolf-Rayet inside such a nebula.
Last edited: Dec 17, 2022
Reactions:
Macros Black, Spenceuk99, Han_Zen and 2 others