Jorki Rasalas
Apr 30, 2020
#16,263
Vetinari said:
Theres a tip off/mysterious stranger thread somewhere that probably answers a lot of your questions Alexzk, fairly sure Ian Doncaster started it or is a regular contributor. One fdev staff member also contributes and said that the conclusions are getting really close to the actual mechanism for generating these missions, so close he offered to reveal it if they wanted. Last time I saw it they said not yet as still having fun working it out. Probably not connected to Raxxla or the DW though seems to be the conclusion.



I heard that too, he said something like 'follow the missions' but not 100% sure what it was in relation to, I thought it was about Raxxla as well but cant find the source now (and not sure if I watched it or heard it 2nd hand). It was in relation to the fact that people werent doing as expected, that players were expected to move on and jump around but sometimes people stayed in the same system or a small group of systems. Im a bit of both, if I find anything of interest Ill stay and map everything and explore everything but otherwise I have no system loyalty and just go where I feel or where the mission says and then take another random one.

I did have a theory that some things are meant to lead us places. A couple of CGs have been in systems with something of interest, usually a Beacon, so wondered if the CG was designed to get as many players as possible to engage with that 'something'. But a lot of the trails run to a dead end, or a seeming dead end? Same foe the Engineers, a couple of them can maximise the chance of going to a system of interest (Soontil relics - I didnt check where to buy them and ended up in Soontil, Jameson shopping list routed me through a beacon that led to a Gen Ship but obviously that one depends on jump range so wont 'catch' everyone) Havent gone back on the old Engineers shopping list routes but its something I keep meaning to do just to see if I missed anything (usually I did them ina DBX with 60+ LY range so may have missed something)

tldr - Vetinari is grasping at straws and seeing patterns where there probably isnt any...as usual
Click to expand...

I think you’re both correct. The “personal journey” path to Raxxla must involve in-game mechanics; I will get back to ranking up with Federation & Empire and running missions in a while, I have some other things I want to do first. And yes, I think FD have been dropping hints via CG, easter eggs, treasure hunts etc for a while. But their clues are not obviously clues so we’ve been ignoring them.
The video was
Source: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=gDh9G1gDgMU
, but
Source: https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&t=7m15s&v=rOYhoFYIWmw
may also be relevant.
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, Vetinari, Rochester and 1 other person