Merlin StWahgwaan
Jun 7, 2020
#17,097
Batterby76 said:
Jaques station is unique in the fact that it is not just a station but a very old highly modified cyborg, jacques is its self an independent entity cable of choosing it's own location, it's not owned by any factions it is self aware.
If we still had the gal net records available you could read its entire history

Umm... since when? Do you have any FACTS or evidence to back up your claim?

Jaques Station
Jaques Station is an Orbis Starport currently located in the Colonia system. Owned by the eccentric Jaques, it is unique among stations in that it is equipped with engines and is capable of traveling to different systems; all other stations, with the exception of those undergoing construction...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com

Jaques is only special in the sense that it was outfitted with a "hyper-drive" so that it could be moved to Begal Point, but only made it to Colonia.

I dont want to start another war in this thread, esspecially about a topic I know for a fact has RECENTLY been discussed, in this thread, but spreading mis-information and/or opinons as facts, is a horribly mean thing to do, esspecially considering how much effort most people put into their research.

"If we still had the gal net records available you could read its entire history" - is just adding fuel to the fire of mis-information, when its simply not true.

New-comers, Im sure, dont appriciate things like that.

Sorry, never mind, your half right... that station itself is not a cyborg, but owned by one.

" the centuries-old cyborg bartender Jaques, formerly a member of a Federal black ops team called the "Quinentis Fourteens", gained full ownership of the Starport Peters Base in Facece.[1] During his years bartending, Jaques had long dreamed of attaching engines to the station and using it to explore the galaxy. Jaques eventually made his dream a reality, despite some delays: he had to exchange Peters Base, a Coriolis, for a more resilient Orbis, which he named after himself "
Last edited: Jun 7, 2020
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420