Jorki Rasalas
Feb 27, 2022
#25,462
SpaceGoblin said:
That's the conversation I was thinking of.

Yeah, it could be hearsay, but as I said, you have to let yourself believe something, otherwise what's the point of engaging with Raxxla at all?

So this is one of the premises I accept as real on my quest for Raxxla

For now, obviously. With mysteries like this, everything is subject to change at a whim, or the uncovering of a new clue!



Maybe. Or, if its The Dark Wheel Station, it could be some clue or other thing you have to interact with in order to be able to then find Raxxla, wherever it is.



Could be, but for now, I'm keeping it. There is a Gas Giant in Shinrarta Dezhra with an 8th moon, afterall



I go backwards and forwards on how much of a clue/relevance The Toast has - but whilst I'm chasing Elite it's something to do - hence my visit to the Cassiopeia stars, and my intent to go to Rho Cassiopeia after the Crab Nebula - it's quite a way out from there!

Having seen a yoochoob vid of someone visiting it, iirc the honk reveals 7 bodies, so no 8th moon there either, so I'm not hopeful, but it's somewhere to go on my quest for Exploration Elite!


Absolutely agreed! I very much hope there is some sort of clue, pointer or key to Raxxla in Shinrarta Dezhra - just gotta make Elite so I can help look for it!
Click to expand...
Good luck in your search. A lot of the fun of this Quest is thinking up your own hypotheses and then checking them out.

Another interpretation of the 8th moon phrasing is that it’s misdirection, and it could be a moon of the 8th planet, which is a GG. Many people have pointed out that could be Sol’s Neptune (Sol 8), which coincidentally (??) happens to be the name of Alex Ryder’s son & the leader of TDW. His brother Oberon (Uranus IV!) argued with him about the search for Raxxla and formed the splinter group the Circle of Independent Elite Pilots with the goal of using Soontill's power to protect humanity (source: And Here The Wheel). Both names are bodies in Sol, where spaceflight started and since TDW has been in existence since the beginning of spaceflight (Codex) then it is likely that TDW station would be in Sol if it were in-game.

The TDW is supposed to be a very old design. When testing out my “Hunt the Princess” hypothesis I found one in system Anna Perenna, a Coriolis “Wisoff Holdings” with twin booms, think there might have been another old fashioned type too, but I made the mistake of tidying up my notes . Ashe, Athena, Aurora have outposts with glass roofs over the hangar area-handcrafted? Why??

Another possibility for TDW station is Jacque’s place.

Edit: just been trying to find the more detailed notes from my Hunt the Princess hypothesis. Failed, but found another deleted note which is way old but may be of interest, wrt again to interpretation of codex phrasing, specifically Art & Cora Tornqvis. Now Art is obviously Heart, and (so Google told me, never watched the programme) in the Queen of Hearts (Episode). ... Princess Cora Mills, also known as the Queen of Hearts, is a character on ABC's Once Upon a Time and Once Upon a Time in Wonderland. So my immediate thought ... is there an in-game system named Wonderland?
Last edited: Feb 27, 2022
Reactions:
Han_Zen and SpaceGoblin