SpaceGoblin
Feb 26, 2022
#25,461
Jorki Rasalas said:
“ more likely to reveal itself to a group of players”
WHERE DID THIS ORIGINATE???
Until we find the source it is just another unsubstantiated rumour and likely a red herring...but it could be the key to the mystery. Perhaps it’s been deleted because of that, too obvious a clue???

Cmdr Koben recalled an early video interview with David Braben that sounds similar
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8194682

“Someone asked him about Raxxla and the answer was:
DB: "- It would be more likelly to reveal itself to a group of players."
Interviewer: "- How so?"
DB: "- If you are at the right place and you scan it enough..."
Interviewer: "- Advanced scanner or the basic one?"
DB: "- Basic scanning is enough."
Interviewer: "- But you have to be Elite..."
DB: "- You have to be Elite." “
Click to expand...
That's the conversation I was thinking of.

Yeah, it could be hearsay, but as I said, you have to let yourself believe something, otherwise what's the point of engaging with Raxxla at all?

So this is one of the premises I accept as real on my quest for Raxxla

For now, obviously. With mysteries like this, everything is subject to change at a whim, or the uncovering of a new clue!

Jorki Rasalas said:
IF it is true then Raxxla must be in Shinrarta, since that is the only place that requires elite rank. If we can find the source for this rumour then it would warrant a concentrated coordinated search in Shinrarta, which is a big system so needs some evidence to justify.

Maybe. Or, if its The Dark Wheel Station, it could be some clue or other thing you have to interact with in order to be able to then find Raxxla, wherever it is.

Jorki Rasalas said:
I think 8th moon of a GG is a red herring, or perhaps an indirect clue to Raxxla. Rochester asked customer support about TDW station and IIRC got the answer that it is not currently in-game. So the associated Codex text is either bumpf, or misdirection with a different meaning to what we are thinking. Sufficient doubt is given in the j over Lyta Crane’s veracity that I have never believed the claim.

Could be, but for now, I'm keeping it. There is a Gas Giant in Shinrarta Dezhra with an 8th moon, afterall

Jorki Rasalas said:
And if you’re looking at the Alleged Toast the answer...

I go backwards and forwards on how much of a clue/relevance The Toast has - but whilst I'm chasing Elite it's something to do - hence my visit to the Cassiopeia stars, and my intent to go to Rho Cassiopeia after the Crab Nebula - it's quite a way out from there!

Having seen a yoochoob vid of someone visiting it, iirc the honk reveals 7 bodies, so no 8th moon there either, so I'm not hopeful, but it's somewhere to go on my quest for Exploration Elite!
Jorki Rasalas said:
Yes, I suspect if Raxxla itself is not in Shinrarta then a clue must lie therein!

Absolutely agreed! I very much hope there is some sort of clue, pointer or key to Raxxla in Shinrarta Dezhra - just gotta make Elite so I can help look for it!
Reactions:
Spenceuk99 and Jorki Rasalas