Edelgard von Rhein
E
Jul 7, 2019
#9,349
FullM3talX said:
greetings to you all, raxxla seekers.

i only recently started getting interrested in Raxxla. and been reading this thread a bit. i didn't read all of it, so if this has been pointed out previously, i apologise for repeating it.
i've been looking at the codex logo lately, and i cant help but see a box inside a box. and 6 fragments.
SPOILER: RAXXLA LOGO

so i did some paint overlaying.
i named the fragments from 1 to 6. if you pull them together to the center, they form a perfect box and deductively is inside?
what could the 6 fragments be? 6 clues? 6 keys? 6 missions?
also what does the supposed raxxla inside look like? is it familiar in any way?

here is the final result without all the lines.

just some random tinfoil hat thoughts
Click to expand...
The concept of the tesseract has been mentioned in this thread before but this is a clear demonstration of how the Raxxla symbol fits it. Thanks for posting!

The more I go over the geometry like this, the more I think that the Raxxla symbol from the Codex is a clue to what Raxxla is and not where it is. The arrangement of two parallel cubes into a tesseract (one of the easiest ways for me to visualise it) does lend itself to being a means of travel between two locations. The only part of the symbol it does not explain is the central dot with three arcs around it. I do wonder if that is a representation of our ship with full shields but it could also refer to something needed to activate it (Thargoid Probe, Sensor and Link?) or some action we have to take, like activating the switches in Guardian Beacons.

If the Raxxla symbol describes what Raxxla is, then I think the where is going to be found from analysis of Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars, possibly with 'fernweh' as a cryptographic key. I also need to read about The Kingdom of Prester John as that is much less well-known than the other myths it is mentioned alongside, which makes me wonder if there is also a clue in there somewhere. Tau Ceti, as the place first mentioned in the Codex article, might represent a starting place in game to a path of sorts, once you know where to go.
Reactions:
Rochester, AOpsyche, Count dEstard and 1 other person