Han_Zen
Feb 7, 2023
#29,195
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Things just got much weirder on the Guardian and Thargoid front (possibly much more). There is something fundamentally off with both Guardians and Thargoids. Specifically, each species has a type of organic surface site related to each: Brain trees for Guardians and Barnacles for Thargoids. Here's where the problem comes in - all have a fruiting body that includes Cordyceps. Do you realize what this stuff does? It is the fungus from The Last of Us that makes living zombies. I believe have seen this on other Horizons era surface organics, too. I wonder if our Mycoid was to blame or what exactly? Did we infect the entire galaxy with zombie-producing fungus? I swear it never gets easier and never gets more normal. Damn the lore of this game is weird. In game, you shoot these fruiting bodies and get varying grades of materials that can be used to make jumponium, ammo, repairs, etc. I am still trying to figure out what I am supposed to do with this. I mean apparently what was supposed to have targeted just Thargoids may have gotten way out of control. Did I mention that WW III ends with an incurable pandemic that started on Earth?
Earth (from the Frontier gazatteer):


The problem: that probably was not a virus (especially given GalNet is somewhat inconsistent on terms). That is likely what became the basis of Mycoid. When Jaques was "cured" it gave the Imperial Naval Reserve Arm access to it. It then got tested in Sohalia and later as the Cerberus Plague. Apparently, we almost single-handedly infected a galaxy with a zombie fungus.

Raxxlans and thus Raxxla may not be alien at all (though I still maintain we found something alien and decided we would be the only ones to have access). In essence, some group decided it wanted to be king of the Universe. Sadly, anyone caught handling this crud is about to find out that karma is very, very real. If the rot pervades the entirety of The Pilots' Federation, I am quite content burning it all down so that the future looks better than this hellscape. Whether that makes me a hero or the villain, I guess we'll find out. The future deserves something better than this.

I guess the question is was it worth saving humans from annihilation via the Guardian AI? In some ways, I understand why the past went down this way. In another, there was untold amounts of suffering. I need time to figure this all out. Loving the story, but that sheer amount of mindf***ery is just nuts.

More info on the fungus among us:


Click to expand...
This is the original creation story for weapon grade Mycoid, from FFE: http://www.dream-ware.co.uk/first-e...life-on-the-frontier/inevitable-consequences/
Mycoid was originally used for recycling metals and plastics. They were controlled by an endovirus, that would shut it down after a given time. After removing the dependency of the endovirus, it stopped shutting down and could be used as a weapon against Thargoids.
Both Thargoid hardware and Thargoid physiology contains polymeres similar to plastics, making them vulnerable to the Mycoid.

How much of the original story that is still valid in ED, is unknown. My guess is that the story has been changed a bit. I think we will learn at some point, that Mycoid was originally a Guardian invention. Guardians were masters of biological warfare. The brain trees could be remnants of an old defence system. Basically an insect repellent that Guardians planted on planets they wanted Thargoid free.

The fungal infections we see on Thargoid stuff in the Pleiades, is probably remnants of the Mycoid attacks in the 3150s.

The Sohalian fewer and the Cerberus plague are virus diseases. At least the Cerberus plague was an endovirus (like the safety element of Mycoid). Both deceases were probably man made. Other than that, they have little to do with Mycoid and fungal infections.
Reactions:
Shadowsnog, Rochester and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian