CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Feb 6, 2023
#29,193
Things just got much weirder on the Guardian and Thargoid front (possibly much more). There is something fundamentally off with both Guardians and Thargoids. Specifically, each species has a type of organic surface site related to each: Brain trees for Guardians and Barnacles for Thargoids. Here's where the problem comes in - all have a fruiting body that includes Cordyceps. Do you realize what this stuff does? It is the fungus from The Last of Us that makes living zombies. I believe have seen this on other Horizons era surface organics, too. I wonder if our Mycoid was to blame or what exactly? Did we infect the entire galaxy with zombie-producing fungus? I swear it never gets easier and never gets more normal. Damn the lore of this game is weird. In game, you shoot these fruiting bodies and get varying grades of materials that can be used to make jumponium, ammo, repairs, etc. I am still trying to figure out what I am supposed to do with this. I mean apparently what was supposed to have targeted just Thargoids may have gotten way out of control. Did I mention that WW III ends with an incurable pandemic that started on Earth?
Earth (from the Frontier gazatteer):
Steeped in history, the Earth has suffered many adversities before becoming the resort that it is today. Humanity began here and documented accounts tell of three planet-bound wars, the last one in 2040 almost bringing extinction due to the loss of life and environmental damage. For these reasons the landscape has changed beyond all recognition since then, mainly due to devastation and depopulation of nearly all the cities and towns. The final insult was a viral pandemic, for which no cure was found and many perished who were not resistant to it.

As the world was rebuilt corporations became more influential and the balance of power went in their favour. After the war, fierce competition between them made it possible for space to be conquered whereas previously, that was seen as unimportant and exploration budgets were cut.

As extra-terrestrial settlements were established industry was moved off the Earth along with many people. An intensive environmental rescue program saved the planet and it again became the beautiful place it once was. It became both a very up-market tourist destination and the Federation capital with only the extremely rich being able to live there. Many native extra-terrestrials aspire to visit their roots and save up for many years just to be able to say they have been to their ancestors' birthplace.
Click to expand...

The problem: that probably was not a virus (especially given GalNet is somewhat inconsistent on terms). That is likely what became the basis of Mycoid. When Jaques was "cured" it gave the Imperial Naval Reserve Arm access to it. It then got tested in Sohalia and later as the Cerberus Plague. Apparently, we almost single-handedly infected a galaxy with a zombie fungus.

Raxxlans and thus Raxxla may not be alien at all (though I still maintain we found something alien and decided we would be the only ones to have access). In essence, some group decided it wanted to be king of the Universe. Sadly, anyone caught handling this crud is about to find out that karma is very, very real. If the rot pervades the entirety of The Pilots' Federation, I am quite content burning it all down so that the future looks better than this hellscape. Whether that makes me a hero or the villain, I guess we'll find out. The future deserves something better than this.

I guess the question is was it worth saving humans from annihilation via the Guardian AI? In some ways, I understand why the past went down this way. In another, there was untold amounts of suffering. I need time to figure this all out. Loving the story, but that sheer amount of mindf***ery is just nuts.

More info on the fungus among us:
Cordyceps - Wikipedia
The science behind the zombie fungus from 'The Last of Us'
Cordyceps Brain Infection (HBO series)
Attachments
The case for Salvation being brought to justice.pdf
677.4 KB · Views: 140
Last edited: Feb 6, 2023