Jorki Rasalas
Aug 27, 2019
#11,451
Vetinari said:
Orbital Graveyard - Don't get me started, its starting to annoy me. When I was 10 I got Elite, the only thing in any of the manuals / books which was solid was the Graveyard, so I thought I'll go and have a look....not there, been checking every game since and still not there. In the current game they have 'Debris Field' which are tiny graveyards so they could have the real one....but I could live with that...until this announcement that the robots have been made from scraps from the Orbital Graveyard and its still not there!!! At least put it in first!

Rant over - that toast reminds me of something and I've just worked it out. Its a Lara Croft type 'clue' on which order to do things in a room to open a door...it might be the answer when we get there, not on how to find it...or it might be directions within a system somehow to point to a certain star and just cruise for eg 10K LS. Maybe theres a system with named planets that fits in when we find it. If you're not in the right place its meaningless, hence the DW have 'lost' Raxxla....cor theres hundreds of ways DB & Fdev could run with this, wonder which one they chose/choose.

Don't think DW at SD is the real DW. If anything according to Codex lore and Felicity they would have to be a 'plant' organisation to try and draw out the real DW, yes/ no? Maybe attacking the DW faction is the way to go...

Can somebody kill off a nagging recurring thought that Gankers and Griefers have been recruited by the DW or the Code to keep pilots out of certain systems or away from certain areas?

Whats with all the Unauthorised Installations? this implies that system security have no idea what goes on at the outer planets, so anything could be anywhere.
Click to expand...

Elite Premonition says that the real Dark Wheel is a conglerate of like-minded organisations, wheels within wheels and SD is “just spinning on the outer rim”. It’s an FD-sponsored book so I think it should be canon on this. The question is ‘is it feasible and how can we progress towards the “DW hub” ‘? It may be just more FD fluff.
Reactions:
PeteACarter and Scytale