Rochester
Dec 1, 2024
#35,459
Louis Calvert said:
The actual lore in-game:

25th Nov 3310: Galnet article: “Seo Jin-ae has - rather publicly - insisted that her recent medical emergency was the result of the Thargoids seeking to learn about her and, by extension, humanity as a whole. Should this prove true, we must assume that the Thargoids have new information to identify human targets, orchestrate attacks and more. In recent days, Seo stated that the Thargoid hive mind has altered its ‘tone’ in a way which has previously led to a change in Thargoid tactics.”



Consider this - again, entirely from the in-game lore - there's been nothing to suggest that anyone in the Lore really knows or cares about the Martian artefact or the permit lock on Triton. The Martian Artefact is really only mentioned 12 years ago, and other than that and the Tourist Beacon around Mars it's an ancient historical footnote. There's nothing to suggest Seo Jin-ae even knows about it any more than any non-history expert will know about some priceless 800 year old antique in the British Museum's archives. Triton's permit lock isn't in the Lore at all except that it exists in game, but it's less explained than even Lave 2.

The most likely explanation is that the Thargoids learned from Seo about Sol being the birthplace of humanity and the seat of one of our Hive Queens. Maybe that's what the Titans were always looking for, maybe they expect a Hive Queen to show up and fight them and that didn't happen, which might explain why they were sitting there letting us hammer them into the ground for a year.

That's why I would be so surprised if it were Raxxla related (or Triton or the Martian Artefact), we'll know for sure in a few days
Click to expand...

Yup O7 there.

Honestly I’m of the opinion also that the Relic and Triton could just as much be discarded narrative devices…from a previous storyline, there are whole permit locked areas in deep space that have been there for 10 years. I am doubtful FD actually has anything planned for them now. So Triton as with Polaris, might just be locked because FD are inconsistent?

Wait and see.
Last edited: Dec 1, 2024