Rochester
Dec 1, 2024
#35,456
I believe Cmdr Burrs words should be well heeded.

Burrs messages overtime, have, I perceive, always been on point and consistent with the FD message handed down, he is in this respect probably a reliable mouthpiece of FD, relaying a message which has never wandered off topic into wild or personal opinion.

In that respect, if he’s made a certain point, I’m pretty certain it’s a regurgitation of an official FD message. If not verbatim then he’s always applied a medium of sticking to the facts to mitigate deviation and to keep it professional.

In regards to this generally, yes I do suspect Sol is a primary objective of the Thargoids in regards to FD larger narrative and yes as I’ve always advocated, and as Burrs repeated what FD stated; they are looking for something / someone!

And likewise as FD has mentioned previously our perception of them is a projection, factually their behaviour is alien.

I don’t believe they’re actually after Raxxla however.

The Triton lock is a ‘development’ lock - confirmed by FD to be inaccessible to players at this time. Meaning it’s a narrative gate.

Logically if it were linked, that essentially stipulates Raxxla is locked too. This I don’t believe is logical, as surely it evidently reduces the significance and inherent purpose of the codex.

The Mars Relic, yes like Triton I do believe is likewise linked, by Brooke’s own admission, in the initial lore videos, it was at that time insinuated as another narrative element.

So Sol / Triton / Mars Relic are all very likely involved in the Thargoid narrative.

I don’t believe however that Raxxla is key but it’s actually part of the wider environmental backstory, as in as much as the Guardian lore provided by Ram Tah, gave an historical context for their existence millions of years prior to our own, hinting to them being precursors.

I suspect Raxxla will likewise fill in that wider background, and that this is in line with Brookes ‘Space in between’ story, which I suspect is written into the architecture of the bubble.

In this respect I don’t believe Raxxla is in Sol, and from this wider perspective it is not the centre of the story. Given by Brookes book cover design, the objective is likely Heavens gate.

I suspect in regards to the Miltonian cosmological theory, Sol is just at the centre of the zone of Chaos.

In that respect it’s halfway through the narrative path to the Empyrean and Eden (Raxxla). So in respect to Burrs comments, yes this is a narrative but it’s not the end, or at most the end objective is not Raxxla?

I suspect Raxxla is actually far above Sol, relatively close to the Thetis signal, and inline with the focal point denoted by the Mealstroms….in particular I currently suspect this is a location along a line of sight moving ‘Eastwards’ through a centroid of the Norse Norns…

I could speculate then from this, the next step in the story is their objective in Sol is to locate something or someone, and then their next move will likely be upwards…

If they don’t then they are looking for something / someone else, or this is another example of dragging out the story…indicating another narrative gate exists down the line… probably prepped for Xmas or 2025.

Finding Raxxla is the not goal, logically it’s existence ought not allow us, the player to supersede FDs narrative.so logically it’s not imperative to the story(?).

If Raxxla were in Sol, and integral then I will speculate it’s a narrative gate, and logically this goes against the archeological evidence uncovered so far, and the purpose of the Codex, in that ultimately it’s an indicating that FD had altered their narrative considerably, in the past, and we have likely been hoodwinked!

In short my opinion is Raxxla is a cosmological form of enlightenment, that identifies the origin story of Thargoids as the precursor species, and the Guardians as our creators and the interlopers, and as in Brookes story; we’ve woken them up, and now they seek for the possession of some Bogomilian form of creation.

Sol would make sense as the theological location of Eden but, based on my calculations it’s not in the correct position in the cosmology,

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10331255

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10345698
Last edited: Dec 1, 2024