Rochester
Dec 11, 2022
#28,392
Mmm
John [Panzertard] Stoutbeard said:
Then you want to check out the 3 systems down beneath the bubble:
McBurney's Point (meaning "2/3 rds" in terms of distance, medical term)
Odin's Wisdom (not the ravens, but still if you think about the ravens, is this the 'mid point'?)
Gilthaven (formely a jeweler shop - sorry, all I could find, no ED/cannon story here)

Ref: https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/plotting-software.529784/post-8144971
McBurneys Point; 2:3rds interesting…

McBurney's point the point over the right side of the abdomen that is one-third of the distance from the anterior superior iliac spine to the umbilicus (navel) (Omphalos). Or the location of McBurney's point, is located two thirds the distance from the umbilicus to the right anterior superior iliac spine.

It should be noted that in Paradise Lost (one of M Brookes favourite stories) John Milton when describing his model universe literally identifies the location of the Hells gate in relation to Heavens gate, being that of three semi-diameters.

‘As far removed from god and light of heaven as far from the centre three times to the utmost pole’.

The potential implications of a system reflecting upon 3rds - particularly within this area I find very intriguing!

Thread 'The John Milton conundrum'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-john-milton-conundrum.607684/

I do wonder how much of what is being unearthed is meaningful or just plain irrelevant; Easter Eggs; Player named or part of various other unrelated or retconned mysteries!

It’s pretty obvious that the early DW/PF missions pointed somewhere, as did the whole the Guardian narrative… before they got binned; how much has been left in situ, intentionally or with disregard; or repurposed with disregard to existing clues?

The Com Dev Arthur was adamant (in a recorded interview) when he started he knew little of previous content, which if not simply first day nerves paints for a rather messy collection of threads which may all be tangled together unintentionally?

I’ve just plotted McBurney's Point against Pandemonium and its way outside any close proximity to it or its potential alignment with a celestial sphere or the very prominent systems of Yggdrasil, which all fit nicely together…

Remember that ED is riddled with bugs, especially in relation to star positions!

Based upon this significant distance, and it’s obscure naming I can’t bring myself to believe it’s linked. Although I could be wrong!

Maybe that location needs to be mapped against that of Delphi. It’s possible (if linked) it could describe a new, but very large area of influence or it might identify a new Celestial North Pole?

But possibly it’s too big an area to project any relevance; again we have Norse myth, mixed with Milton and Greek mythology; some are directly and correctly named others are not; I wonder how much of this is intended or just coincidence!
Last edited: Dec 26, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, Edelgard von Rhein and John Stoutbeard