Louis Calvert
Dec 10, 2022
#28,384
Edelgard von Rhein said:
If any of the Nine Worlds of the World Tree look like good connections to the Generation Ship names that are good matches to the Toast, then we have something that confirms that they may be related, especially if it is more than one (which could easily be coincidental with all the mythological names).

From your previous post wherein there is the Michael Brookes quote about 'it being a path that everyone has to take', then (with due regard to an out-of-game source), that also seems like another indication that there is a journey through the Nine Worlds that then heads to Delphi for the final jump. (As Ompahlos Infotech was renamed, I am very wary about it being a clue - but it may reflect that we need to have sold data on the waypoints, or at least have visited them sequentially, as our ship systems know where we have been and visiting places in sequence could unlock something, thus this might be the mechanism behind a route as a password).

I'm starting to get a picture in my head that the Toast and other Codex sources are giving us clues to go to nine systems (not sure if in a particular order), then head to Delphi and activate the Thargoid Structure. Then, 'To Raxxla!'
Click to expand...
You think sort of like a big combination lock? I really like that

Hmmm, and the journal logs do record where we've been.

Do you think there needs to be some action to "lock that chevron" so to speak? I assume some of the possible locations are more than 1 jump apart so do you think ujust visting in the right order is enough?

Really like this idea - it's also something that could have been in the game since day 1 (no special stuff needed to visit systems in a particular order...)

Also that fits with the idea of maybe the original (removed) missions might have taken the player to the necessary locations, so they'd be sort of following the right path (maybe).

Compelling idea there Edelgard
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein