Rochester
Dec 11, 2022
#28,399
A secondary John Milton universe around Delphi

I’m no expert on Norse myth but the naming of these various locations don’t all originate in the same source material, namely to my limited knowledge there might be three prose, each describing certain stories etc involving certain entities, origins etc.

I won’t attempt to pretend I fully understand it, it being mythology of mixed origins, oral tradition; much of the contemporary understanding is just that ‘modern’ eg Western; there also may be some ‘arcane’ interpretation out there also so I can only go off what is in game…it could be that whoever programmed them in utilised a certain source material over another; or two or some mixture each or some poorly interpreted modernised version…

From my searches Svartálfar also known by Myrkálfar is the name given to an entity - not to my knowledge currently named in game; Svartálfaheimr is a location (Heimr meaning home) likewise this is not currently in game. To my knowledge..

My mapping of the Yggdrasil systems to date may indicate they are either named utilising their full correct Norse spellings, or a sub known anglicised version but not a shortened version.

Although a small number what might be shortened names do exist I can’t attest to their meaning nor correlation. Not without knowing how ED naming catalog works; I would presume those named correctly are hand placed, but those shortened are auto generated?

The only thing I can comprehend is that those systems with a Yggdrasil name are all tightly positioned within the bubble; the vast majority within a sphere of influence that matches the sphere of influence drawn by the Tau Ceti date 2296 (furthest discovered system at that date) and the location of Pandemonium; all in all a very weird coincidence!

Odins journey was to obtain knowledge, of the runes, those which held cosmological meaning to describe, well everything…the naming of things, fate, weather etc; these same runes - in game - also fit tightly within the Yggdrasil bubble (albeit one)…

What could the system Odins Wisdom or McBurney's point (both relatively close to each other) mean, other than draw some imaginary line 2/3rds from Sol or another unknown point?

I haven’t the foggiest.

Both are very far from this Yggdrasil bubble!? I can only presume it’s not linked to Delphi (the omphalos) simply because it was renamed relatively recently (in the context of ED game development history) so the potential context would historically, be meaningless - prior to the Codex, so the centre must be elsewhere.

If we draw a line between McBurney's point and Delphi they don’t line up with Odins Wisdom and Sol likewise doesn’t go through McBurney's point nor Odins Wisdom; the alignments to me don’t correlate…


*Image above shows the Yggdrasil systems (top) along with an imaginary celestial equator and pole drawn by Pandemonium; alongside a line between Delphi and McBurney's point; Odins Wisdom is also shown (bigger due to distance perspective).

In the above diagram, one system is relatively close (but not so directly, it being some lyrs off) is the system Fehu; this is a Rune, meaning Wealth. Shown in the image below from a different perspective, Fehu being in the centre of the image!



*edited:

So if we ignore Odins Wisdom for now, as it may / may not be relevant…McBurney's point represents 2/3rds from the navel, then that could identify Delphi is the axis. This is such a coincidence!

If true then we need to apply John Miltons measurements to assess the celestial north point, namely 3 radius from Delphi, this can be calculated from the placement of McBurney's point, or you just accept it as the Celestial South and just follow that pole along its trajectory!

If true it might fit an assumption that this might be a re-interpretation of the Pandemonium celestial pole, that maybe following the nerfed PF/DW missions, maybe, FD moved Raxxla, or it’s part of their narrative (meaning part of the ‘clues’ were missing until the Codex?

This ‘JM Mobile’ might still be relevant but now it centres around Delphi not Sol - it effectively is the same, a centre, a southern pole and a reference to Yggdrasil (Donars Oak).

Delphi is either a coded metaphor, directing us to the JM Mobile around Sol, or it’s a secondary JM Mobile, but now around Delphi… this might make more sense because of it’s close proximity to the Pleiades; which has a strong link to the works of HP Lovecraft!

I’m currently attempting to still map Milton’s Celestial north, in a stock Cobra (because it’s fun). Once that’s resolved I’m off to Delphi to apply the same logic!
Last edited: Dec 26, 2022
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, Louis Calvert and John Stoutbeard