Jorki Rasalas
Dec 11, 2022
#28,386
Edelgard von Rhein said:
Useful summary and write-up, thank you!
If not only the third line of The Dark Wheel toast is referring to Generation Ships and the names of those Generation Ships are places to visit, then there are places that might match in-game. Are all of the Generation Ship names also system names? I do not like the idea of all the waypoints I referred to in my last post (nine waypoints associated with The World Tree) being tied to Generation Ships but there are a couple here that stand out in addition to those you list at the end:
Epimetheus: siren of the deepest void.
Thetis: a match for both siren of the deepest void and the whisperer in witchspace but I prefer the whisperer interpretation. The sound is a whisper. You can listen to it on the audio logs - 21st Century humans are immune to its adverse effects!
Odysseus: as you said, a good case for a vagabond, though I don't know if the phrase is a clue to this Generation Ship specifically or to look at Generation Ships generally.

A separate point: for the Achlys it is indeed the computer itself that recorded the logs. Interesting that it was programmed to become an AI as a last resort emergency protocol but I do not see a link to Raxxla or the toast here.
Click to expand...
Mm, don't see how you get Siren for Epimetheus. He married Pandora who, at Zeus’ command Hephaestus molded “from earth the first woman, a "beautiful evil" whose descendants would torment the human race”, so she might be a siren but I cant see him for that role. What’s your reasoning there? (Edit: silly me, the siren sounding! The descriptions do seem to be aligning with the toast...)

Yes, the Achlys computer turning into an AI seems very suspicious to me given all the strictures around AI in the game lore. So is this perhaps a representation of the Serpent in the Garden of Eden? Seems like a hint to something, it’s too detailed not to be IMHO.

Another possibility is that there are references to planets which the gen ships targeted/missed/returned to....the journey might involve finding those?

If the toast is a set of clues to a journey we have to undertake then it is very inexact!

Edit: but what’s the first line equate to? Sol? (Galnet reference I’ve often pointed out in this marathon thread).

And I cant see any link to Spiralling Stars, unless the journey ends at one which is the Omphalos Rift leading to the Raxxla instance.
Last edited: Dec 11, 2022
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein and Rochester