Jorki Rasalas
Dec 11, 2022
#28,395
Edelgard von Rhein said:
The 1/3 part might have another meaning in this context:
The World Tree Yggdrasil is said to have three roots and beneath each of those roots is a well. One of the three is (apologies for punctuation) Mimisbrunnr and it is said to contain much wisdom and that Odin sacrificed one of his eyes to the well in exchange for a drink. Odin's Wisdom is one of the named systems in Blanco 1, which connects with this legend.
The connection with McBurney's Point might be saying that this is the first of the three roots that need to be explored.

The other two roots lead to Uroarbrunnr, where the well is tended by the three Norns: Uroar, Veroandi and Skuld (in-game names might be variations, such as Urd, Verdandi or Verthandi but I think Skuld is a system name) and Hvergelmir, which is located in Niflheim (Niflheimr and Niflhel are both system names) and is said to be where water from the antlers of a stag, Eikpyrnir, flow and the region is full of snakes and home to a dragon, Niohoggr.

To explore the roots or the the Nine Worlds... .

The Nine Worlds, as far as I have so far found (others have probably done a better job, so if you can remember a summary or search better than me)
Asgard ---> ingame system: Asgar
Vanaheim ---> ingame system: Vana?
Alfheim ---> Alfheim
Midgard ---> Midgard
Jotunheim ---> Jotunheim
Muspellheim ---> Muspelheim
Svartalfaheim ---> Svaratia? (Svara and Svari also system names)
Niflheim ---> Niflheimr (or Niflhel?)
Nioavellir ---> Nialfi?
EDIT: from someone who knows more about Norse mythology than me - and turned it into a Buckyball Racing Club event!:


Also, the tattoo on Michael Brookes' back - is this not something that represents a journey? Can features there be matched up with the mythological locations associated with the World Tree that have system names?

Maybe I have been thinking too much, now! I should take a break and come back to it fresh another day.
Click to expand...
Search back in this thread for “tattoo”. We had a lot of conversation and brainstorming about it and the journey it might represent. Lead investigator was Scytale
Reactions:
Rochester