Edelgard von Rhein
E
Dec 10, 2022
#28,382
Jorki Rasalas said:
Been pondering the generation ships hypothesis and checked mythology and other references for each plus wiki description.

Summary:
SPOILER: GENERATION SHIP PRECIS










































































































I think we can safely ignore the Golconda, it is too recent to be relevant, but a couple of themes strike me:

: Spear of Hope (Technician Farrow is homeless), Lazarus, Phanes (possibly), Phobos, Pleione (link to Odysseus via Calypso), Odysseus

Artemis, Lycaon

: Lazarus, Atlas

: Thetis

So, there are several possible route variations if the puzzle is to fly between the various generation ships equating to the lines of the Alleged Toast!
Click to expand...
Useful summary and write-up, thank you!
If not only the third line of The Dark Wheel toast is referring to Generation Ships and the names of those Generation Ships are places to visit, then there are places that might match in-game. Are all of the Generation Ship names also system names? I do not like the idea of all the waypoints I referred to in my last post (nine waypoints associated with The World Tree) being tied to Generation Ships but there are a couple here that stand out in addition to those you list at the end:
Epimetheus: siren of the deepest void.
Thetis: a match for both siren of the deepest void and the whisperer in witchspace but I prefer the whisperer interpretation. The sound is a whisper. You can listen to it on the audio logs - 21st Century humans are immune to its adverse effects!
Odysseus: as you said, a good case for a vagabond, though I don't know if the phrase is a clue to this Generation Ship specifically or to look at Generation Ships generally.

A separate point: for the Achlys it is indeed the computer itself that recorded the logs. Interesting that it was programmed to become an AI as a last resort emergency protocol but I do not see a link to Raxxla or the toast here.
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and Louis Calvert