Edelgard von Rhein
E
Dec 11, 2022
#28,394
Rochester said:
Mmm

McBurneys Point; 2:3rds interesting…

McBurney's point the point over the right side of the abdomen that is one-third of the distance from the anterior superior iliac spine to the umbilicus (navel) (Omphalos).

It should be noted that in Paradise Lost (one of M Brookes favourite stories) John Milton when describing his model universe literally identifies the location of the Hells gate in relation to Heavens gate, being that of three semi-diameters of the great Crystalline Sphere.

‘’.

The potential implications of a system reflecting upon 3rds - particularly within this area I find very intriguing!

Thread 'The John Milton conundrum'


I do wonder how much of what is being unearthed is irrelevant; Easter Eggs; Player named or part of various other or retconned mysteries!

It’s pretty obvious that the early DW/PF missions pointed somewhere, as did the whole the Guardian narrative… how much has been left in situ, intentionally or with disregard; or repurposed with disregard to existing clues?

The Com Dev Arthur was adamant (in a recorded interview) when he started he knew little of previous content, which if not simply first day nerves paints for a rather messy collection of threads which may all be tangled together unintentionally?

I’ve just plotted againstand its way outside any close proximity to it or its potential alignment with a celestial sphere or the very prominent systems of Yggdrasil. Based upon this significant distance, and it’s obscure naming I can’t bring myself to believe it’s linked. Although I could be wrong!

Maybe that location needs to be mapped against that of Delphi. It’s possible (if linked) it could describe a very large area of influence? But possibly it’s too big an area?
Click to expand...
The 1/3 part might have another meaning in this context:
The World Tree Yggdrasil is said to have three roots and beneath each of those roots is a well. One of the three is (apologies for punctuation) Mimisbrunnr and it is said to contain much wisdom and that Odin sacrificed one of his eyes to the well in exchange for a drink. Odin's Wisdom is one of the named systems in Blanco 1, which connects with this legend.
The connection with McBurney's Point might be saying that this is the first of the three roots that need to be explored.

The other two roots lead to Uroarbrunnr, where the well is tended by the three Norns: Uroar, Veroandi and Skuld (in-game names might be variations, such as Urd, Verdandi or Verthandi but I think Skuld is a system name) and Hvergelmir, which is located in Niflheim (Niflheimr and Niflhel are both system names) and is said to be where water from the antlers of a stag, Eikpyrnir, flow and the region is full of snakes and home to a dragon, Niohoggr.

To explore the roots or the the Nine Worlds... .

The Nine Worlds, as far as I have so far found (others have probably done a better job, so if you can remember a summary or search better than me)
Asgard ---> ingame system: Asgar
Vanaheim ---> ingame system: Vana?
Alfheim ---> Alfheim
Midgard ---> Midgard
Jotunheim ---> Jotunheim
Muspellheim ---> Muspelheim
Svartalfaheim ---> Svaratia? (Svara and Svari also system names)
Niflheim ---> Niflheimr (or Niflhel?)
Nioavellir ---> Nialfi?
EDIT: from someone who knows more about Norse mythology than me - and turned it into a Buckyball Racing Club event!:
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threa...presents-yggdrasil-21-29-october-3303.385280/

Also, the tattoo on Michael Brookes' back - is this not something that represents a journey? Can features there be matched up with the mythological locations associated with the World Tree that have system names?

Maybe I have been thinking too much, now! I should take a break and come back to it fresh another day.
Last edited: Dec 11, 2022
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and Rochester