Thatchinho
Dec 11, 2022
#28,391
Louis Calvert said:
The issue I'm having with the Gen ship idea - and this is purely from my need to make Raxxla "fit in the narrative" rather that exist as a meta-puzzle is: how would the Dark Wheel toast include the Generation ships that hadn't been discovered yet?

Are we assuming here that the Dark Wheel discovered the Generations ships at some point in the past and built a complex set of crypic cues around them? If so, then their locations may not actually matter since some of them are still moving - maybe where they were when DW found them isn't where they are now, etc.

Or are we saying here that the Raxxla Codex doesn't need to make sense in-game and we should treat it as a meta-clue that doesn't need to be grounded in the game reality itself? (I don't like that idea lol)

We've also previously discussed whether the Dark Wheel know where Raxxla is?

If the Dark Wheel are still searching for Raxxla (as is implied in the Codex) then the Toast doesn't lead to Raxxla - it maybe something more like a vague hope or a sort of "this is what we've got" set of info, in which case the fact that it doesn't seem to lead anywhere and seems like it can be applied to many different things sort of make sense. The Toast may actually have a solution.

... I suppose I'm not convinced that the Gen ships have anything to do with it just because there's some connections in some of the logs - because there's connections elsewhere (like the Formidine Rift expedition, maybe Haley, maybe Jaques, the omphalos-delphi-pleiades connections). There's actually too many things that do match parts of the Toast and parts of the Codex...

I suppose like you were saying earlier, I feel like we need something that really strongly indicates the Gen ships are involved. For example... has anyone suggested how the first line of the Toast relates to gen ships?

"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! "

Really don't want to be a downer, just trying to ground this in solid research
Click to expand...
As far as I’m aware, most generation ships that are still in flight aren’t lost. Their locations are specifically concealed from the public to protect the Generation Ships and their residents.

So it’s entirely viable that the Dark Wheel would know where Generation Ships are.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, Jorki Rasalas and Edelgard von Rhein