John Stoutbeard
Dec 11, 2022
#28,393
Rochester said:
Mmm

McBurneys Point; 2:3rds interesting…

McBurney's point the point over the right side of the abdomen that is one-third of the distance from the anterior superior iliac spine to the umbilicus (navel) (Omphalos).

It should be noted that in Paradise Lost (one of M Brookes favourite stories) John Milton when describing his model universe literally identifies the location of the Hells gate in relation to Heavens gate, being that of three semi-diameters of the great Crystalline Sphere.

‘’.

The potential implications of a system reflecting upon 3rds - particularly within this area I find very intriguing!

Thread 'The John Milton conundrum'


I do wonder how much of what is being unearthed is irrelevant; Easter Eggs; Player named or part of various other or retconned mysteries!

It’s pretty obvious that the early DW/PF missions pointed somewhere, as did the whole the Guardian narrative… how much has been left in situ m, intentionally or with disregard; or repurposed with disregard to existing clues?

Arthur was adamant we he started he knew little of previous content, which if not simply first day nerves paints for a rather messy collection of threads which may all be tangled together unintentionally?
Click to expand...
Tend to agree, it's unclear what relevance any of this has to do with what. Easter Eggs, Raxxla or even Kickstarter Backers being granted their wishes.
Anyway, I'll dump the quote (go to the original posts for pretty tables) from the plotting thread that was listing a few of the distances.
The distances themselves can be interesting to keep in mind for later if you try to pick a direction and use your legs.
- it's ranging from 1100Ly to 1700Ly, most often in the ballpark of ~1300Ly.


Saool said:
I suppose I should finish off this small exploration story. If only to help the next Commander who ponders the mysteries of the Blanco 1 Cluster.

I did explore more systems down in and around the SWOIWNS Sector but found nothing of note. But I then wondered if I was over thinking things, and if McBurney's Point was 1/3 or 2/3 the distance between one of the other named systems and an unknown point of interest?

I jumped back into excel, the Galactic Mapping Project site, the Nearest System site and GeoGebra and plotted all the nearest systems, on lines from the other named systems in the Blanco 1 Cluster, through McBurney's Point, and where McBurney's point was both 1/3 of the overall distance and 2/3 the overall distance. This was my data:



This was the new data then plotted in GeoGebra:

G1, G2, O1, O2, Z1 and Z2 were where the maths said the ideal system would be. You can then see the actual closest systems to those points.



But again, after exploring those systems, and a good few others in this part of the cluster, I found nothing noteworthy.

So now that itch is scratched. I don't know why those systems are so named, but I am happy I have tried to explore McBurney's point being a clue to finding something. Even if I came away empty handed.
Click to expand...
Last edited: Dec 11, 2022
Reactions:
Rochester and Edelgard von Rhein