Edelgard von Rhein
E
Dec 10, 2022
#28,383
Louis Calvert said:
Nice More eyes = better! If you have anything you'd like more eyes on inspecting let me know, I'm happy to take a field trip

I'm not sure Tau Ceti is important in itself. I think it's establishing a timeline, and also 'Cora is "Persephone" in ancient Greek myth...

Always Greek myth innit

@Rochester has done loads of really interesting work on the Yggdrasil angle (and much more). Sorry Rochester I can't find your post to link. We speculated maybe the leads from there led also to Delphi to consolidate the clues togeher, maybe, or maybe the clues led from Delphi into Rochester's area of study... inconclusive. More minds on that the better

EDIT: Ah, , which includes Rochester's link too:

o7
Click to expand...
If any of the Nine Worlds of the World Tree look like good connections to the Generation Ship names that are good matches to the Toast, then we have something that confirms that they may be related, especially if it is more than one (which could easily be coincidental with all the mythological names).

From your previous post wherein there is the Michael Brookes quote about 'it being a path that everyone has to take', then (with due regard to an out-of-game source), that also seems like another indication that there is a journey through the Nine Worlds that then heads to Delphi for the final jump. (As Ompahlos Infotech was renamed, I am very wary about it being a clue - but it may reflect that we need to have sold data on the waypoints, or at least have visited them sequentially, as our ship systems know where we have been and visiting places in sequence could unlock something, thus this might be the mechanism behind a route as a password).

I'm starting to get a picture in my head that the Toast and other Codex sources are giving us clues to go to nine systems (not sure if in a particular order), then head to Delphi and activate the Thargoid Structure. Then, 'To Raxxla!'
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and Louis Calvert