Thatchinho
Jul 25, 2019
#9,765
CMDR Maylor Rom said:
Here is a thought. Canonn, a group and website team have built a tool as a plug-in for EDMC which will send you on searches to planets looking for the Thagroid home world, or to discover possible Thagroid sites which have yet to be discovered.

Yet, no one has created a plug-in for EDMC for the search of Raxxla. Some like "bluecrash" have websites dedicated to sifting through rumors, story lines, theories and lore, but unless you are personally interested in this search and go hunting on your own, with some theory you believe in, there is no co-ordination between those who search possibly because we have no centralized search plan, or tool or add-in for the game which can co-ordinate any efforts made by individual searchers.

I'm not saying there is no website for gathering or disseminating information on the search but there is no one person or agency directing such a search.

If we had a tool or plug-in like the one which exists for Canonn and the search for the Thagroids, this tool or plug-in could be tied to some database which catalogs planets and locations which have been searched and suggest planets and locations which should be searched based on different theories of lore or story lines.

To date, the only thing we have as evidence of Raxxla's existence are statements by DB and Michael Brooks. Other than this, there is no community organization or data collection to examine or catalog of places searched, or theories and lore explored.

So, until we get organized and start eliminating possibilities or following up on story line and lore in some coordinated effort, it will be some noob or newbie who will eventually stumble upon it by accident. The only other solution here is that it is locked by permit somewhere or Fdev has not put it in the game yet, or never will and it's all been a hoax by Frontier.

o7....
Click to expand...
It's like this thread doesn't exist...
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, AOpsyche, Jorki Rasalas and 2 others