sam23694
S
Jul 25, 2019
#9,773
The more I read about Raxxla, in this thread and elsewhere, it seems more and more obvious to me that we missed the boat when it comes to the Quest for Raxxla. The Dark Wheel quests that are no longer on offer, the SAP 8 containers rumored to be part of an abandoned quest line. From what I understand about game development it looks as if the search for Raxxla was once a potential storyline the game could have developed, and instead they shifted focus to the Guardians and Thargoids. Nobody at FDev will ever come forward to tell us to stop looking because that would be admitting there is no mystery or intrigue in the billion star system galaxy.

In game development there is a certain way to integrate story with gameplay, just by playing the game and dedicating more time then the average player you can discover the features hidden by the devs, the core logic or specific conditions that provides an avenue to discover the mysteries. When I first joined the search for Raxxla there was a lot of gameplay I had no experienced with, and so there were potential avenues to possibly pursue Raxxla. Now I feel like I have exhausted every avenue of gameplay with Elite, and there is literally nothing to suggest the game is even built to handle whatever Raxxla was supposed to be. It's either just a brute force search, some kind of hidden moon logic feature that we haven't stumbled on yet, or a half finished plot line inside a permit locked bubble.

In my humble opinion, the Raxxla ship has sailed, FDev abandoned the questline to work on more "mainstream" gameplay when the playerbase decreased, and the entries in the codex are not new hints for the search but just concrete proof that Raxxla has been shelved as "lore". The codex mentions that people continue to search for it, they gave us a shout out, but aside from that it's all just flavor text. The only thing I see between the lines in the codex is "Raxxla is just lore, please stop looking for it".

Despite that (and this might be my first symptom of space madness), as others have said earlier, we need to come up with a new approach, a joint brainstorm that collates what we know at a more detailed level then anything previously. We need to squeeze everything we know about Raxxla until we find just one piece of hard evidence that Raxxla is in the game. We can't continue to search based on what devs tell us, the game needs to provide a verifiable hint that there is something to find.
Reactions:
Scytale