Merlin StWahgwaan
May 24, 2020
#16,682
PeteACarter said:
Not wanting to speak for @Filthymick420 but after you have been around this thread a while you get quite used to hoaxes and trolls with not a lot to backup their claims. I suspect Mick's comments were a lot more to do with this, than jealousy lol.

I dont doubt that, but I've been following this thread myself for a long time, I only just this week finally got to the point of siging in and making my presence known, but I've been following it since I started playing ED basically, becuase my friend turned me onto the game and told me about a place that doesnt exist, and thats what made me by ED for both Xbox and PC, and I've never come accross somthing that would make me that jaded to a screenshot of a possiblility....

Now that said, this pic was posted months ago, and there are bascially no mentions of it anywhere, I cant even find a reference to it in this thread before I posted it, not there isnt one, I just cant find it.
To just go balistic and say its a fake because in YOUR opinion, the font doesnt match or the size of the object is wrong, seems like jealousy more than annoyance with hoaxes, feel like he doesnt care if someone found it becuase it wasnt him so he will pull at straws to discount its validity. Is there even any ACTUAL proof the font is not correct? other than just saying so?

Im not claiming its real either, dont mis-understand, but to just immediately call it a Hoax seems a bit far streched because as I said, the font and size dont have anything to compare too.
There is NOTHING that says Raxxla will be displayed the same as any other object.
There is NOTHING that says its not a moon/planet or that its not huge like a star, or bigger.

We only have speculation and assumptions.
If someone doesnt have DIFINITIVE evidence to PROVE its fake, like evidence of the photo being manipulated, such as tearing or improper shading/alignement/pixel locations. Than I would not be so fast to jump the gun and tell people its a fake and to ignore it. That said, I have Adobe Photoshop, and I've been over this picture a little bit, and I dont see any obvious evidence of manipulation, no blurred pixels outside of the blurred area, there is no blending around the object, its clear and defined, as it would be if it was a real screen shot, and the glow on the text of Raxxla is uniform and character spacing is correct, it doesnt appear that the letters were cut and pasted or anything.

So unless someone can show me difinitive proof thats its been edited, I'm leaning more towards it could possibly be real, small possibility, as Im always sceptical of any one who posts their proof in such an obscure location and didnt link it to a main thread location, it should have been posted here or another frontier forum, but that doesnt mean its not real either.
Reactions:
XYZ