Rochester
May 25, 2020
#16,699
Hi guys, not wanting to add fuel to the already inpolite language around this subject, and yes please lets all try and be civil, but whilst I'm currently out of the game for a while, I had some time to spare and decided to look into the 'that' image again.

My origianl assessment was based off a very poor mobile screen grab, but I've since loaded it up into my 4k plasma and Photoshop.

The Quest To Find Raxxla
The name of the target in the blurred panel seems too long Image forensics also returned some blurry artifacts over the target: But the cockpit also got this blurred effect around it: Not sure what it worth... Also the user don't have any other pictures posted on imgur and seems to have...
forums.frontier.co.uk

To give some back ground info, I do work in the field of 'information interogation' and trained in fine art / film making and digital manipulation. There are many ways to manipulate such an image and a lot of ways to un-mask certain effects, but there are a few simple ways to mask editing by 100% if you know what you are doing.

Normally the only way to tell if an image has been fiddled with is if the creator is poor at hiding their tracks, or to manipulate the colours etc, to look for patterns etc and also crack the meta-data (which I cant do out of the office). Anyhoo going off what meta data is available it looks to have been scrubbed, which is probably the hosts platforms normal practise.

The text at the bottom left had been smudged, in my opion, not blurred as blurring can be undone, I cant un-smudge it outside the office, but if you flip the contrast, volume, and colours etc there is a few letters visible, but nothing can be obtianied from it, personally I think they applied a mobile smudge effect over the top of the original image, as its just mostly noise. If it were me, I would also flatten and screen grab the image a few times too to hide any history.

The image in the centre, I cant see any tells, e.g. replication, patterns etc and there seems to be a natural glow in the backdrop (under false colours) which fits and disipates with the rest of the image, if it is edited then its a good edit, but again its easy to do.


This is the best quality image I can get of the centre of the picture (shown here in B/W for better detail), its sperical, brownish with golden lines converging, it has a reflective surface indicating either an object or an astronomical body, the pattern also seems to match the holo display.

To reiterate my initial assessment my personal opinion was that it was balderdash. And I stand with that still as its still a singular peice of information, nothing to support it.

Such information, as is submitted here, can be best described as 'unreliable' and the source is certainly 'unknown', on its own and using scientific principles it cant be supported on that basis alone.

If you follow the standards for attributing confidence to investigative intelligence, information only becomes reliable once it can be said at best to be 'known directly' or 'indirectly but corroborated'. Anything lower is untested or unreliable.

I would just go hmmmm probably not, but maybe, who-knows?
Last edited: May 25, 2020
Reactions:
Rick6549, [PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Ravenl0ft and 5 others