GURU-951
Dec 22, 2019
#14,293
CMDR Zulu said:
I know that lately the belief here has been to the contrary of this but I really think that the clues are all deeply ingrained in Galnet.

Take the Persephone System for example as @GURU-951 mentioned: Persephone aka Kore and Avalon have been mentioned so many times. There has to be a reason for it. In a galaxy of billions of systems why is this one mentioned so much?
Here’s an example: Persephone and Lombardelli’s Legacy are mentioned in; A) The Quivira War B) Elite Reclamation C) Alfred Jefress Treasure Hunt D) Salomes Ship is modified there E) Rebecca’s Clues F) And Alluded to with “Cora” in The Codex. G) It’s also the name Fdev gave to a planet in Sol H) It might be Also be hinted at with “Spectacular Nemesis” in the Phekda Music Festival.

With so many other options why does it always seem to be mentioned if it’s not involved with or hinting at something larger?
2-3 times is coincidental. 8 times at least with multiple relations to Avalon (mythical good place), The Summerlands(mythical good place), Quivira (One of 7 Legendary Cities of Gold in Spanish exploration), and Zion(holy place), seems to be more than happy coincidence, at least to me.

Michael Brookes agreed with DJ Truthsayer that there would be no hints BUT he also said you have to make it a tiny bit obvious. Going back through these articles it’s becoming obvious to me at least that something is being subtly hinted at to do with Persephone.

Drew said to read up on Galnet and lore back in the day (and is organizing a lore tour currently). That’s how I’m going to continue to approach this thing.
Click to expand...

I'll just add that if you fail to understand metaphors, or how to see metaphorically, good luck. (Almost laughing hysterically at this failure by many.) The codex's are founded in metaphors. Sadly the majority of the world appears to be blind, metaphorically speaking.
Last edited: Dec 22, 2019
Reactions:
Rochester, ArchEmperor, Vetinari and 3 others