Emperor
Jan 3, 2024
#32,839
if any of you have not been keeping up with Drew he's been helping a visit out to the Formidine rift and retelling the story and providing some foot notes that might be interesting on what happened as the Salome story unfolded and how he worked in secret with MB on the early parts of the story even before the game was released while the galaxy was being built by MB... "Michael Brookes didn’t want the rest of fdev to know about it either as he thought it might get stopped, so it was a bit of a secret pact!"

Ninja's Salomé and the Formidine Rift Expedition
jonbaker.me

(Drew is also back talking about Elite Dangerous.... "Drew Wagar's twitch stream will be running weekly from the 11th of January 2024 at 8pm UTC/GMT.")

Here's his advert...
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZaLzwq9nRs


Anyway some of the footnotes from the Formidine rift site in the spoiler below give a flavour of the types of clues, game changes that MB and Drew discussed and put in place... as well as some of the issues and fails by FD...lol

And perhaps the saddest footnote:
"We were all set to continue this story, but MB was moved to Jurassic Park in 2017 and after that the Oresrian/Thargoid war story and various other bits of lore were stopped or retconned. It would have been fun…"

The "Greek Mythology" page I found interesting based on this comment and how MB worked his clues...
"There’s a lot of Greek mythology and astronomy in Drew’s clues and work. The Thargoid story (by the late, great Michael Brookes) was mostly codes and cyphers, very maths and science. Drew wanted a different route that was more accessible for more players. General knowledge, language puzzles and lateral thinking."


You'll need to read the site for the full context (and how vague/hard it was!), but as I mentioned perhaps a little insight in to the puzzle creation process of MB which is relevant here...

SPOILER

































Reactions:
CMDR W3L5H DR4G0N, Adel, El Saico and 5 others