RaNaketh
May 17, 2019
#8,122
Macros Black said:
OLT3 status update:

In the 30 inhabited systems within 20Ly of Shinrarta Dezhra there's 162 factions. I'm now allied with 54 factions that has been given beneficiary missions by TDW. 82 of the 162 have been given non-beneficiary missions by TDW. There's a small overlap of factions given both kind of missions, giving the impression that TDW's not really knowing what they're doing.

That leaves me about 30 more factions I potentially need to be Allied with. Still a fair amount of work, fortunately I don't start from scratch (Neutral) with all of them, since I've been spending credits on donation missions every time I've seen one for factions I'm not yet allied with.

Haven't seen much to Eravarenth, but I'm pretty that TDW have zero love for Nuenets Blue Crew.
Click to expand...

Nice work Macros.

I'm just about to complete my latest update for TDW missions and factions as seen from Shinrarta, and as an aside I've also been looking at the passenger missions they're handing out too to see if there is anything in the data there that might be useful.

Anecdotally, it appears TDW missions for supply of equipment (Evacuation Shelters, Performance Enhancers, Agri-Medicines, Reactive Armour, Survival Equipment, and other similar supplies) are the only ones that are Recommended Rank = Founder or Elite (Black Logo). There is also a definite bias towards Allegiance = Federation (and one or two Independents, one of which is a Player Faction 'Elite Space Rangers' so I have a few doubts about that one being legit).

All the other missions, are varied in ranks, Elite (Green - Exploration?), Elite (Gold - Combat?), Elite (Black - Trade?) or lower. I assume those colours are correct for the logos / rank types, but if someone can confirm my understanding about them that'd be great?

The negative missions for the same factions they're 'helping' with the supply of equipment all seem to be targeting a Pirate for Assassination.

I need more data for accuracy, but it 'seems' that missions to factions with Rank = Founder or Elite might be a good focus, and where I'm concentrating my limited in-game time.

Fly Dangerous.
/Ra

Edit: I've noted the Blue Hand Gang has the facial tattoos that Guru has been on the lookout for, I'll check the NBC when I see one next.
Last edited: May 17, 2019
Reactions:
Midian Cabal and Macros Black