Cunder
C
Feb 15, 2021
#21,122
Looking at the info on Galcop (Galatic Cooperative) they seem to follow in the same values as The Dark Wheel maybe they are more hidden then we thought or changed names. Galcop didn't care much for the Feds or the Imp, they were more about cooperation with other pilots, much like how Salome envisioned when gathering each pilot to follow her. She could careless about any powers that be, and only wanted the cooperation of the pilots not the Feds, Imps, or Alliance they weren't to be trusted from the start. I'm not calling Galcop, The Dark Wheel only they have some similar ideas. But they formed there own economy separated from the other powers.

Though the wiki says quite a few things I don't know how much is true but one thing points out to what Davanix link that picture, Galcop were the soul creators of the Coriolis Stations which were prominently used for a lot of the populated systems we have now.

Now my theory on this is the fact that since the state of Galcop was diminished overtime from the public eyes. They had most likely formed under another guised named or a name that isn't seen or can be found again much like The Dark Wheel. By chance they probably took measures not to be detected cause if it happen this would usher a quick response of action by the Govern bodies of each faction probably most likely be orchestrated by The Club. They most likely know the influences that had gotten taken a hold of everyone (Us the pilots). Which is why Solame wants an act of protest to go against the cog that was placed.

Based on the wiki Galcop played a big part in the war against the Thargoids, capturing, studying, and experimenting on them. But after the Thargoid war the alliance had been broken and Galcop wasn't needed anymore. I wouldn't be to surprised Galcop collected this information as well, the only question is what kind of info did they gather before everything just ceased to exist in that era Galcop included.

My other Theory is Galcop may have been absorbed or joined the The Dark Wheel having a elite pilots with dangerous information that could effect the balance of power. The only thing keeping them from enacting on it is based on the population of the bubble more pilots are needed to push forward with the plan and most likely the resources. This is were Raxxla follows into play as being the pinnacle target they need to obtain to perfect their ascension upon the corrupt powers.

Wiki says that Galcop owned many worlds as to how true it is I cannot say but it fits with possible station or stations hidden away out in bubble or galaxies as again they were never involved with or kept there distance away from integrating with Feds, Imps, Alliance, so on and so forth.

It's possible the Thargoids know where Raxxla is but the issue with communicational differences Galcop hasn't figured out the complete translation of systems or language.
Last edited: Feb 15, 2021