Louis Calvert
Nov 14, 2023
#31,993
Emperor said:
Did the Guardians discover Thargoid tech like Barnacles and meta alloys, etc and get the space flight advancement from them?

Is that why some of their tech is sort of compatible with Thargoid tech? (Grellics)
According to what we know, the Guardians were an already established spacefaring race with advanced FTL tech by the time the Thargoids started the war. It's suggested (though not explicitly stated) that the Guardians did discover Barnacles (much as we did), but it's unclear if they used them, and it's explicitly clear they already had FTL before expanding past their home system.
Emperor said:
Nebulas mentioned again.... Just a thought

Nebulae?
What's weird about this, now @Emperor pointed out nebula and it made me think about it... (and I think your point about Nebulae being related to the Toast is possible too )

We know that Thargoids seed Barnacles almost entirely in nebula systems (Witch Head, Pleiades, California, etc). AFAIK none/few have been found outside nebulas (correct me if I'm wrong).

The lore clearly states:

This data details the start of the conﬂict between the Guardians and the Thargoids. Several thousand years after they seeded planets in Guardian space with barnacles. the Thargoids returned. Of course, they discovered that the planets they had seeded were now occupied by the Guardians! The Thargoids immediately launched an assault. making no effort to communicate with the Guardians, which tallies with the Thargoids’ behaviour in human space.

But - There 'ain't no major Nebulae in (or near) Guardian space (assuming Guardian space here is referring to the Regor sector and immediately surrounding areas)?

There are Guardian ruins in some of the far-flung nebulae (for some reason), but could this imply that "Guardian Space" isn't where we think it is? The nebulae around Barnard's Loop are the obvious candidates since we know there's at least one Tharg-Guardian battleground there - and there's tons of Tharogid activity generally in that part of the Galaxy.

If so, it's odd that the 'current' Guardian ruins are so coherently isolated around the Regor sector - unless they had many expansion regions around colony sites, like we have an expansion region around Colonia.... Given time Colonia will grow to to further resemble the bubble...

Could this imply that, maybe, the Regor sector isn't the homeworld-sector at all? Maybe that's only their version of Colonia, explaining why it's so small (as per my earlier speculations about why the Guardian bubble is so small given how much time they had). If their actual origin point was (for example) inside the Col 70 permit locked area, then there might be a LOT more Guardian sites than we ever thought.

Ram Tah: "Hidden Ruins How extraordinary! This log suggests there are many more Guardian sites out there, waiting to be uncovered. And I mean hundreds…perhaps even thousands. Unfortunately, some of the data in this record has degraded. If there was a map inside this log, it has been lost. Who knows what remarkable knowledge might be hidden in these alien ruins? the more of the Guardians’ extraordinary technology we uncover, the greater the potential impact on our own technology."

Maybe that's actually what Melville meant, and why the Cete was positioned on the opposite side of the Regor sector, like they'd gone past/through it and were heading elsewhere?

The Cete: [Melville] keeps reciting the same little speech: “Xeno-achaeology has moved on. The days of exploring the outer reaches, only occasionally finding something of value, are behind us. I have found the key.” Melville scoffed when he heard the news [about Ram Tah's discoveries]. “Scraps from an amateur,” he said. “We’ll find the reaI secrets. Trust me.”

"Melville thinks there could be hundreds of sites out there. His hypothesis is that the Guardians occupied an area of space similar in size to that currently inhabited by humans, but that for some reason they were forced to migrate. He believes he can find that region of space and the Guardians’ point of origin.

The Guardians could well have had a huge civilisation, with hundreds of sites – maybe thousands – in this part of space."

He also thinks Guardians were dominant species in this region of space. But he’s not content with this discovery.
The above quotes from the Cete seem to ignore that they're in the vicinity of the Regor Sector and are in the most-densely packed part of Guardian Space - what else could Melville have been looking for? Why would he want to 'keep going'? Where to? The Cete expedition took place in 3303, which was when the first ruins were being discovered, the implication is that Melville found the Guardian Sites before anyone else, by following some mysterious lead:

He claims to have information that will help us find more sites, but he’s keeping it close to his chest.

If Raxxla and Guardians are related, and if this idea is even semi-accurate, could Melville have been following a similar thread to the hunt for Raxxla? Where did he get this mysterious info from? It seems to suggest he knew at least roughly what the look for?

Thoughts?
Reactions:
Ian Doncaster, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, El Saico and 1 other person