Mecrutio
M
Jan 20, 2024
#33,055
I've narrowed down the location of the Landscape signal.
I took the Neutron Highway to the Galactic Center and joined up the Canonn Research team for a list of 10 systems. I made it thru 3 when I noticed that I was jumping everywhere with no real path, just the next system in the list provided. So I scrapped that and just pointed Beef (Asp Exp.) to where I thought the sound was originating. Next, I went thu the list of closest systems that lined up the closest to where Beef was pointing. Jumped, rinse and repeat. FINALLY, the sound origin flipped 180. I bookmarked the two systems and chose the best matching pair of stars that made a travel line perpendicular to the orignal 2. This line was not perfect as it is closer to one star than the other and the travel line does not intersect the original line, but it is close enough.
FSS, DSS all 4 systems which have been discovered before me. No need to map planets as they have been mapped before and no outstanding hits. ( at least none that I found in my research. ) In each system I again pointed beef to the signal origin and found that the signal does favor one of the 4. It's from here that I launched into the unknown vastness of subspace. (I select the main star as a distance marker)
Currently .80ly from system origin. I stop every .05ly to listen and adjust course according to sound origin. I do feel that this "jumping off point" is correct as my course is going further away from the other 3 marked systems. At .20, .50 and .70ly minor course corrections were made. Hopefully sooner rather than later, the signal origin will again, 180. As a side note, shipboard sensors are next to useless at the speed being traveled. I did think I heard 2 hits on the info panel, but I was distracted both times.
I ask for forgiveness for not being precise about what 4 systems I am using. Hopefully if one is inclined they can follow the above description and match my results.
Reactions:
Vasquess, Quaero and Louis Calvert