Jorki Rasalas
Jul 30, 2022
#26,540
Emperor said:
View attachment 315917

Did I read it wrong or did I just visit after you guys?

Discord - Group Chat That’s All Fun & Games
Discord is great for playing games and chilling with friends, or even building a worldwide community. Customize your own space to talk, play, and hang out.

And if you follow the link here is his Dark Wheel Squadron...





And I don't see anyone disagreeing with him....
Click to expand...

Mmm, I haven't caught up with that server since yesterday morning, but I think you’re misunderstanding some things there. IIRC Guru apparently had some form of mental health crisis a year or so ago and made several odd claims....he did later own up to that and I think that is the topic of the previous post (though I haven’t read it) he refers to in your pic. Thankfully he seems to be fully recovered now.

[edit: I am currently reading some previous posts in IRH. The DW invitation that Guru received (which @Emperor refers to above) and showed a screenshot of on 12/1/21 in the IRH #raxxla-general-chat channel, is an invitation to Scolio’s DW Squadron, which is player-controlled and has nothing to do with FD’s TDW in-game!! (Unless Scolio is an FD undercover agent? )]

Guru doesn't own the Dark Wheel Squadron. ScolioTheMost set it up and Inara shows him as the commander; See https://inara.cz/squadron/7105/. IRH is also Scolio’s discord.

I can’t see that Guru is the subject of the claims I reported. I only reported those posts because @Rochester has had some discussion with FD support and their response seemed to imply that the codex TDW is fluff, or at least not currently in-game (perhaps their storyline hasn’t yet been started, either by FD or players), so I thought he might be interested in those claims. This might, of course, indicate that FD have internal secrets and the people responding to Rochester weren’t in on it, or were obfuscating....

As far as I can see the matter is likely to be a dead end.

Though as I said previously, the codex states that TDW has existed since the earliest days of space travel, implying the old worlds is where to look for them. The hidden TDW station (if it is not just fluff) should therefore also be in that area since such old stations would not have had the technology to travel very far, but would have been useful in early colonisation attempts. @djadjok might have something to say about Tip Off missions in those areas. They might have been introduced during the FD revamp of the mission system (IIRC around version 2.2?), & might conceivably have included a portion of missions relating to TDW to replace the original Elite Shinrarta missions that were deleted around then. I think Djadjok said not all TO missions had been uncovered, but I’m a bit hazy; certainly DB said a while ago he knew not all missions had been found. If you want a break from hunting Raxxla you might want to check it out; I’m not convinced TDW know anything about Raxxla so if they exist in-game it might be more fluff. one of the books, and I think the codex, say TDW never found Raxxla.

Edit: while walking the copawlot my breakfast coffee started to take effect and I recollected that in Premonition Drew Wagar had Luko say that TDW HQ used to be in Tionisla. I seem to remember that I interpreted that as referring to Rebecca’s ship being interred in the orbiting graveyard, which of course is not in-game. However it might have been a genuine hint ... I’d suggest allying to all factions in Tionisla and doing all TO missions presented to see if anything comes of it. I’m afraid with my hands I dont think I can do that sort of concentrated play any more. Im struggling trying to drop into a comet!

After much messing about I have repaired my ship (PC) and may get chance to fly a little tomorrow (if today’s hangover isn’t too bad!). I replaced the psu but that still didn't correct the fault. Turned out to be two ram modules that have gone down & prevent the machine from booting.
Last edited: Jul 30, 2022
Reactions:
Ataxia and Rochester