Rochester
Jul 29, 2022
#26,530
Ataxia said:
In their defense...

Everything pretty much points to 'follow the missions'

So I will ve further looking into this, I mean c'mon what else can you call those 'tips' except story mode missions.

Has anyone completed them all?
Not denying anyones suggestions, anything is plausible, we know nothing; my post was in reaction to the ‘I have a secret but I’m not telling’ sentiment presented.

However which missions are we discussing?

If it is the tip off missions via the mysterious stranger! I hazard a guess, from the information provided on these forums that said tip offs are auto generated in every system and are not specific to any particular faction, but all factions where the Cmdr becomes aligned.

I agree the missions ought to be the most logical step to take, but these tip offs occur everywhere to everyone. It would be more logical to lock an invite to Elite status and potentially one particular system.

I agree they do fall into the bit obvious category and whence next I engage with missions I’ll give them a go, but the majority of Cmdrs seem to report nothing in particular occurs with these or they are bugged.

Following the missions as stated by David Braben is a hang over from the older method of play which I highly suspect has been obliterated through various updates. You then have to ask ‘which missions’?

I recently obtained a secondary account and tried to resign my intent and only ‘follow’ the missions, in respect of generic station missions. Generally they lead nowhere and just took me a few light year hither and thither with no alliance progress or they forced me into combat and illegal activity, which I wasn’t interested in pursuing.

I presume if this function was in game then it likely ought to be ‘everywhere’ as every Cmdr has already received the invite, it’s in your training manual…so the logical assumption is it’s those tip off missions, which only kick in after you become aligned, and if we interpret the DW correctly the DW is literally everywhere and they could be anybody, and will never reveal themselves ever…

Which is why I attempted to interrogate the logic behind the invite and the codex and FD Support channel; who did respond that such invites were not currently active (namely the DW invite).

On that assumption I was trying to assess how worthwhile it was to engage with these tip off missions and certain factions…not that those results are definitive, it’s subjective but obviously very likely a total waste of time.

Is it possible one has to to go ‘above and beyond’ the rankings and stick with 1 faction or is it specific to a certain location?

I’ve not generally complied to normal gameplay, which is why ED is so attractive for me, and which is obvious from DB statement of ‘we got it wrong’ that FD didn’t really understand player behaviour since launch.

If said function is in game it ought to be very obvious. But my suspicion is the tip offs are simply filler, like chained missions. But next time I’m granted one I’ll attempt to grind that faction…. But I always find other shinier things grab my attention sadly.

Last edited: Jul 29, 2022
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and simulacrae