Boff'in
Sep 19, 2020
#18,989
Darth Ender said:
The idea that it's not an a planetary surface is erroneous.

You can see a lot of surface details from orbit. There is no reason to believe that it couldn't be placed on a surface we can't reach. The only thing Fdev said was that you could find raxxla... Not that you could visit it.

It's also extremely unlikely there are any connections to mythology or books in regards to where raxxla is. Not only would it not make any sense in lore (since mythology and thus the names of stars etc are earth centric and raxxla is decidedly not human-made ....but fdev has stated that there would be no clues to raxxla).

Raxxla is meant to be a needle in the haystack blind search that has a good chance of never coming to fruition. It would be immensely stupid of fdev to not draw out it's discovery for as long as possible...if not indefinitely. Finding it is not in anyone's benefit. The search is.

I just keep my eyes out for anything obviously weird as I jump randomly from system to system. That's no better odds than someone spending a lot of effort trying to find connections and clues where there are none. Though, if it's in a roid cluster....the only way it'll be found is if fdev leaks it. nobody's checking all those.
Click to expand...

needle in a haystack and for eyes that can see

what if you are bang on the money.

in one of the terrain tech (or was it stellarforge) videos, they said the tech was flexible to have planets landscapes generated and created by not just the the stellar forge simulation but also allows artists to create custom geometry,for example the engineers bases have custom made landscapes around them.
now if I recall correctly, (citation required here ) they stated that to Quality Assure the robustness of the custom art work blending with the stellar forge simulation, that an artist was tasked to carve portraits and art onto Planets surfaces.

And if we think back to the 1970’s the bad Viking photos cause a “face” on Mars, and we‘ve always had the “man in the moon”,

I can’t help but think of a planet sized Easter Egg of David Braben’s Portrait etched into a planets surface somewhere,
With a message akin to Douglas Adams
God's Final Message to His Creation:
'We apologize for the inconvenience”
So
“Thanks for all the pizza to help get the game
Launched”!

Such a thing, won’t appear in a scan, and we trust in our scans, contacts list or message inbox to give us the “congratulations You found raxxla”.
And instead it’s .... oohh it’s visual Easter egg.
You could be sooo correct, it’s very cheeky and something they could totally do
Last edited: Sep 19, 2020
Reactions:
Fiera, Vetinari, Dr. Lexus and 1 other person