Jorki Rasalas
Sep 19, 2020
#18,984
Vetinari said:
RE: DB - I just dont know. I think that in context, along with all his other dreams.txt about the 'living universe' (Big game hunter missions, Princess missions, Diplomacy etc etc) that these are things that he imagined that made the galaxy alive. Some of them may have made it into the game in a slightly different format (we have BBS missions of all sorts, maybe that one just got reworded) or they arent there yet - no animals means no big game and no big game missions of the various descriptions....yet, I do believe that everything he said he would like to build and put in at some point, I hope so, I want to see what DB has been thinking of for 40+ years and damn I want to play it.

ATM there are no societies that are generally known that exclude membership for killing that police the other day. It may have morphed into the Engineers (secretive?), or (unlikely but maybe) even pmf and faction ranks, or maybe those Elite ranked missions, different 1 for each Elite rank. Maybe the idea is there but the function is not - have to gain favour with someone to get that reward?

So dunno whats in game, whats been rewritten or evolved into something that is in game and what is still to come.

Or its waiting for software to catch up like Im convinced the Tharg story is waiting for legs at least.
P
We know he brought the Club in, so hes definitely still in the conspiracy market and keeping people guessing, so its plausible his secret society has been waiting for legs too. (fdev have no problem taking salt if they think or know they have something coming, they just dont talk about it until it and they are ready as want to keep the surprise for the players who actually find the surprise, I do admire them for that even though I get frustrated at times, I always believe this isn't the end, not by a long way)
Click to expand...

Indeed. The only two secret societies we know in-game are The Club and TDW. I should think killing a policeman (or a few hundred) would be an essentila part of any entrance exam for The Club. So we’re left with TDW. I think personal reputation sort of fits with their retconned description in the Codex (as opposed to the implication of the original Holdstock cabal)- a “legendary group of adventurers, explorers, investigators and treasure-hunters” might tiptoe outside the law with a little rule-breaking/theft/non-deadly piracy, but would probably not be into murder. But it’s surprising nobody has yet claimed to have been invited to join or is actually a member (with evidence).

Edit: that’s not strictly true-don’t we have a hint from a tourist beacon about some secretive elite subdivision of Pilots Federation? But the point I made still applies...


Edit2: it would be really interesting to have a livestream or two about how the actual game design decisions have constrained the original game concept he had, and whether they might be changed in future releases. An update of the original design forum!
Last edited: Sep 19, 2020
Reactions:
PeteACarter, Dr. Lexus, Rochester and 2 others