Rochester
Apr 5, 2024
#33,786
*edited

Here is a quick image of the Morrigan’s / hypothetical hexagon location I’ve mapped, this time with the Greek wind compass overlaid.

Before we get into what is up/down etc, first lets us acknowledge where this Greek compass resides… it’s technically in this same location, I think this is intentional.

East is a little contentious in my opinion, because there were two historical names for East, both are in game, and another set of systems named after Aristotles compass… which casts doubt on this whole concept.

However, there is another system, very far down below the Lost Realms, right by the first leg of the Brookes Tour by Michel, it’s an Egyptian deity that denotes the protector of the East gate…this when seen in comparison with the Greek compass - I feel its technically in the correct alignment to denote that the Greek compass traditional East is correct in game (green).



My speculation of the gate being in the West, is based solely upon one interpretation of Milton’s text, and an assumption that the Morrigans are likewise, themselves being to the West are linked to the Starship One mystery which I feel is somehow linked to Raxxla.. Other academic sources advocate the gate may be to the East.

I think the West of the wall, or the ‘brow’ is somewhere between Jotnar and Fall… the west wind resides in this local, so does Aeolus, who kept the west wind.

This is also in game the location of the Morrigans… in their myth their Otherworld was said to be of the sea to the West also!

In opposition to this direction, to the East are the Greek Fates and Norse Norns!

If memory is correct Satan fell from a fissure or breach in the aspect of the North wall, so Fall is to the North, this does align with the in game Greek compass…

‘Farr in th' Horizon to the North appeer'd From skirt to skirt a fierie Region, stretcht In battailous aspect, and neerer view Bristl'd with upright beams innumerable Of rigid Spears, and Helmets throng'd, and Shields Various, with boastful Argument portraid, The banded Powers of Satan’ John Milton Pardise Lost.

The above passage in book VI is where the battle in heaven is described, and where Satans troops advanced. The defending troops eventually push them backwards, a fissure is created in the vast wall and Satans follower leap to their doom out of fear.

The deity Chaos said that the pendant globe was not too far off from whence he and his troop first fell…?

So it’s possible to be on the northern aspect of either the West or East wall, from where the gate is… The Empyrean is also described as being both circular and square, so there may not be any clear angle to separate them?

Again - this hypothesis is a culmination of other aspects which collectively seem to converge in this area and that many align upon what looks to be the same y;z plain, it’s very perplexing…
Last edited: Apr 13, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian