Jorki Rasalas
Apr 5, 2024
#33,784
The hypothesis that I've recently been working on recently:
1) Raxxla system lies in Alliance space (Elite Legacy, 2015 bubble size so ~30 to max 60ly from Alioth);
2) "Milton’s Ontology, Cosmogony, and Physics" Walter Clyde Curry 1957. From Curry's analysis in Paradise Lost Heaven's Gate was on the West wall, as @Rochester has found.
3) Dev Diary #1 video of Brookes saying something about being careful about transporting certain illegal cargo in Alliance space, it then cuts to an amusing ‘reaction’ he pulls with a smirk and appropriate ominous music! Dev fiction diaries 1 around 7:11
Source: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=O6z5OK8J5pg&feature=youtu.be
). So TOHF may be the key to open the Raxxla lock?
4) if Milton's Heavens Gate is the West gate, @Rochester has pointed out it ought to be located somewhere between Fall and the Morrigans; Sheela na gig as a protector of doors may advocate a prime location given its close spatial relationship with Starship One and Halsey's visions.

In 2012, however, Ittzés argued Curry was incorrect and that "heaven’s gate is apparently on the northern side, which is the region of Satan’s rebellion" (5.689, 726,755; 6.79) THE STRUCTURE OF MILTON’S UNIVERSE, Gábor Ittzés 2012, which is in time for it to have affected MB in setting the Raxxla storyline in-game.

I looked at the Alliance minor factions:
North Wall Alliance Embassy player faction (home system Tepehuacoc, present in Hachihikaru, Agathiar, Macu Kung)
Northern Lights player faction (home Ari Hesa)
Southern Cross United Mercenaries (home HM Bootis, their only system!)
But no "East" or "West" factions! However those systems aren't too far from Sheela na gig.

Hachihikaru (Japanese translates as "8 Shining" or "8 light" ) is reminiscent of Lyta Crane's TDW codex entry "the original group was based in a disused starport orbiting the eighth moon of an unnamed gas giant". Hachi means eight: "This number holds significant cultural and spiritual significance in Japanese culture, representing good fortune and prosperity. In addition, "hachi" can also refer to a bee or wasp, as the insect's shape resembles the character for eight". Promising space installations related to
"Princess Astrophel and the Spiraling Stars" ... "for those with eyes to see" (i.e. not a subanagram as I originally suspected, but a cryptic clue)

None of the stations in those systems seemed promising but best candidates:
(Installations are not found by Galmap search, so a good hiding place!! )
Tepehuacoc 9/Empyrean Oversight Satellite (Comms installation) Independent-on outer rim of system!
Hachihikaru A1/Conjoint Insight Satellite (Comms installation) Mabe Incorporated
Hachihikaru A4/Stellar Acumen Core (Comms installation)
Agathiar/Princess Centre installation - on outer rim! Fed Navy defending?? in an Alliance system??
None of these look like the Raxxla logo. I've investigated them, including carrying TOHF there, but got no response....but that's no proof they aren't the solution!!

I remembered Beyond - Chapter Four - Exploration Reveal18Oct2018 : @1:29:58 Adam Bourke-Waite (Senior Designer) said “that thing we haven’t shown” (Raxxla codex entry) “there’s elements of that that are probably my favourite parts of this”... .
Source: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rtmmmP_waf4&list=PL7glm5rbPHKw5-Bx_eQuz3SX7-dyAiyJh&index=9&pp=iAQB
.
SO I suspect that when/if we find Raxxla the graphics sequence will be amazing.
Last edited: Apr 5, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Darrack, El Saico and 1 other person