Rochester
Apr 7, 2024
#33,795
The reference to Satan creating his version of heaven, marries with Milton’s conception of hell, in that it was a perverted version of heaven, except it had no perverted version of Eden.

Brookes book image construction might make sense of why in game, the Lost Realms are in the Underworld.

Technically the concept of a punitive hell is relatively Christian, most other faiths it was a mixture, collectively they all seemed to share this concept of an ‘Otherworld’.

In Paradise Lost Milton draws from pre-Christian faiths to represent them as either fallen archangels or primordial deities of creation - as old as his god, if not older.

Robert Holstock in his book Lost Realms, draws upon this and provides the analysis that these realms were alternate examples of Eden…visa versa, drawing upon some shared race-memory.

This might make sense of why in game the Lost Realms are in the Underworld, but I couldn’t understand why there seemed to be so much detail in game to establish an Empyrean; let alone hint at a Miltonian model if there was so much detail placed upon the underworld?

Brookes description of his books plot, follows the above description from the artist, that the universe was created not by god, but something older…so if Brookes was marrying various mythos this ‘mirroring’ in game might begin to make sense..

This is what I saw in the Lost Realms - in game, a sort of mirror image of the heavens…

At first I thought Raxxla might logically be in the Lost Realms, hidden in the middle of other Edens… maybe it is? But in Paradise Lost Eden was no where near the Underworld, Milton was VERY specific in his placement of Eden as being linked to the Empyrean…

After the second fall the Earth in its Pendant Globe is linked to Hell, by Satans viaduct, technically becoming a perverse Eden… wait oh I see now… and by the end of Milton’s text God removed the garden from Earth and places it in/above heaven/or leaves it in its original place… not certain…

But then I began to see this weird mirroring.. I couldn’t explain it, until now.

I do believe more and more Brookes embedded his book template into game. The question remains is Raxxla in the Empyrean or in Hell?



Last edited: Apr 7, 2024