Jorki Rasalas
Jan 15, 2023
#28,913
@Emperor never trust computers!
IMHO ”yearning of our vagabond hearts” wrt Paradise Lost doesnt make much sense for that to be “Satan’s longing for revenge and power”. The key word there is “our”, so multiple subjects... It seems to me to be far more likely to refer to Adam & Eve after their expulsion from Paradise at which point they became homeless, i.e. vagabonds yearning for what they had lost. Your AI may have read my previous “Paradise Lost” hypothesis as the other points are the same. So the answer is Eden, a good half hour SC “personal journey” within Alpha Centauri....Ive spent a while looking fruitlessly around there in the past (see my Paradise Lost post).

Re Odyssey...I’ve been thinking on this recently. Calypso fits the toast here. From Homer’s Odyssey Calypso (daughter of the Titan Atlas) was the nymph/goddess who kept Odysseus enchanted (with her singingas she moved to and fro, weaving on her loom with a golden shuttle) on her island Ogygia (6 letters like Raxxla) for seven years causing pain to his wife Penelope (lover’s woe) and parent’s grief (singular- his father Laertes was old but alive on his return, however his mother Anticlea had died of grief while he was away at war) but Calypso could not overcome his longing (vagabond yearning) for wife and home even by promising him immortality. Calypso also appears in the earth-bound human form of Tia Dalma, an Obeah witch, in the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise. She was freed from her earthly body when the pirate Ragetti slowly whispered in Tia Dalma's ear "Calypso, I release you from your human bonds". Though the latter part seems a bit of a weak fit for the toast .

I have spent a while searching back in Sol as I cant get it out of my mind. It’s where mankind’s earliest experiences with spaceflight occured (c.f. Dark Wheel description), and the Martian Artefact clearly indicates an historical alien presence in Sol. The logo can be interpreted as a map i.e. fly from star Sol, out via the asteroid belt (three arcs) to Saturn (hexagonal dotted line representing the hexagonal jet stream detected by early space probes, and named “Omphalos” in a reader competition (5 April 2007) run by New York Times https://tierneylab.blogs.nytimes.com/2007/04/05/and-saturns-hexagon-shall-be-called/ ). Presumably around Saturn to find a hidden hexagonal sided space station? Though there are some other possibilities here! Notably it was a major research waypoint of the Voyager probe journeys...

I was struck by a thought when looking at the currently known generation ships. Only around a dozen of the thousands apparently launched in the earliest days of space travel (another possible reference match!) are provided in-game, so are they actually clues? My lightbulb moment realisation was that many of their names match astronomical bodies within Sol system. Can this be pure coincidence? I think not! So:

Lycaon - 4792 Lykaon is a dark Jupiter trojan asteroid, approximately 51 kilometers (32 miles) in diameter.

Venusian - planet Venus

Hyperion -moon of Saturn

Odysseus - large crater on Saturn’s moon Tethys which also has a vast canyon system named Ithaca Chasma

Thetis - 17 Thetis, is a stony asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 90 kilometers in diameter.

Pleione -mother of Calypso (semimajor axis 294,619km 0.983 ls) an L5 trojan moon of Saturn’s moon Tethys (60 degrees behind)

Atlas - outer A ring moon of Saturn discovered by Voyager 1, semimajor axis 137,670km (0.459 ls), shaped a little like a flying saucer

Lazarus Expedition - a Lazarus comet is a small body within the main asteroid belt that is not an asteroid, but a comet that has been trapped and may be re-energized into an active comet

Artemis - 105 Artemis is a main-belt asteroid.

Achlys - no match

Phobos - moon of Mars, missing in-game

Phanes - no match

Demeter - 1108 Demeter is a dark asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt,

Epimetheus-moon of Saturn (co-orbits with Janus151,472km) semimajor axis 151,422km (0.505 ls)

Spear of Hope - no match

Golconda - no match


AND my googling came up with the fact that in Pushing Ice, a 2005 SciFi novel, Janus was an alien spacecraft. And IRL Atlas was photographed by Voyager 1 and it looks a bit like a “flying saucer” - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlas_(moon) !

And also I found a reference that said “gravity from Saturn's various moons tug at the planet's rings and make spirals in them”.

So I spent some time searching for a hidden moon (if TDW can hide a space station then Guardians could hide a moon-sized station) Atlas at the edge of the bright A ring of Saturn. Nothing found, but if it is anything like the Pareco comets it is very difficult to drop out of SC at the correct location to enter their instance to stand a chance of honking them. So something to continue searching for!

I’ve also once again fruitlessly targeted/searched around Saturn’s “Omphalos” North Pole hexagonal storm.

I’ve fruitlessly searched for Calypso! She’s a Trojan moon, so in a fixed location 295,000 km/0.983 ls from both Saturn & Tethys, which in itself seems attractive. We know Raxxla is difficult to find, but it should be feasible & we know where to look for Calypso at Saturn-Tethys L5 position.

I’ve fruitlessly looked for moon Janus ( Janus and Epimetheus (gen ship siren??) are two moons of Saturn that occupy essentially the same orbit). Janus was the Roman god of beginnings, gates, transitions, time, duality, doorways, passages, frames and endings (all of which might refer to a hyperspace gateway to Raxxla). Janus moon has semimajor axis of 151,460 km (0.505 ls).

I also considered the Ancient Space Probes as the Vagabond wanderers. I’ve visited them again and taken loads of pix. The Golden Recod is affixed to their sides and looks very like the real life original, though quite low resolution
Source: https://i.imgur.com/NjXgCg7.jpg
(I had thought maybe DB might have played a trick on us & perhaps changed the pulsar map to Sol to show Raxxla’s location). Voyager 2 is tumbling. Voyager 1 is fixed & the dish is pointing away from Earth but I havent decided where it is pointing to at present (this might be a clue, however no other satellite that Ive seen in-game points anywhere meaningful so I suspect this is not a clue). BUT on the back of Voyager the dish support struts have a hexagonal shape
Source: https://i.imgur.com/dnlk92h.jpg
, and from the front the horn arrangement looks a little like the central dot and circle of the logo
Source: https://i.imgur.com/0dcOyYC.jpg
. Being on the back the struts are hidden from the front, hence an explanation for the dotted line. If you listen both vgers are playing what I think is supposed to be the Golden Record of greetings in various Earth languages. The English version is clearly David Braben saying something trite along the lines of “to all inhabitants of Space, we wish you happiness in your search”. I didn't note down the exact phrasing, but it’s definitely his voice. I’ve interacted with them with the only mechanisms we have ( honking and shooting) but nothing happened....

I weary of this quest!
Last edited: Jan 16, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae, John Stoutbeard, Macros Black and 1 other person