Darth Ender
D
Jun 16, 2020
#17,550
PeteACarter said:
Question - If people dont believe Raxxla is in game that's fine - but why hang on "The Quest To Find Raxxla" thread, rather than going to shoot at some goids, or something?
Because the quest is going to overwhelming result in not finding it until the 1 person does...if ever. Not believing or getting convinced to believe again is part of that quest.

Regards Project Watson comment - regardless of it the leak was entirely fake or from a source in ED - the main point was the leak was overtly malicious to FDev. Couldn't claim it was in the public interest to know there plan. There is 0 evidence that the Raxxla comment was true

If all of the other info has been factual and confirmed, then the one thing you dont agree with is more likely to also be true than not.

I would much more believe that they didn't put in it to accidentally be found and ruin a driving force for gameplay that they have no replacement for than to believe they put it in because they're a company of their word and would rather be honorable than do what's good for the company and good for the players.

Nobody wins if raxxla is found. Nobody loses if it's not. Players have nothing to replace it with and it can't hope to live up to the hype. Fdev would have to fund creating content around it if it's found and change existing content around to deal with it. Then create something new to replace a mystery that has had decades to embed itself in the playerbase.

They would be entirely stupid to let raxxla get found. It just doesn't make any sense to throw that piece of branding away.

Edit: The only way i can see them having their cake and eating it too, is if raxxla moves and does so before the discovering player has any chance to interact with raxxla. So it is constantly lost if ever found and nobody sees it long enough to learn anything about it or gets anything from it other than the momentary glimpse to be proof that it's out there.

That's the only end game where allowing it to be found doesn't result in a huge loss for everyone.
Last edited: Jun 16, 2020
Reactions:
Exekrator