Han_Zen
Dec 31, 2017
#1,422
Jaiotu said:
The case for Barnard's Loop.

The hunt for Raxxla takes explorers on many routes through the galaxy. We search among the stars and planets for that one Great Anomaly to point us to this final destination. Yet Raxxla remains hidden and shrouded from view.

We must therefore focus on the one link to Raxxla that appears to be transparent: The Dark Wheel. Operating out of the Founder's World system of Shinrarta Dhezra much has been made about whether or not this group even represents the actual Dark Wheel at all or if it is something entirely different which has subjugated the name for some perceived benefit of reputation.

Even before the Great Schism between Oberon and Neptune Ryder led to the the formation of the Circle of Independent Elite Pilots there must already have been many independent pilots and cooperatives operating along one or more of the many spokes that protrude from the Wheel. No doubt one of those spokes extends into Shinrarta Dhezhra and perhaps provides motion along its axis to more then is given credit.

Even now the Dark Wheel is turning ... moving the galaxy toward the great doom of this age: The unveiling of Raxxla and the undoing of mankind's infancy.

Dark Wheel. Lets deconstruct that for the moment.

Dark. The word comes to us from the Old English "deorc" which is believed to be related to the Germanic "tarnen" meaning to "conceal".

Wheel. Old English hwēol (noun), of Germanic origin, from an Indo-European root shared by Sanskrit cakra ‘wheel, circle’ and Greek kuklos ‘circle.’

To find Raxxla we must first discover the Concealing Circle.

My eyes have been drawn to Barnard's Loop. What could be hidden inside or beyond this great emission nebula? This has become the latest Windmill to draw my lance.

May the madness encircle me as I venture once more into the void.

The apoapsis axisis of the Sirius system(from A towards B), points roughly towards Barnard’s loop.
My best alignment gives a direction towards the COL 69 side of the loop, passing trough COL 70 sector on the way.

My alignment is not very acurate, as I can’t seem to find my Orrey map.