Louis Calvert
Dec 30, 2017
#1,421
Jaiotu said:
The case for Barnard's Loop.

The hunt for Raxxla takes explorers on many routes through the galaxy. We search among the stars and planets for that one Great Anomaly to point us to this final destination. Yet Raxxla remains hidden and shrouded from view.

We must therefore focus on the one link to Raxxla that appears to be transparent: The Dark Wheel. Operating out of the Founder's World system of Shinrarta Dhezra much has been made about whether or not this group even represents the actual Dark Wheel at all or if it is something entirely different which has subjugated the name for some perceived benefit of reputation.

Even before the Great Schism between Oberon and Neptune Ryder led to the the formation of the Circle of Independent Elite Pilots there must already have been many independent pilots and cooperatives operating along one or more of the many spokes that protrude from the Wheel. No doubt one of those spokes extends into Shinrarta Dhezhra and perhaps provides motion along its axis to more then is given credit.

Even now the Dark Wheel is turning ... moving the galaxy toward the great doom of this age: The unveiling of Raxxla and the undoing of mankind's infancy.

Dark Wheel. Lets deconstruct that for the moment.

Dark. The word comes to us from the Old English "deorc" which is believed to be related to the Germanic "tarnen" meaning to "conceal".

Wheel. Old English hwēol (noun), of Germanic origin, from an Indo-European root shared by Sanskrit cakra ‘wheel, circle’ and Greek kuklos ‘circle.’

To find Raxxla we must first discover the Concealing Circle.

My eyes have been drawn to Barnard's Loop. What could be hidden inside or beyond this great emission nebula? This has become the latest Windmill to draw my lance.

May the madness encircle me as I venture once more into the void.

The early explorers almost certainly did exactly what we did - headed off to all the big landmarks in the Sky - so, if Raxxla was discovered as early as 2800, then it was either totally accidentally or it was located in one of the more obvious landmarks. The Loop has a lot of permit locked regions near and around it.

The Loop is one of the biggest and most obvious objects in our (enhanced) sky, so it makes perfect sense that it would have been an early exploration destination. In terms of distances it would have been a long trip in the early days, but most likely something that was possible, at least for a few hardy explorers.

The other factor is that the loop is a supernova nebula remnant from around 2m years ago. Supernova put out a radiation wave that will sterilise all life on planets within a significant light-year range. I can well imagine a narrative that has a civilisation developing nearby to a star that they eventually realise will supernova, and instead of developing FTL they develop some type of inter-dimensional travel, or wormhole gate (stargate) or something like that to evacuate the population before the supernova - that would also explain why an advanced civilisation would leave behind something that might be the Raxxla gate.

There's no doubting that it resembles a wheel too, with a hub and a rim - I wouldn't be surprised if the structure informed the name