Rochester
Apr 14, 2024
#33,878
Ravenloft45 said:
What did Brookes say? There will be no clues. In order to say this, you must either have given a very concrete clue, or you must have a goal like making people search a needle in a haystack. The second option was tried, at least partially, by the players and did not yield any results (the great potato hunt). In this forum of more than 1600 pages, there is still no hypothesis that will satisfy or refute an instinct that has been gnawing at my brain since I first heard about Raxxla.

"A place that is not a place, a door that is also the key."

The very word raxxla itself, this 6-letter word, is the compass, key, road map we are looking for... Or whatever you call it, I have never lost my belief and doubt that if one of us finds raxxla one day, the way to it is through this word. We just don't have the logic to unlock this lock, or we don't have the eyes to see it yet.
Click to expand...

Sorry, I think maybe this is out of context, this might be part of the general problem, a lot of what is thought to be known or not known has probably only ever been established from and by Cmdrs own interpretations of events. Very little has probably ever been directly communicated by FD and when it has been, it likely was with very little regard to actual specifics.

There technically has been no real information on how to find Raxxla; currently maybe that’s with exception the Codex, if that actually is information.

At most it simply advertises its content in game, but not in what context.

Anything said historically, pre-codex, technically might be construed as being redundant, based purely upon perception of events. Because technically anything linked to the historical ‘missions’ then likewise ought to be regarded likewise as redundant. But no one has really officially admitted that they were link, it’s an assumption.

Everything we discuss here is speculation. Even this area of confusion, because FD has never ‘officially’ stated to the contrary. If they have it was done so only ever directly to singular Cmdrs, via forum questions or support tickets, not technically publicly.

They have never officially said post DB and MB ‘this is how it’s done’. Cmdrs might confuse what might have been said in the past as being currently relevant, and that might be conflated through interpretation of what is or was third hand knowledge.

Turning the Wheel and the Potato Hunt are both ‘player’ organised situations aimed at forcing the situation out of an absence of information. They are not technically ED sanctioned methods of engagement for any in game mystery, but very likely entertained being accessible role play - as this thread is also - technically.
Last edited: Apr 15, 2024
Reactions:
Ravenloft45