selbie
Apr 14, 2024
#33,866
Astro13 said:
Ah, I see. Must have misremembered. Still, has there been any connection made between your Miltonian Map and the locations of the guardians?
The potential connections are so unclear that it makes them fairly irrelevant until new information comes about to make that connection more concrete. That being said, it would make for a very cool lore setting if there is some kind of connection.

A few interesting aspects to the Guardians that stand out to me:
They likely share a genetic ancestor with humans, which indicates, assuming Raxxla is connected, they may have been the creator of this Omphalos Rift during their technological peak in the Construct's era - perhaps even the Construct itself devised it. Perhaps humanity is a form of 'last hope' to the Guardians who seeded Earth or uplifted us so we may have a chance to confront or make peace with the Construct.
The pattern of Guardian site locations adjacent to the bubble seems to have a directional nature to it which appears to "point" to Sol, or perhaps emanates from Sol.
Assuming this directional pattern is intentionally showing this relationship, then it is very tenuously possible that Mars was their early home - hence the Martian Relic. Alternately there was a far more ancient progenitor race (akin to the Elder Gods in Lovecraft) that existed who created the Omphalos Rift.
The Guardian technology revolves around crystals grown to serve as "part power source, part computer, part key". A potential link to the clue 'the door is also the key'. One interpretation of that is the material Raxxla is composed of / functions on is also used to access it.
Edit: Additionally there is the elephant in the room of the locked Regor sector locations. Perhaps we can find something there that clarifies any relationship or confirms it is separate from Raxxla. For example, we haven't even found any evidence of the fourth type of Guardian Ruin Site - the Omega sites.
Edit: Related post here for anyone who may have info.
Last edited: Apr 14, 2024
Reactions:
Rochester