Jorki Rasalas
Apr 15, 2024
#33,879
Ravenloft45 said:
What did Brookes say? There will be no clues. In order to say this, you must either have given a very concrete clue, or you must have a goal like making people search a needle in a haystack. The second option was tried, at least partially, by the players and did not yield any results (the great potato hunt). In this forum of more than 1600 pages, there is still no hypothesis that will satisfy or refute an instinct that has been gnawing at my brain since I first heard about Raxxla.

"A place that is not a place, a door that is also the key."

The very word raxxla itself, this 6-letter word, is the compass, key, road map we are looking for... Or whatever you call it, I have never lost my belief and doubt that if one of us finds raxxla one day, the way to it is through this word. We just don't have the logic to unlock this lock, or we don't have the eyes to see it yet.
Click to expand...
"Raxxla" is an unusual word. Does the X imply a wild character? It certainly sounds alien....

I'm no mathematician nor Cryptographer, but over the years I've made a few attempts at putting "Raxxla" through the cypher toolbox ( https://www.hanginghyena.com/solvers_a/substitution-cipher-workbench), and once again last week. The latest reason being I revisited the Tourist Beacon in Gateway (as part of @Rochester 's Paradise Lost theory) where it explicitly says the system used to be named OLITQU (another very strange name, and 6 letters just like Raxxla) and was used as a staging post in Fed war against Alioth...I've previously posted that the DW unused station might be a forgotten military base leftover from a war. As keys I attempted "Princess", "Astrophel", "Princess Astrophel", "PASS", "PAATSS", "HOPE" (planet 1, and 'Shinrarta Dehzra' derivation from 'in life she saw hope'), and with various Caesar rotations. But nothing decyphered "Olitqu" into "Raxxla" or anything else that provided illumination.
Last edited: Apr 15, 2024
Reactions:
Macros Black, Ravenloft45 and Rochester