Rochester
Tuesday at 5:26 PM
#35,739
Allen Stroud said:
Thanks. Heartwood has sold out several times and been reprinted, which is great. PS Publishing just sent me my slipcase edition. It's absolutely gorgeous.

The list of authors involved is stellar, plus little old me.

Randomius Factoria. I recall this being something I arrived fairly late to as a concept. I think Dave Hughes had done a little work developing the theology in some early drafts of his ideas. The initial concept felt a bit 'Ian Bell' to me, in that when you look at a lot of the earlier background, the Ian Bell stuff was often the less serious stuff. That said, when I researched in a bit more detail I realised I was mistaken in judging it as a comedy Warhammer theme for the Elite Universe or solely as a satire on procedural generation. Interesting to note that there is A LOT of explorations of Fate, Randomness, etc during the 1980s in a variety of SF Fantasy franchises.

The extract below is straight out of the Lave Guidebook, which was a compilation I did for my own story work. It came from the revised version of the Old Worlds draft. Looking at the tracked changes, I think this was a light edit of Dave's initial entry. His draft in the older file contains a note linking it to the Holdstock source in The Dark Wheel.



This section found it's way into the appendices of in the second edition copy.
Click to expand...

Yes the link evidently then is a direct homage to Holdstocks Dark Wheel.

‘Elyssia 'What god or goddess do you believe in?' 'Randomius Factoria . . .' Alex muttered. 'Me too . . .' They looked at each other. Alex laughed and said, 'Repeat after me: Lady of Fate, we adore you . . . ' 'Get us to Rafe's, we implore you . . .' From The Dark Wheel (chapter 3).

The phrase ‘Randomius Factoria’ doesn't actual have any direct translation from the Latin, namely it being a type of pseudo-Latin, in English it likely would be something like ‘random’ ‘factual’ or something, so to me it felt like a joke initially, rather 80s!

The Greek and Roman cults for Fortuna, have a more logical historical context, and there’s a lineage of the name back to Homer and the Odyssey too.

So yes my initial interpretation was somewhat very similar. Historically then in regards to ED lore it’s something which could be ascribed to the earliest days of exploration?

There is evidence to suspect there is a potential fulcrum associated with various systems that are associated?

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10314465

TYCHE CULT - Ancient Greek Religion
Tyche was the ancient Greek goddess of good fortune. She was usually worshipped as the guardian spirit of a city's good fortune and her cult was fairly widespread. In this guise she was depicted with a turret-crown representing the city's walls and a horn of plenty brimming with the fruits of...
www.theoi.com
Last edited: Today at 11:27 AM