Allen Stroud
Tuesday at 12:40 PM
#35,733
Rochester said:
@Allen Stroud would you be able to elaborate upon what was considered or established in game, about Randomius Factoria and or Fortuna?


Love the new Holdstock book by the way.

Heartwood: A Mythago Wood Anthology [trade paperback] Edited by Dan Coxon
AN ANTHOLOGY edited by Dan Coxon PUBLICATION DATE August 2024 COVER AT INTERIOR ILLUSTRATION Vince Haig INTRODUCTION Michael Moorcock PAGES 484 ISBN
Click to expand...

Thanks. Heartwood has sold out several times and been reprinted, which is great. PS Publishing just sent me my slipcase edition. It's absolutely gorgeous.

The list of authors involved is stellar, plus little old me.

Randomius Factoria. I recall this being something I arrived fairly late to as a concept. I think Dave Hughes had done a little work developing the theology in some early drafts of his ideas. The initial concept felt a bit 'Ian Bell' to me, in that when you look at a lot of the earlier background, the Ian Bell stuff was often the less serious stuff. That said, when I researched in a bit more detail I realised I was mistaken in judging it as a comedy Warhammer theme for the Elite Universe or solely as a satire on procedural generation. Interesting to note that there is A LOT of explorations of Fate, Randomness, etc during the 1980s in a variety of SF Fantasy franchises.

The extract below is straight out of the Lave Guidebook, which was a compilation I did for my own story work. It came from the revised version of the Old Worlds draft. Looking at the tracked changes, I think this was a light edit of Dave's initial entry. His draft in the older file contains a note linking it to the Holdstock source in The Dark Wheel.

Disaffected Imperial colonists who originally landed on Lave immediately discarded the doctrines and beliefs of the Empire. Instead they revered “Lady Luck” and believed that their futures were nothing more than the outcome of random chance.
Over the centuries these early beliefs took hold and tales of the Lady were passed down – a serene figure in white who granted good fortune when she smiled on you. Her names were many, but the ones that were always remembered were The Lady and Randomius Factoria – Our Lady of Fate.

This section found it's way into the appendices of Lave Revolution in the second edition copy.
Last edited: Tuesday at 4:35 PM
Reactions:
Rochester and Jorki Rasalas