Rochester
Apr 15, 2023
#29,982
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
So, please don't take this as anything more than curiosity. Why do believe these would be alternative realities and not merely products of human society changing over centuries? We have strong indications that names of systems changed just because Universal Cartographics coming into existence. Further, given Feds, Empire, and Independent Worlds had a large separation - cultural specific name scheme could be at play. One other thing, one the starter systems has the faction "LHS 3447 Academy for Novitiate Pilots". This is important because novitiates are initiates to a religious order. This is why I suspect Church of the Path is related in the Shibboleth system. Shibboleth is important because it implies that there are terms at play that distinguish one from an insider with special knowledge from outsiders. For the record, my goal is not exclusion but education. All CMDRs have a duty to help others.

Definition of SHIBBOLETH


Click to expand...
*edited

Being very curious of Shibboleth, the canon page makes reference to a Galnet article which first links it to an Isla Elmasri of Alpha Centauri, naming the cult in Shibboleth as potentially the ‘Disciples of Maarg’.

Maarg is Sanskrit for ‘Path’. In this video it’s indicated this maybe a player written story?

Source: https://youtu.be/XvBQJRz7wsc


I find this interesting, as on its own such a location in Shibboleth is potentially meaningless as it doesn’t lead anywhere. But the inclusion of it as a secondary location, the first being Alpha Centauri gives it more potential credibility, because it identifies the Church of the path might be linked to the Disciples of Maarg - albeit player generated FD allows it to be used; it identifies that FD wanted Cmdrs to find it either way, using breadcrumbs to hint there was something there to be found, but for what purpose?

FD has alluded recently that the game has various aspects of environmental storytelling, these by the definition, might not necessarily lead anyplace physically, they may only paint a backdrop for us to exist in, flavouring so to speak, to breathe life into the game or act as narrative foreshadowing.

Being somewhat of a practical mindset, with a lot of GIS experience I’m led to draw correlations between such breadcrumb locations, as this is a real-world science; however I’m equally aware its also counterintuitive within game because for every example of scientific triangulation that does lead to a physical outcome which has a wider aspect eg Gen ships, Thargoids and Guardians, there are many which seemingly do not and look at first glance, to be essentially dead-ends.

For this path to have any further meaningful use, it either has to have directly linked narrative context, or requires a third or more, physical breadcrumb element (not esoteric) if there are such, then I would then identify it as having some greater relevance, otherwise I might be more inclined towards some background narrative.

I give as example the Yggdrasil systems: not enough to insert one or two on their own, but to build almost a hundred, either identifies evidence of a process of automated naming (from a library) or it being manually placed and potentially with some (unknown) intent, the ‘correlation’ is identified by evidence of multiple locations with a shared relationship and a tight pattern - as to if Yggdrasil has relevance I leave as open.

My point being, one or two locations on their own might not mean much, but it still might be enough to identify a potential relationship, but it might only lead nowhere, unless there is a third, fourth, or one or more other in game aspects that identities a secondary relationship, we need more examples of a shared relationship, a shared name, origin or location. Any esoteric hypothesis is only that, and IMPO far too wide.

Until that point I suspect it’s nothing more than some background environmental storytelling. It might have just been foreshadowing towards the Thargod cult.

The use of the term Shibboleth: a custom, principle, or belief distinguishing a particular class or group of people. In its Biblical context, the word was used as a password — a means to figure out who was part of a group and who wasn't. In a more common context it can be used to denote a preferred pronunciation of a word or saying which may be incorrectly pronounced to those ‘without ears to hear’ so to speak…

Was this applied to identify the Disciples of Maarg, ergo the ‘Thar God’ cult; might it be used to identify another specific name within that system?

Its moon is interestingly named Kyllikki, which as @simulacrae identifies, might refer to a character from the epic Finnish creation poem Kalevala, whose central theme revolves around the mysterious magical item the Sampo, which is very interesting,

Certain interpretations identify it as a magical device or object constructed by the blacksmith ‘Ilmarinenand’ which brought riches and good fortune to its holder, akin to the horn of plenty (cornucopia) of Greek mythology.

The Sampo is also ascribed in many different ways to being a potential World Tree or a cosmological pillar, holding up the vault of the heavens, a world mountain or axis mundi, it’s also seen as a compass or astrolabe.

The Sampo was eventually supposedly smashed into pieces and lost at sea during a battle, in one interpretation, sinking into the ocean in the realm of Ahti.



Ahti is a system in game, and interestingly is very, very close to LTT 606 (Marianne's Journey to Arcadia).

LTT606 has the faction ‘Confederation of Muriges’ and a persistent NPC contact named ‘Persephone’!

Kyllikki - ‘flower of the islands’ is from Saari, who was sought over by Paiva and Kuu (Sun and the Moon) before being abducted by a Lemminkäinen, then abandoned for being unfaithful - none exists in game.

Kyllikki was a mortal and is essentially famous for vowing a mighty oath to be faithful and true. But she found the housework so boring that one day she sneaked out to dance with some random dudes.

Noticeably Ahti and LTT606 are relatively close to the water god Poseidon. Ahti is both an underwater realm and a water god in Finnish mythology!



The Theft of the Sampo, Akseli Gallen-Kallela, 1897

Is the application of the name Kyllikki intentional, or just evidence of an automated naming engine from a base library?

Is there an intentional link to the system Ahti, or is this just another example of pattern bias or Apophenia?

Or more likely is the inclusion of Kyllikki just a metaphor for the actions of an acolyte escaping the clutches of Disciples of Maarg, a potential Shibboleth of the founding Fargod cult, if so, where else might we find such founders, and what do those locations tell us?

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10122689

But who knows, keep digging anything is possible.

*updated:

The path upwards?
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10241585

The path downwards?
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10241212

One of the factions in this system is called ‘Civitas Dei’ meaning ‘City of God’, another is ‘Flotta Stellare’ which is Italian for ‘Star Fleet’.
Last edited: Dec 15, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and R3aktor