CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 21, 2023
#32,127
Jorki Rasalas said:
Just breakfast coffee musings, but thinking again on the Omphalos being placed at the meeting point of two eagles sent by the god from the extremeties of the world to meet in the middle (i.e. the hub, the navel)... WHY pick the name "Omphalos"? That in itself seems like a clue...

Halfway between Earth and Jupiter would be 628,950,000 km, nothing around there from reality (Wikipedia solar system planetary distances). But from EDSM halfway between Persephone and Sol would be 242,177.5 ls, which puts it just inside the orbit of Sedna.

Somebody else can work out midway from Sag A* (centre of Milky Way) to the galactic extremity...
Throwing this out there as it came up in chats lately (here or elsewhere). There are two key items found in Sol. The first is either known as The Relic, Martian Relic, or Non-human Relic. It's true nature is still a deep secret even in 3309. It is found in 2280 potentially at first in space then later on the surface of Mars.

The second object is a Hyperspace-capable message pod from Augustus Brenquith on his discovery of the Ackwada system. The pod is found orbitting Jupiter after apparently losing power upon arrival at Sol. The canister was open and seal broken and contained a message crystal. The tale is told in both the Discovery of Ackwada beacon and in a more complete fashion in Frontier gazetteer. This is but one of a series of pods found in Sol that sets off waves of colonization. Each one a separate entry from the Frontier gazetteer.

It is my firm belief these are all Guardian in nature including the object found in 2280 at Mars. The full gazateer entry is as follows:

Ackwada

The official discovery of this system and its habitable planet is nowadays accredited to Augustus Brenquith, although the Rockforth Corporation claim the land deeds and development rights to the system. Thirty nine years after the Corporation declared the system its own, an ancient message capsule was recovered from outside the orbit of Jupiter in the Sol system, tumbling in an uncontrolled fashion. It is now believed that the capsule suffered a power failure immediately after returning to Sol by hyper space and had been orbiting Jupiter for an untold length of time.

The discovery aroused considerable interest amongst archeologists on Earth at the time and while the capsule was in transit to New Delhi University there was heated debate as to whether the artifact should be opened or not. When the capsule was studied, the seal was seen to be broken, so the matter was resolved. Inside the capsule was a message crystal with the log of the second five years of Augustus Brenquith’s solitary search for new worlds, his `glittering legacy’, included in the list of planetary systems he had stumbled upon was that of Ackwada.

Ackwada is a benign world, with a gravity very closely matched to that of Old Earth and a pleasant climate. Many visitors and industrialists attending Corporation Functions are struck by the similarity to the home world. Locals tend to be bitter about this comparison, pointing out that Earth has seen fit to launch four separate invasions on the planet in the past. In many ways Thompson’s planet is one of the disputed zone, roughly equally spaced between the heart of Federation and Empire. Rockforth Corporation managed to preserve the colony’s independence during the early .years, and this trend has continued, even though the Corporation holding rights to the planet has changed several times since the founding.

Rush’s Camp is a heavily industrialised city, and raw materials are transformed into the machines and tools needed by the developing system. The outspill of pollutants and wastes is unrestricted, because of early Corporation law, and the environment in the region of Rush’s Camp is unhealthy except in protective wear. The local life forms have mostly fallen prey to heavy metal poisoning and carcinomas from effluents of the different plants. The air near Rush’s Camp is not safe to breath for long periods without a respirator or sophisticated filter system.

Most people turn to Yorkville for relaxation. The Corporations owning the World provide regular free shuttles between the two major cities and as the local saying goes `Rush to work, Rush for pay, York you live, York to play’. The entertainment sectors of Yorkville are Corporation sponsored and this has led to allegations amongst some neighbouring star systems that organised crime has set up at Ackwada. This charge is vigorously denied by all senior executives of the Corporations and legal actions are in progress in several colonies in this regard. The Corporations have found the threat of punitive legal damages and costly trials is an effective deterrent for all but the most vociferous of their opponents.
Click to expand...
Attachments
0175.png
295.4 KB · Views: 74
0216.png
295.3 KB · Views: 61
0216B.png
300.6 KB · Views: 67
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein and selbie