Ian Doncaster
Nov 22, 2023
#32,135
Bushido Brown said:
I've been thinking about the Club, and going off the fandom site it looks like the only direct mention is in ED: Premonition. I haven't skimmed galnet for the name yet though.
The Club are a bit of a tricky one because different writers have taken them in different directions, possibly in response to seeing how the original "big ideas" for the story were actually received / practical to put across through the medium of a long-running computer game.

Premonition (and its associated in-game content) portrays them as the all-encompassing conspiracy behind absolutely everything (even the things which didn't need explaining as the machinations of a conspiracy in the first place). I believe Premonition-the-book is the only source which refers to them as "the Club" rather than leaving them unnamed. Under that interpretation they're responsible for basically every official event which happens.

Galnet doesn't mention them by name but the only things strongly connected to them (excluding the Premonition content) are the conspiracy around Core Dynamics / Jupiter Division / Federal Military to have Halsey assassinated and replaced by a more military-spending-friendly President. They're not weak under this interpretation - two Federal VPs killed, an unfavourable Presidential election result essentially overturned within nine months, etc. - but neither are they the "CMDR Smith just ate a sandwich, our plan is proceeding perfectly" uber-conspiracy that Premonition markets them as.

2020-onwards storytelling I think has tended to move away from having a single unified conspiracy (which I personally think works better):
- the Club are messing with Federal politics primarily with the aim of making higher profits (and probably the Alliance too, given the Sirius connection). Their most recent visible action might well be the assassination of Fleischer (and attempt to pin it on Torval) perhaps to bring another big Federal company into their grouping.
- Azimuth are (or rather were) working in the shadows to complete their leader's personal vengeance against the Thargoids; having to act openly is clearly not healthy for them.
- the Consortium (Rackham certainly fits the Codex description, but maybe all of Joker's Deck?) have been introduced in the Odyssey codex as another criminal-corporate conspiracy group, with slightly unclear motivations and actions. Other than the attempted coup versus Delaine (who's somewhat close to Sirius, so this may be a Club-Consortium shadow war going on) it's not clear that they've done very much.
- the League of Restoration (NMLA's funders) don't need to be connected to any of that on the Imperial side; Blaine gets to remain a bit more ambiguous a character as a result.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, Bushido Brown, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 3 others