Rochester
Nov 22, 2023
#32,138
Edelgard von Rhein said:
As there has been progress made by looking at the representations of mythology in the game, I thought I would take a look at fictional references, especially relating to HP Lovecraft and Robert Holdstock, as these authors so inspired Michael Brookes.

My knowledge of the actual works of HP Lovecraft is very limited, although I have certainly seen his themes reused in other science fiction. Elite Dangerous is not lacking in this regard, with cosmicism, forbidden knowledge and the dangers of self-knowledge present in strength.
As far as direct reference to characters and places, I drew a complete blank - but I only know the names of a few main characters (though Wikipedia does have the family tree of the main character from one of his books and there are some common surnames in there, as well as some not human ... ).

There was more that I found that seemed to reference Robert Holdstock's work and whilst reading about the inspiration for some of these stories I encountered one or two extra names that are in-game.
Since I didn't want to spoil Ragthorn (which I am getting for Christmas) I confined myself to checking against names of people and places in some of the Mythago Wood stories in the Galaxy Map. Whilst it is hard to be sure that any of the following names are references to the characters and not other individuals, e.g. scientists, the fact that I got so many 'hits' I think suggests that it may be intentional.
Huxley, Mythago Wood character(s): 8 stations have this name.
Hayden, Mythago Wood character: 7 stations have this name.
Bradley, The Hollowing character(s): 20 stations have this name.
Jacobi, The Hollowing character: 15 stations have this name.
McCarthy, The Hollowing character: 9 stations have this name.
Sinisalo, The Hollowing character: 5 stations have this name.
Sarin, The Hollowing character: a system on the edge of the Bubble in the rough direction of Colonia (empty system).
Mabon, Gate of Ivory, Gate of Horn character: inhabited system near the edge of the Lost Realms region (main feature is an Ammonia World). This character was apparently bound to guard the entrance to the underworld!
Pwyll, Gate of Ivory, Gate of Horn character: inhabited system near Sol.
Mahar, the race of reptilians who lived underground in 'At the Earth's Core' by ER Burroughs: a system in the Lost Realms region.
Taliesin, Welsh poet after whom Tallis from Lavondyss was reputedly named: a system in the upper branches of Yggdrasil, above and to one side of Sol.

I'm starting to feel that the 'personal journey' might mirror a character from Robert Holdstock, not only Paradise Lost, though what we find could be more Lovecraftian!
Click to expand...
Great work.

I suspect there to be a great deal in game which is related to Holdstock. Some of it I suspect is arbitrary but a certain percentage is intentional, if we can utilise these correctly they may help establish cross-overs, and build confidence behind other hypotheses.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian