CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 21, 2023
#32,121
Humor me here. Raxxla may be protected by a central character to the Elite Series (which may well go a long ways to explaining the death of Jason Ryder).
Jaques just might be THE Construct. He develops the Coriolis (this is in "... All that Glisters"). Glister is also the archaic form of Glisten. Reminder, Augustus Brenquith's "glistening legacy". So, just with that little information we can get an approximate age of Jaques, Evidence for his age:
From "...All that Glisters", "He had been born some three hundred years before, and had been a cyborg for over two hundred and seventy of those years."
From first manual, origin story of Coriolis in Vetitice (Vetitice apparently is Facece). The date for the first Coriolis built at Lave is 2752. Peter's Base is the prototype and then the one Lave is built. So,this means pre-2752.
First bullet point gets you to 2900s. This first statement is evidently a lie. Next, bullet point is slightly before 2752 (let's say 2750). At minimum, that makes Jaques at least 559 years old.
Ackwada has Rockforth Corporation founded in 2673 (tourist beacon "Rockforth Founded" TB#214 in Ackwada). We do not have an exact discovery date but Augustus Brenquith is credited with the discovery (let's just say 2670). This then puts Jaques age at 639.
Final piece of puzzle - Battle of Hell's Gate. It is important that Jaques was drafted 3 years after he became eligible (draft is at 18) due to being unemployed. This puts him at 21. So, Hell's Gate. A bit of deduction put the river of Hades as Eridanos/Eridanus ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eridanos_(river_of_Hades) ). That means Battle of Achenar (Fall 2324). Let's say he is drafted in 2322 at age 21 and ships out in 2323 when the fleet departs (Logistical Nightmare beacon in Beta Hydri).
That then puts Jaques at 1,008 years old (very conservatively). He is probably a great deal older.

Further, this might just imply Peter Jameson is THE Construct given the whole faked death in Riedquat (Frontier and FFE manuals) but there is Peter's Wreck planet in Facece and the first Coriolis Peter's Base. Jaques is maybe Raxxla (or at the very least protects it)?

COMMON HISTORY OF VIOLENCE

M.C.S

Both sentient Galactic species share, it seems, a common history of violence. The difference is that whereas humanity confined itself to wiping out members of its own species in the hundreds of thousands in the name of religion and progress, the Thargoids wiped out an entire sentient species. The full details of the past are not clear yet. In fact, it is not entirely obvious whether the ‘third race’ is genuinely extinct or whether they have merely retreated out of range.

The Thargoid’s suggestion is that the third race is aggressive in intent, that it is being held back by fear of our joint technology and that it is likely to attack once more when it believes that its own technology has progressed to the point where it would win an all-out Galactic conflict. Their fear is that if the human/android race explores far beyond the current confines of inhabited space (as is likely once alien technology becomes widely available) then we may be at risk of attack and may even provoke a ‘third race’ attack on our relatively unprotected sector of the Galaxy.

The alien inter-actors have been at pains to point out that they have no wish whatsoever to enter into any further conflict, with ourselves or any other sentient species and they would almost certainly avoid taking part in any such war unless their own home systems was under direct threat. That leaves us in an almost identical position to the one we were in a short time ago: there are sentients out there, we don’t know where they are and we don’t know what they want, but there’s every chance that they will come and get us - sometime. In view of this, we advise that Federal citizens think carefully before travelling outwith the current safe zone.

---
Perhaps this is why Peter Jameson has it in for the "Thargoids", because they are Guardians and he is the civilian AI trying to finish the job?





So, basically depending on your take, humanity made a pact with the and that explains pretty much up to current era. The question: Is he the Devil or the nice old (actually ridiculously ancient) barman we all know and (mostly) love. I guess we'll find out.

Last edited: Nov 21, 2023