Raz Griffin
Nov 21, 2023
#32,129
Louis Calvert said:
As much as this all tracks for me, I can't see how Raxxla (as expressed in the idea of the Omphalos Rift) fits in to any of this? I just can't see where Raxxla might appear, I guess I mean I can't see the 'hole' in this particular thought experiment that would be neatly filled by "an alien artefact, the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed."
I have an idea that might help you fit the pieces together, based in simple logic.
If Raxxla was a natural phenomenon why there's not plent of it? Unless Raxxla is a supermassive blackhole every natural thing in the galaxy has a multitude of presence, even GGGs and Void Hearts;
If Raxxla was human tech how come its development was never leaked at any point in history? It may not sound odd but if you look at technology in our history, even the top-secret and very sensitive ones, got spied out by foes such as the atomic bomb, radar, stealth... and are you noticing a pattern here? Why wasn't it ever weaponized (because if it was we would certainly have a lot more details about it than we do now) since literally every technology developed by humans was first used as weapon before being used to anything else? Technology is not created by coincidence, you're aiming to achieve something, then why nobody else developed a similar tech following the same purpose (what ever it could be) over the course of years?;
Those are some objective and simple questions something big as Raxxla should be filtered in before any investigation, imo. So it's safe to assume it's not a natural thing neither it is of human origin, again imo.

We can't reach the center bubbles of GV and Hen2-333 either by limitations in our current FSD tech or by PF lockout (which i already stated i don't think is the case because of the error messages when trying to jump) but it could've been possible using the Type-2b drive that was common until 3297 and could reach +600ly jump range in big ships, theoretically allowing humans to reach there and learn about its secrets long before other expeditions such as Melville's and Ram Tah's.

How does Raxxla may be related to Guardians? Somehow the Guardian AI outlived its creator and is nowhere to be found. My hypothesis is that this AI managed to create a device or mechanism inside this region for whatever purpose it had and uses it to remain hidden, maybe even created a new civilization with the guardians that supported it (history says otherwise but that history was written by someone and told by some other one - if you want to stay hidden you might want people to believe you're dead). Maybe we are this new civlization, maybe the part of Raxxla we contacted was a gateway used to reach the now human region and we bumped into it at some point while some part of the elitists in the galaxy keep contact with our "creators" to continue leading human kind towards what ever purpose there is to go.. which leads to the second point:

Louis Calvert said:
The key is covert; Whoever controls Raxxla has been secretly using its power to dominate humanity secretly, presumably for centuries.

Really what immediately springs to mind for me is the Pilot's Federation (or at least a sub-faction thereof).
If you think about it, being truly covert doesn't mean you're in the most sophisticated, isolated and secure hideout, it may sound effective (and may be) but not on the long term and it would restrict your reach/power significantly.

In order to be really covert you must be in plain sight and stablish control. You have to be part of the daily life nobody pays attention to and everybody relies on. Let me give you some examples:
Hey i'm unable to fly a ship, i need to be licensed first and if i step outside the rules i'll become space dust.
Hey i have to turn my ship on, let me scroll through the interface.
Hey this organization has been gathering stellar data for a while now, what does it do with it?
Hey i cannot go to this system, why?
Hey i need to access this historic data, who has control over it?
Hey i gotta know what's happening in the world, let me tune in the news.

So forth and so on, i think the game may very well lead some of the players into this kind of questioning which also applies to our real world. Powerful organizations, elitists, hidden cults, strange tech and science leaps..

There's a song that makes a reference to this. It has some verses that goes like this "Who really heard the song, who decided it was on tone, who split the world in two, who has chosen what's good and evil, who tried and didn't like it, who decided whats ugly, who defined everything was normal".

We usually don't question the reality we live in, we are too busy trying to live what's been milestoned to us and when we question the theater we watch everyday, when we think outside of the boundaries of the world created to us we are deemed crazy. Maybe the game filters out people who can't think through this, maybe it's necessary to question the box we've been raised into and connect the dots in the big picture.
Last edited: Nov 21, 2023
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, El Saico, Shadowsnog and 1 other person