Jorki Rasalas
Saturday at 8:20 PM
#35,689
Jorki Rasalas said:
To boldy split infinitives and tinfoil our little brains into quantum entanglements!

Edit
Both DB and MB said Raxxla was in game from the outset (well. Gamma). MB later added (see my FD quotes thread):
It is something in-game (not text) and very hard to find
It is not a random thing
Anyone can find it, and more than once.

So yes, it is both in-game accessible, with lots of luck and a blue moon!
Ee lad, but the search has driven me to drink!!
Click to expand...
Mmm, I have been googling again
I finally found the source of those statements by MB: https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/gamma-2-secret-added.71798/

It was suggested that those statements might also be applicable to Voyager in Sol, so perhaps not Raxxla!!??
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/major-clue-s-on-raxxla-and-how-to-locate-it.579282/page-2

I did note that MB did not confirm that he was referring to Voyager, so it could still be Raxxla he was talking about...I do wish someone from FDev would give us a little Xmas present and tell us what is and what is not pertinent to Raxxla. This confusion is decidely offputting!

Edit
So, at the moment I think the only things we can rely on wrt RAXXLA are:
It is in game:
DB confirmation to Drew Wagar
MB interview with DJTruthsayer: “It’s in the Milky Way, but I can’t tell you where at this stage, it’s a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves” and “you have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious so people know what they’re doing”

Forum Q: founder's world name?...Shinrarta Dezhra... I'm a tiny little bit disappointed they didn't call it Raxxla - A: (MB) “Raxxla is something different”
(MB) in answer to the forum post "Legacy was billed in the Kickstarter campaign as a sequel to The Dark Wheel, however, I was expecting more of a direct follow up ...There was a throwaway reference to Raxxla near the beginning of the story but... " MB did explicitly respond “It was more of a spiritual successor than a direct sequel. We did look at a story involving Raxxla, but felt that was a story that should be played out in game rather than as a novel.”


(DB) Beyond - Chapter Two - Launch Livestream 13 mins 48: “Does Raxxla exist? There’s an interesting one. What a silly question, of course....You don’t know what it is though!”

Beyond - Chapter Four - Exploration Reveal18Oct2018 Will Flanagan (CM) with Adam Woods (Exec Producer) & Adam Bourke-Waite (Senior Designer). @1:29:58 AB-W said “that thing we haven’t shown” (i.e. Raxxla codex entry) “there’s elements of that that are probably my favourite parts of this”.
m.youtube.com/watch?v=rtmmmP_waf4&list=PL7glm5rbPHKw5-Bx_eQuz3SX7-dyAiyJh&index=9&pp=iAQB

And the Codex entries with various bits of prose and a logo/pictogram/map/thingy, all of which may or may not be true/relevant.



Edit2
Since I found they were in-game as type SmallBody then I've thought a comet could be a good fit for "tiny little bit obvious", particularly the Pareco comet being highlighted by 6 orbiting stations....
Last edited: Tuesday at 7:55 AM