Zimous
Saturday at 7:05 PM
#35,685
Rochester said:
Is Raxxla physically in game and accessible?

Maybe… DB said it was in the game, MB said it was in the galaxy; Arthur Tolmie said ‘it’s out there and has been for some time’…. And there is a codex promoting it… so likely yes it is. Because omitting the codex makes more sense if it is not, because the Codex is promoting it.

The codex also builds upon the mythos giving additional data which was never in game previously, advocating a physical relationship and a passage of time…

is it in game but not accessible?

Maybe, it could be an environmental aspect or it could be narratively locked or some type of foreshadowing?

DB was prone to hyperbole, and talked about things that never transpired; MB and AT were both cryptic, and could have been talking about things which were temporal; the codex might just be very literal and a method of resolving historical loose threads!

No one knows for certain. But certainly no one here is delusional O7.

What I know is, I’m pretty certain ‘something’ in game, I’m pretty certain that - whatever it was, had a environmental link to various locations in game, and these can be interpreted to correlate to concepts of a very large cosmology, which itself could correlate to a spatial map, advocated by the codex…

Am I projecting… could be, although I am qualified and I’m pretty certain what I found is real…is that currently linked to Raxxla, or is it archeological? Who knows, it might be totally fictional or even irrelevant…

But it was fun discovering it…do I think it will lead to Raxxla… it might, it might not, but I think everyone here has identified some pretty astonishing things, probably at FD disgruntlement…

And that’s why we quest, to explore.
Click to expand...
It's quite possible that it's in the game, but just locked for the time being. Perhaps technical limitations prevented FDev from opening it to the public, or just lack of time and resources. As for the Codex the article on Raxxla clearly compares Raxxla to other myths such as Atlantis, basically saying it's just legends and rumors to make you go look for it. There's nothing like the human imagination, they feed us a few rumors and cryptic messages and we compeled to look and search for it. If that was their point, they couldn't just deny Raxxla being a real thing, it would kill the myth altogether. However if you are evasive about it and avoid talking about it altogether (in a decade there's very few quotes we can find on this matter) you allow the myth to grow and expand in the players minds.

But I have to admit, even if it's all just a myth created by FDev to spice up the game lore, it's still fun looking for it (or was in my case). So if that was their intention I guess it works, although I would much rather have the real thing ingame, or at the very least get invited to The Dark Wheel and be fed leads to investigate.

Oh well, perhaps one of you here will succeed where everyone else failed and finally find Raxxla and share it to the world.
Reactions:
selbie