Jorki Rasalas
Saturday at 6:06 PM
#35,683
Rochester said:
Is Raxxla physically in game and accessible?

Maybe… DB said it was in the game, MB said it was in the galaxy; Arthur Tolmie said ‘it’s out there and has been for some time’…. And there is a codex promoting it… so likely yes it is. Because omitting the codex makes more sense if it is not, because the Codex is promoting it.

The codex also builds upon the mythos giving additional data which was never in game previously, advocating a physical relationship and a passage of time…

is it in game but not accessible?

Maybe, it could be an environmental aspect or it could be narratively locked or some type of foreshadowing?

DB was prone to hyperbole, and talked about things that never transpired; MB and AT were both cryptic, and could have been talking about things which were temporal; the codex might just be very literal and a method of resolving historical loose threads!

No one knows for certain. But certainly no one here is delusional O7.

What I know is, I’m pretty certain ‘something’ in game, I’m pretty certain that - whatever it was, had a environmental link to various locations in game, and these can be interpreted to correlate to concepts of a very large cosmology, which itself could correlate to a spatial map, advocated by the codex…

Am I projecting… could be, although I am qualified and I’m pretty certain what I found is real…is that currently linked to Raxxla, or is it archeological? Who knows, it might be totally fictional or even irrelevant…

But it was fun discovering it…do I think it will lead to Raxxla… it might, it might not, but I think everyone here has identified some pretty astonishing things, probably at FD disgruntlement…

And that’s why we quest, to explore.
Click to expand...
To boldy split infinitives and tinfoil our little brains into quantum entanglements!

Edit
Both DB and MB said Raxxla was in game from the outset (well. Gamma). MB later added (see my FD quotes thread):
It is something in-game (not text) and very hard to find
It is not a random thing
Anyone can find it, and more than once.

So yes, it is both in-game and accessible, with lots of luck and a blue moon!
Ee lad, but the search has driven me to drink!!
Last edited: Saturday at 6:14 PM
Reactions:
Cmdr Walt71, Jason70, Rochester and 1 other person