Jorki Rasalas
Jul 27, 2021
#24,039
rOmiLaYu said:
I believe I have, but wouldn't swear to it. I have been to all three Project Dynasty sites as well as the Zurara and am based out of Jameson....so it would stand to reason that upon returning, I would have sold the data there. But even if I had, I wouldn't have sold it to TDW as they don't own Jameson. TPF does, right? So maybe selling it to the land base might trigger something? Although, I have to wonder what, if any, connection Project Dynasty has to the TDW and why they (TDW) would want data regarding it.
I’m based in Jameson Memorial too and normally sell exploration data there unless I’m trying to rank up with a faction. But it struck me that this might be the reason why TDW only has an out-of-the-way surface base; you have to make an extra effort to go there to sell to them. But I am unsure about the need to actually sell the data there, IMO it’s a logical link but there is no evidence in the data archive that the selling location is stored. Have you been to visit their base since you visited all twelve Dynasty bases? And it would be rather unfair to all the players who had visited the sites but sold elsewhere.

Project Dynasty is The Club’s big secret that TDW were trying to uncover, it’s the basis for the Reclamation and Premonition storylines. So it might make sense for them to be interested in the settlement logs data. Plus the journey to get all the site logs is long and dangerous & could therefore fit the membership requirements “only a handful of the bravest and most competent pilots of each generation are honoured with an invitation to join”. FD put a lot of effort into putting these assets in-game, so it makes sense for them to form the basis for the membership test. IMHO!

As a hypothesis it has some merit, it brings together TDW lore, their existence in Shinrarta (& therefore lore requirement for Elite rank), and the hypothesised in-game trigger mechanism (for which we have no evidence, just a logical likelihood). But to test it properly would need a new account to visit them all and only sell the data at Neuman Camp. I’m not going to do that, I’ve put a lot of effort into my two accounts and visiting the sites that I’ve been to, & with the Odyssey debacle I’m not sure if I’m going to continue playing in the long term. I dont think my second account has been to any of them, but it’s still a big effort to undertake. My main account is in Hawking’s gap on the way to the bases there. I’ll sell the data at Neuman Camp and see if it triggers anything.
Reactions:
rOmiLaYu