Rochester
Jul 25, 2021
#24,027
Emperor said:
So…

it’s been a while since Raxxla was confirmed as being in the milky way etc…

What’s the worst theory you’ve heard? (Personal opinion and should not matter who said it as they are all equally valid as we don’t know what we’re looking for!)

What’s the best/most probable theory in your opinion?

and finally….

What theory have you spent the most time on and why did you abandon it? (if you have!)

looking forward to Jorki’s answers
Click to expand...

What’s the worst theory you’ve heard?

This is a tricky one, because no one has any evidence either way, so any theory could be relevant to a point, until there is sufficient evidence to dissuade you it’s false.

Initially I would say the worst is my own theory, that Raxxla is part of some planned narrative content drop. Primarily because such a theory is so disheartening.

Every positive indicator gives the impression Raxxla or it’s location at least, is in game.

DB confirmed it’s in game, as has MB and recently the CM, it’s described as having a location, and that the ‘pay off ought to be huge’…

Yet these same statements, when combined with FD behaviour do introduce a level of doubt, that it also could just as easily be somehow unobtainable, or involved with the larger narrative to unlock it; or that the mystery is simply a compilation of arbitrary references with no real correlation.

MBs statements Ive always interpreted as intentionally vague, but there was a pattern to his dialogue and body language which marries with other statements, which could align them with narrative elements, which introduces a level of suspicion and the hypothesis that such statements may allude to it being narrative driven.

Then there is DBs and recently CM statements which can be interpreted as corporately deflective, noncommittal or even dismissive, which feeds in additional doubt.

This combined with FDs general modus operandi to release content over time, and drop content into areas in which previously there wasn’t content, gives one an unsettling impression, that Raxxla will only be accessible when FD have hit the relevant narrative point.

So yes my own theory is my own pet hate, because it’s the ever present dought which weighs against every potential alternative.

Another theory I’ve tired of is that Raxxla is tied to some form of unknown game mechanism, or a complex combination of known mechanisms.

FD have to date, consistently identified an inability to utilise such mechanisms creatively, therefore it only stands to reason, such use of mechanisms albeit desirable and logical, simply is improbable. Because if it were in game, why had FD not exploited such a mechanism throughout their game, to make it more complex and interesting?

What’s the best/most probable theory in your opinion?

That Raxxla is somewhere relatively local, and that the Codex gives an indication of the general area, based on dates and Tau Ceti system as a starting point, and that it could very easily be within a system we’ve already visited, but not fully explored.

Another is that the path to Raxxla is tied directly to the real Dark Wheel station; and it is this silent running station which will provide additional clues towards finding Raxxla. That a variant of the older DW missions exist there and it is these which will provide some form of key stone to better interpret the Raxxla Codex, or at least provide the first step.

What theory have you spent the most time on and why did you abandon it? (if you have!)

First off no theory is ever abandoned, it informs either your ongoing assumptions and can act as a good base to reflect upon and encourage critical thinking, or thinking out of the box.

For myself I’ve been looking into identifying behavioural traits, and relationship links which could inform the inspiration for where Raxxla may be.

Every now and then I do run into an intelligence gap, or notice my hypothesis are spiralling down a rabbit hole. When this occurs I take a break, and look for alternatives and do some reading to understand different perspectives and either cement or disprove my own hypothesis.

Currently I am retreading links to John Milton and Paradise Lost, and the song of the silent spheres; Milton’s blindness (eyes to see) and looking for correlations between Philip Sidney, Mary Sidney and Lady Mary Worth; Princesses, spiralling stars; Urania and the use of obscure ‘geographical locations’ within Milton’s work.

I am by no means a theologian, so any religious context has been completely ignored. Looking instead for names, locations and relationships.

E.g. Beyond Urania was a Crystalline sphere, then the Primum Mobile an opaque spherical shell(!).

Someway off from this hard material shell was an aperture at its apex, Lucifer landed someway off from this ‘first convex’ described as ‘Terra firma’, (the outer sphere not Earth) and found himself upon a ‘boundless continent, dark, waste and wild’, after exiting his ‘causeway’ or ‘viaduct’; after which he travels through the other spheres and lands upon a particular mountain range on Earth.

This outer sphere or ‘outer rim’ is also the location of the ‘paradise of fools’, which Milton references a number of times, especially in one instance using the term ‘vagabond’.

According to John Milton, a golden ladder descended from the Empyrean through this apex and a Jasper Sea. Said golden ladder is the same as Jacobs ladder. Jacob dreamt of this ladder whilst resting/ sleeping upon a Baetylus stone (or Omphalos).

https://cosmologik.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/dante_monde_duprat_une.jpg



Image: Dante’s World by Guillaume Duprat 2015.



Image: Miltons Astronomy, The Astronomy of Paradise Lost, by Thomas N Orchard MD 1913.
Last edited: Aug 2, 2021
Reactions:
Han_Zen and simulacrae