Jorki Rasalas
Oct 5, 2018
#3,819
ModishNouns said:
One problem you have is that taking Gleise-Colonia as Jacques *intended* trajectory you go nowhere near Beagle. The line never gets closer than about 24000 ly from BP. I haven't checked for systems at that point but at Y-2000ly below the plane there aren't going to be any. This line drops through the bottom of the galaxy long before getting to the rim.

Jacques is significantly off course where it lies today.

Is there a canonical reason for Jacques malfunction? Sagittarius A seems the most obvious obstacle on a straight run from bubble to Beagle.

Seem to remember from Galnet that it was a misjump due to the surreptitious delivery of large quantities of UA/TS.
There may have been some hint in his early messages of goid interference if I remember correctly; I’ve had my suspicions about Jaques ever since, but got allied with him when I travelled out there couple of weeks ago & didn’t find any hint of strange missions etc.

edit: Frank Heinrich is your friend! http://ed.frank-heinrich.net/index.php?title=Galnet_Collection_News_Articles
I smell fish!! See Galnet freelance report 20May3302 Attempt to Sabotage Jaques Station Thwarted. Attempt by members of “The Hands of the Architects” to sabotage Jaques’ fsd in order to cause a misjump on his journey from Gliese 1269 to Beagle Point so they might meet Halsey’s “Architects”. And who was this article submitted by? Our very own Jaiotu! Do we have a Dark Wheel mole (or perhaps the founding member of “The Hands of the Architects”? he obviously has inside information!) in our band of merry Rifters Raxxlers??? Clearly this was the inspiration if not the direct cause of the misjump! calling George Smiley, paging Mr Smiley!

Edit2: Galnet 30June3302 Jaques Speaks: "As for what happened, well...I guess it was a little ambitious to try to jump all the way to Beagle Point. As soon as I entered witch-space, it was clear something was up with the drive engines. And the navigation system. And the power distributor."

"Pretty soon I realised I had a choice – push on to Beagle Point and arrive as a cloud of shrapnel, or drop into the nearest safe system. I made the only choice I could – to push on. Then I came to my senses and decided to drop into Eol Prou RS-T d3-94."

So if Jaques took a conscious decision to drop out at his current position then it is unlikely to be related in any way to Raxxla.

edit3: cant find it in the galnet archive, nor in the LP/UCB list, but convinced there were reports of some suspicious (hinting at external goid/architect involvement, “they sing then they find you”) garbled messages from Jaques before that 30June3302 galnet article which changed the tone. Perhaps FD changed the storyline again? P.S. Googled it: Ah yes, MadDogMurdock had it, https://forums.frontier.co.uk/showt...ques-Mystery?p=4288468&viewfull=1#post4288468, Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 Herald - 03 June
Last edited: Oct 5, 2018
Reactions:
rOmiLaYu