Cmdr Shijima
Sep 7, 2018
#3,403
I never thought Cone Sector was about Raxxla. Agree with Scytale that the Raxxla storyline is independent from Thargians ... at least for now.

I also anticipated Thargoid activity in Cone Sector based on the Galnet warnings, so my beef is not with the attack on Gnosis (that bit is perfectly fine in terms of the pew-pew narrative). I do however feel cheated that the Gnosis didn't even make the jump all because Frontier had screwed up their permit-locking a while back. I've heard it said as well (by Dreamstate I believe) that Canonn were complicit in the plan, albeit somewhat later on when FDev told them it simply wasn't possible, so for that the Gnosis should burn (I'll happilly sacrifice my DBX docked onboard) - I'll accept that could be a case of misinformation in the forums though.

Did I expect to find something in Cone Sector? Actually, no. I figured it would be just as empty as the rest of the galaxy and the best we could hope for was some first discoveries and perhaps some unusual celestial phenomena. Would even have been nice to get a picture of that region of space from an unseen vantage point. For me it was more about the emergent nature of Canonn doing something 'different', in the same way Drew Wagar tried something different with the Salome narrative. This is an aspect of the game that for me, Frontier *repeatedly* fail to utilise. I really do question the design direction of the game and how much oversight/involvement David Braben actually has.

Sure, the alien stuff is cool when you first see something new, but then it always seems to stagnate very quickly and the game resorts back to its staple of pew-pew and CG grind. There seems to be very little or even glacial development of the narrative and any game play mechanics around that! In some ways I wish they would find a way to support modding of sorts, so that interested parties in the community could create their own missions. Wouldn't even necessarily need asset modding, just the ability to build mini stories linked with missions and locations around the galaxy for people to engage with.

Anyway, hungover today and losing my train of thought now so don't want to waffle on any further. It's testament to this thread that I feel I can air my views with you guys and not have it lost in the sh*t slinging that's happening over on the official thread (okay, I too slung a little bit of it myself in the disappointment of the immediate aftermath).

o7
Reactions:
Spaceman Si and Scytale