Dox Paradox
Sep 19, 2024
#34,874
Rochester said:
I as much as anyone appreciate the work done on the landscape signal concept but…with respect.

I find the logistics of separation between this evident element and locations indicated in the codex, to be too distant!

Such a separation in key information makes no sense.

In the codex there is an evident locational clue in respect of Tau Ceti; there is also a temporal clue in respect of 2296!

In the codex the reference to Cora comes home drunk, is likely a reference to the myth of Demeter and Persephone!

In the codex there reference to Atlantis and the Cities of Gold is likely a reference to the ‘Lost Realms’ zone!

Again the various allusions in the text conspire there to be a link to MB’s Legacy, based in Artemis, as does the Brookes Tours, which equally pass through that zone!

It’s evident then the codex is telling us to focus efforts in the bubble, if this were not the case why provide such information, if i concerns a signal at the centre of the galaxy, which can be heard at any point in space?!

No - I do not believe it’s the objective.

I suspect it’s linked, or maybe an Easter egg, but such distances surely allow for too much interpretation!
Click to expand...
Yes, it's too far away, for what we know.
The Codex certainly provides clues, but it almost certainly also provides simple stories to flesh out the universe or purely for fan service.
The reference to Cities of Gold and Atlantis might have been used to provide a known reference to the reader, an order of magnitude of the myth.
I'm not saying it's the case, only that it's possible.

At that point, if whatever we are looking for is hidden in the Bubble, then it is a badly designed mystery that relies purely on the sheer size of the universe to hide a needle, not in a stack, but in hundreds of solar systems.
I CAN'T be sure of course but on one hand, we have something tangible (albeit we don't know exactly what), on the other hand, we have speculations that have led nowhere (for now! I'm not saying we shouldn't do it either).
And let's not rule out that the signal source MIGHT lead back to somewhere in the Bubble, to finally find what was unfindable (a door that is also a key?)

Anyway, the best course of action is to pursue the search from several angles, probably! Until a firm and verifiable base is assessed.