Louis Calvert
Sep 18, 2024
#34,861
Virtual Yoda said:
What if it is the view point that matters,

We are looking at the signal as the thing that is important, but what if the system you are looking at it from matters more that the signal itself.
You have the rough location, but what if the prospective matters, they said the systems form part of a diamond, but from what perspective.

Can the systems that make up the lines (maybe even some more that have so far been ignored) been seen from a prospective that then makes the diamond look more like a hexagon?



Click to expand...
I think you make a great point. Maybe there is a 'correct viewing angle'?

Credit where it's due: The Independent Raxxla Hunters group did all this work, I just verified it and made these images for my own research to make sure the data I was using was right.

This is a 3D image I made of the nearby systems:
The Yellow and Green stars are the ones used by IRH as reference points, they concluded the LS source is within the volume created by those points. The Red dot is the approximate location of the Landscape Signal Source suggested by Canonn members using a different method. I verified it using my own (less precise) methods to somewhere around there too - conclusion is that the LS source is somewhere near that red dot (which on this diagram is placed approx .6ly outside of Stuemeae JM-W C1-5825). For reference as others have tried and I've verified, you can't fly to it, it's outside the system instance, but by triangulating the signal strength from other systems you can tell it originates from somewhere around that point.


The below image is the 2d version of that with labels.

FYI the distances between stars here is literally about 2ly on average - this whole volume of space is tiny.

I used all this and then did a lot of testing and by now hundreds of hours of recordings from every direction (I basically did galactic East, West, South, North, Up, and Down) looking as the LS from nearby stars along those cardinal lines and tried various oblique angles and things, and I can say that if there is any difference from general directionality, it's almost undetectably subtle.

I have sometimes found what I think might be slight improvements in the signal quality from some angles, but they're within what I consider the tolerances of the recording methods we have access to, and repeating it is hard at those tiny tolerances because of the aforementioned background noise clashing issue - therefore, basically there is no difference that I've been able to detect (doesn't mean there isn't one though!)

You suggest there might be specific systems or angles that might get some specific result, and I really like that idea. I didn't think of that and haven't tried it.

The question is... which systems?

Thinking this through for discussion points:
The Hexagon from the logo could be repeated at any scale, and the LS can be detected anywhere in the Galaxy, so those six systems might be on the outer rim of the galaxy, or they might be the stars right next to the LS source.
The stars are so dense in the centre of the galaxy that I'm 100% sure you could create a pretty regular hexagon around the LS easily - actually more than one, I'm sure you could do it many times using many different stars.
I like the idea, but if that's a solution that there must be some way to narrow down a way to do that, the possibilities are too vast.