Rochester
Sep 18, 2024
#34,867
Neestar said:
ok so since i only purchased the "entire" game 5 months ago as 'Elite Dangerous: ODYSSEY' , then i'm just permanantly defaulted into that version.

Which is fine of course but then my next question is: Am i missing anything by not ever swapping into 'Horizons' or 'Legacy' version?
No.
Neestar said:
Like for example could i miss out on RAXXLA related content or old Dark Wheel missions/rewards, materials, & such ? And would any of that carryover into my 'Odyssey' defaulted version anyway?
Everything is carried over, EDO is technically the base game, everything else are just previous versions. Except 4.0 which essentially is just EDO but with all the on foot mechanics took out (as it’s buggy and not everyone can run it).
Neestar said:
ok right but so then this is why my grand "discovery" of The Dark Wheel faction system the other day wasn't anything really to get excited about at all , eh?

Sort of a bummer , but oh well. ( i still grinded to green Allied status there anyway for fun )

whoa awesome ! Like an epic Community goal/war type situation? Are there any old forum threads ( stickied ) about this historcal time in EliteD ?
Loads probably but FD scrub forum threads, especially those really old ones linked to historical content, or they try and hide them
Neestar said:
One of my pilot buddies ingame ( who is a vet of this game ) told me the other day he still has one of those 'Trinket' quest reward things. But he has zero interest in RAXXLA at all. ( he's strictly a hardcore PVP'er ) -- So now i'm wondering if they are droppable/tradeable ?
--------------------
They are, they can be obtained still. FD did not scrub them for some unknown reason. It is an unknown if they have any function.

A support ticket was raised to clarify this and it stated they were indeed linked to the removed missions ‘story’ but now they probably are nothing more than a curiosity?

It probably would be advantageous to grab one. I’m in the process of obtaining one.

Neestar said:
Also, side note: i was looking again at the RAXXLA 'hexagram' symbol image ... There are 6 black polygons around the outer edges, yeah? Well, there's also 6 letters in the word R-A-X-X-L-A . And, in the middle of that image , there are 3 broken curved lines around that tiny black dot in middle. Well, 'The Dark Wheel' = 3 words . i dunno...random thought i guess. ( sorry if this was already discussed ad nauseum within this now 1700+ page thread )
Everything is permitted here 07. We constantly go over old theory as everyone provides a fresh perspective.
Reactions:
Neestar