Neestar
Sep 18, 2024
#34,866
Rochester said:
Regards generally playing the game on PC you ought to have some type of a desktop launcher, I can’t honestly say as I’ve not played ED on PC since EDO was launched so cant confirm how it all looks now?

But it ought to give you an option of a drop down list which shows all iterations of ED you have access to. You get to choose which one to launch. The most recent ought to be at the top by default, depending on what you bought.

It means they ( 'ED:LEGACY' ) are on a different server to you and playing the older version of the game. To my knowledge you won’t be able to play with them as ED is not cross play.
ok so since i only purchased the "entire" game 5 months ago as 'Elite Dangerous: ODYSSEY' , then i'm just permanantly defaulted into that version.

Which is fine of course but then my next question is: Am i missing anything by not ever swapping into 'Horizons' or 'Legacy' version?

Like for example could i miss out on RAXXLA related content or old Dark Wheel missions/rewards, materials, & such ? And would any of that carryover into my 'Odyssey' defaulted version anyway?
Rochester said:
FD did gift certain systems or planets ‘names’ to various Cmdrs as gifts. It’s only a naming iteration, said person doesn’t actually own nor have control over anything.
ok right but so then this is why my grand "discovery" of The Dark Wheel faction system the other day wasn't anything really to get excited about at all , eh?

Sort of a bummer , but oh well. ( i still grinded to green Allied status there anyway for fun )
Ian Doncaster said:
"Lave Radio Network" is one of the player-named factions (and, as one of the earliest-added ones where Frontier really hadn't thought through the rules yet, were given placement in a lore-significant system)

They took control of the system through normal BGS processes from an Alliance faction who really didn't want to give it up, leading to a big fight in mid-2018 which temporarily caused Lavian Brandy to be unavailable - and therefore, Didi Vatermann being really difficult to unlock for the new players of the time.
whoa awesome ! Like an epic Community goal/war type situation? Are there any old forum threads ( stickied ) about this historcal time in EliteD ?
Dox Paradox said:
Did anyone try to approach the signal while carrying a Trinket of hidden fortune?
One of my pilot buddies ingame ( who is a vet of this game ) told me the other day he still has one of those 'Trinket' quest reward things. But he has zero interest in RAXXLA at all. ( he's strictly a hardcore PVP'er ) -- So now i'm wondering if they are droppable/tradeable ?
--------------------
Also, side note: i was looking again at the RAXXLA 'hexagram' symbol image ... There are 6 black polygons around the outer edges, yeah? Well, there's also 6 letters in the word R-A-X-X-L-A . And, in the middle of that image , there are 3 broken curved lines around that tiny black dot in middle. Well, 'The Dark Wheel' = 3 words . i dunno...random thought i guess. ( sorry if this was already discussed ad nauseum within this now 1700+ page thread )
Last edited: Sep 18, 2024