Vetinari
V
Aug 1, 2019
#10,116
To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts."

The jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies - agree probably the Universe itself is the mother. The jewel is probably Raxxla itself (historical example El Dorado the City Of Gold, doesn't mean they know where it is, its just poetry.)

To the whisperer in witchspace - either they know these 'whispers' are real ie Thargoid attacks / hyper-dictions or its a toast to ghosts that don't exist as humour or just a toast to things they don't understand.

The siren of the deepest void - Sirens lured sailors onto rocks, never to return, its a lament to lost friends and many many people who have never returned from the hunt for Raxxla (far more poetic to say that sailor was lured to his death or met a gigantic sea-monster than just hit a reef or ran into a storm and disappeared, you know, the million and one ways for a ship to disappear without being attacked by monsters or lured into the deepest void by a woman, always a female at fault in these stories I notice. Old maps actually have sea-monsters on them because that's what they believed were there.)

The parents grief - the ones who lost children in the 'search for Raxxla'

The lovers woe - The ones who lost lovers searching for Raxxla

The yearning of our Vagabond Hearts - Nothing screams 'We don't know where it is!' like this line.

On a similar positive note has anybody tried searching the GalMap for other words like 'Wild' or 'Goose' or 'Chase'? Away from Xbox so can't check.

'There will be no clues' - there will be plenty of deliberate red herrings but 99.9% of them will be player created speculation and mis-reading or over-analysing things that don't exist. (my favourite past-time with this game so I'm not actually complaining but this thread is 500 pages long and sometimes chasing a red herring over 2 or 3 pages makes it harder to keep track of the right info is all. It is fun to speculate but not when its a bug necessarily)

'Keep our feet on the ground and we may just find it...with our heads in the clouds we'll fly right past it'. - Trad.
Reactions:
rOmiLaYu, [PS4] Filthymick420 and Scytale