Rochester
May 2, 2022
#26,165
Jorki Rasalas said:
This is one of the things that makes me hypothesise that it, and Raxxla, is in Sol from where humanity expanded out into the universe. One of the books said TDW are a bunch of elite explorers, so Shinrarta is also possible.
But why cant we find either???
Didnt Rochester get an FD response implying the station is not currently in-game?
I didn’t get a statement saying the DW station wasn’t in game; but rather one that when questioned specifically, alluded that the DW faction and invite weren’t, which is outlined somewhat within the codex also. To which FD said: ‘There are some factions and invites which may not be active yet, but may become active in future. Again, we cannot confirm the nature of these invitations’.

To reiterate the DW codex essentially states, you will never know if the DW contacts you as they never reveal their identity, even when your successful, you only are able to identify this by finding the FW station…

I’ve since proposed that if we logically combine this with Drew’s confirmation that FD told him (via the writers pledge) that the DW in SD was bogus (supported also by the codex) and later FD confirming to us that the DW missions were also removed - it’s a good probability that the DW faction/invite advertised in the codex is certainly currently not in game, but that doesn’t rule out the existence of the DW station.

The DW codex I propose then, is indicating a narrative element and also acts as a get-out clause allowing FD to essentially overwrite their own lore and explain away the removed DW mission content; but there exists the possibility the statements of FD (staff who may not have direct knowledge of the DW or may be relaying information third hand and not interpreting the question correctly) are totally unreliable, or our interpretations are flawed and bias.

Logic would dictate that to include the DW codex is evidence of an interactive element in game. However the text of the codex goes some way to contradict this, this is further supported by the statements made by FD…

I encourage FD to directly address this flim-flamery. But I suspect it suits their narrative.

MB confirmed very early on that the Mars relic was narrative in nature, FD generally also addressed Thargoids in the same manner, certainly never in the same regard that was applauded Raxxla and the DW, and appropriately I never went looking for them, because it was clear those were narrative in nature.

Raxxla and the DW are unique in their application in game so as to promote they do exist, yet evidence suggests they potentially don’t… currently. Following all lines of enquiry gives support that at least Raxxla is “out there” AT, but FD inconsistency in communication I find irksome.

It irks me. I am irked.

Last edited: May 3, 2022
Reactions:
yelboc, Macros Black and Jorki Rasalas