Edelgard von Rhein
E
Mar 18, 2019
#6,804
I have just returned from my journey to test whether performing deeds mirroring (my guess) the Eleusinian Mysteries attracts an invite from The Dark Wheel. TL;DR Nothing happened but it was a worthwhile journey.
.
I undertook all the tasks in the same ship (my Python, Beyond Twilight's Veil), in Open and without incurring any fines or bounties. Starting on Monday of last week in Putzi OPK's Heaven, Bohmshohm, I turned in all rewards at that station today, one week later (to within a couple of hours).
.
The three steps I took were:
dromena ('things done'). I turned in 2 MCr worth of bounties in Civitas Dei, not shooting down any ships belonging to the Low Profile Workshops faction.
deiknumena ('things shown'). I sold 16t of HR 7221 Wheat, 16t of Aganippe Rush, 16t of Terra Mater Blood Bores and 12t of The Waters of Shintara.
legomena ('things said'). I turned in about 134 MCr worth of exploration data, including two previously undiscovered Earth-like Worlds (I think, will double check, but going by the value of the data I got both and also a First Mapped on another - I encountered 6 or 7 Earth-likes in total). The highest-value system was worth over 22 MCr! (It had 9 terraformables ).
After completing these transactions, I was friendly with Civitas Dei and allied with Bohmshohm Coalition but received no other notifications.
.
Having seen a variety of hypotheses relating to The Dark Wheel and Raxxla, the ones that currently stand out to me are the similarities with the Greek Myths. For The Dark Wheel, this is the 'Hero(ine)'s Path' type of myth, with membership being granted to those who complete a set of tasks, whilst the search for Raxxla seems to me to be best matched to the Odyssey. That said, the Codex's description of The Dark Wheel makes it sound more like invitations are either given out by FDev or the result of rare procedural missions (by 'discreetly administered' I guess such missions are Tip-Offs or other mission types not given out on a mission board, such as the type you get from being in the same instance for 15 minutes or the Mission Signal Sources that have a ship asking for you to do/fetch something). I think what I have tried to do is more fun - it has not been a single rare mission (with little or no agency on the player's part) but I have had an adventure this last week, rather than just doing a mission to blow up X pirates or deliver X to Y. I am probably far too idealistic!
.
EDIT: some of the highlights from the journey:
SPOILER





Last edited: Mar 18, 2019
Reactions:
Macros Black, Rochester, yelboc and 1 other person