Louis Calvert
Jan 14, 2024
#32,996
selbie said:
The reason I said Gan is an unknown factor is because the lead writer I linked earlier stated there was nothing in the game which reflected Gan's final act:

Gan was linked in official lore to Halsey's vision - so if Raxxla is an "in-game component", then by Ian's logic he simply cannot be related to Raxxla. So there is a plot hole in the sense that FDev did not wrap it up by stating he was found like Halsey was, nor a capsule or body recovered. So technically from a narrative perspective he is still floating out there and it could mean the writer was telling a half-truth. Either Gan was a small narrative way to point to Raxxla and Ian confirmed there is nothing more about Gan specifically, or Gan's story was related to Guardian discoveries and has no further use.
I'm not sure I would interpret that the same way at all. I think it simply means "finding Gan was never supposed to be the goal of that narrative".

Exactly as we might say now about the recent Seo Jin-ay visiting Utopia article that 'finding Seo Jin-ay' isn't the goal of that narrative.

As I said, I think since they were already slashing resources to Galnet, removing 'off-camera' narratives was part of it - a part that was very easy to get some vocal folks on the forums to agree with. I don't want to comment on that aspect further though cos it'll get into a debate about whether Fdev were 'right', and I don't think that's productive here
selbie said:
Halsey's 3307 backflip does seem suspicious as though she had decided to dismiss her visions to bury any further inquiry. If she had a motive it would have been related to the important diplomatic work she did soon after at the Galactic Summit in Sirius. Despite Li Yong-Rui probably having a hand in all of that, I'm hesitant to make the leap that her sudden change was related to Raxxla. Before the Guardians were discovered in 3302, Halsey elaborated on her enlightened perspective:

What we know now of Guardian history has parallels with the "lesson" she was talking about here.
Say for example it was an exiled Guardian beaming these visions to her - they would know who their ancient genetic ancestors are, and would probably hope we can somehow learn from their lessons. So either Halsey's pod intercepted something or it was transmitted directly to her to help nudge humanity's decision makers in the right direction.
The other reason I hesitate to tie her to Raxxla, is because there are aspects of the Guardians that are still yet to be discovered - especially whatever unlocks the Regor sector.
Click to expand...
I would agree, except for all the other evidence we have that supports the idea that the Guardains weren't what Halsey wanted to find. It's just what was found while searching for whatever Halsey was looking for. Aside from all the stuff in my post there (which I think is pretty solidly conclusive) we have the Raxxla Codex, which also supports the idea of mystical, religious aspect to Raxxla - as you pointed out, and the Toast of the Dark Wheel, which literally mentions Sirens.

The ONLY other place Sirens as a word appears in the entirety of Elite Dangerous Lore (not system name) that I'm aware of is in the Formidine Rift Alpha Logs:
FORMIDINE RIFT ALPHA MISSION 5/6
Expedition Log: 07/10/3270

“I’m scared… help me someone… I can’t bear another jump. The lights in witch-space are coming for me, the lights… always the lights… they’re calling to me… a siren song… I must join them…”
And Drew Wagar explicitly stated that this is linked to Halsey.

Since he created the Rift mystery and was involved with creating all the text, I assume (reading between the lines) this is him giving us word-of-god knowledge about this connection.

"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void!
"the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!" = Raxxla, in the centre of the Galaxy. Because if you look at the Milky Way from anywhere near Sol you see it as a band across the sky - like a diadem spanning the sky. In the centre of a diadem (on the brow) might be a central jewel. Thus, the jewel that burns in the centre of the milky way. also, Omphalos Rift could easily be interpreted as a 'rift' at the centre of the galaxy.

Also, Gan's vision is described thus:
“Our analysts have recovered a few fragments of these recordings, which appear to have been part of a dream journal. In them, Romero makes repeated mention of seeing ‘an area of space, not black but radiant…glowing like heaven,’ and being called by ‘voices that didn’t come from anything with a body’.”
Radiant like a jewel. Glowing like heaven (the centre of the galaxy is brightly lit all the time). And of course, being called by bodiless voices is literally describing the Siren song.

"To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void!" = The trans-dimensional god-level beings Halsey encountered. Existing in Hyperspace, whispering (we all hear them). The Siren of the deepest void is the Landscape Signal that literally sounds like a haunting song coming from the centre of the galaxy - which also seems to 'whisper' to people, metaphorically.

Therefore, if Gan is linked to Halsey by the Lore, then that means Halsey and Gan's visions are version of the same thing. Since we'd already found Guardians and nothing at all matches, then this clearly means both Halsey and Gan were referring to something else.

We know from the Codex that Raxxla is a definite place - that doesn't mean planet at all. I can give you a GPS reference for an area 200m above sea level in the middle of the Atlantic and we can both agree that I'm defining a place.

I'm honestly expecting Raxxla to be a literal Rift in space, like a wibbly-wobbly tear, something like the Thargoid wake actually. I suspect that through that (in another universe) is probably a planet, a Ghost world, where the Caretakers live (or something like that) - and therefore Raxxla is both a planet, and not, and it's in another galaxy, and it's in the milky way, and it's hard to find, and it's a definite place... etc.

And also, as I said, I personally think these beings are the post-physical Constructs - the genocidal killers that used their power to completely eradicate an entire species instead of just leaving or helping them past their warlike ways, evolved by a few million years. The Constructs were literally insane. So in that sense yes, Halsey/Gan, etc. are also intrinsically linked to the Guardians and the continuation of that storyline, as you suggested
Last edited: Jan 14, 2024
Reactions:
Rochester and Bushido Brown