selbie
Jan 14, 2024
#32,989
Louis Calvert said:
Not really sure what you mean by unknown factor

Galnet explicitly linked Gan's visions with Halsey, it might be a red herring, but as we've said before, if there are red herrings then we're totally screwed, so let's assume there's not, and consider the lore-as-written details:


I don't think it matters whether he was found, I think the narrative was supposed to be "look; people have visions of this place, more than one person".

FYI: Gan's story had , it wasn't stopped. Fdev's announcement about the ending of off-camera narratives was more about the team writing them being re-tasked to Odyssey. It's also totally clear that off-camera narratives have been back for ages too (like Seo Jin-ae zooming around visiting people, the entire political stuff about the Empire succession, the Feds elections, to name but a recent few).
Click to expand...
Interesting. There is an odd URL error there. The link takes you to the 25 May article I mentioned, but the URL title states the 24 May.
Also Gan's story had not truly ended the way I had read the articles about him because the same scenario had happened with Halsey. She was lost, presumed dead, and it wasn't until Hudson actively undertook a search for her 8 months later that she was found and we got the hints of mystical visions. Alive or dead, her narrative was unequivocally resolved, but Gan's was not as decisive in my view.
The reason I said Gan is an unknown factor is because the lead writer I linked earlier stated there was nothing in the game which reflected Gan's final act:
The Gan Romero storyline was always envisaged as an off-camera narrative. The fact that some people assumed it had an in-game component, and went searching for Romero, was for me further evidence that off-camera GalNet stories could be detrimental to the player experience, and cemented our desire to ensure that all GalNet content related to things that were actually in the game.
Gan was linked in official lore to Halsey's vision - so if Raxxla is an "in-game component", then by Ian's logic he simply cannot be related to Raxxla. So there is a plot hole in the sense that FDev did not wrap it up by stating he was found like Halsey was, nor a capsule or body recovered. So technically from a narrative perspective he is still floating out there and it could mean the writer was telling a half-truth. Either Gan was a small narrative way to point to Raxxla and Ian confirmed there is nothing more about Gan specifically, or Gan's story was related to Guardian discoveries and has no further use.
Louis Calvert said:
Halsey is an interesting one because if you go back and read all her Galnet stuff, she had some very specific things to say, and it seems like the Guardian sites were found accidentally*; they certainly weren't what she was looking for!
The Codex itself actually says....
Halsey's 3307 backflip does seem suspicious as though she had decided to dismiss her visions to bury any further inquiry. If she had a motive it would have been related to the important diplomatic work she did soon after at the Galactic Summit in Sirius. Despite Li Yong-Rui probably having a hand in all of that, I'm hesitant to make the leap that her sudden change was related to Raxxla. Before the Guardians were discovered in 3302, Halsey elaborated on her enlightened perspective:
.... As a species we have learned nothing from our history. We plundered the Earth for its treasures, treating it with callous indifference, and now we stumble blindly into space in pursuit of wealth and glory. And all the while we are heedless of the damage we cause. We remain a violent species, unable to cooperate, and we are therefore deprived of the prosperity that true peace would bring.
What we know now of Guardian history has parallels with the "lesson" she was talking about here.
Say for example it was an exiled Guardian beaming these visions to her - they would know who their ancient genetic ancestors are, and would probably hope we can somehow learn from their lessons. So either Halsey's pod intercepted something or it was transmitted directly to her to help nudge humanity's decision makers in the right direction.
The other reason I hesitate to tie her to Raxxla, is because there are aspects of the Guardians that are still yet to be discovered - especially whatever unlocks the Regor sector.
Last edited: Jan 14, 2024
Reactions:
Emperor, Louis Calvert, Rochester and 1 other person