Rochester
Jan 14, 2024
#32,988
Darrack said:
According to Our creating story, The Ever Living Ones (which like other religions needs to be taken with a small pinch of salt) the Tuatha De Danaan are the decedents of the Children of Danu created by The Dagda and Brigid under the great oak Bile.
Danu (the divine waters) is widely considered to be the Danube so pretty much all Celts migrated from there.
The Children of Danu later fought the Fomorii on the plain of Towers during new year (Samhain or Halloween for you folks) to claim Inisfail.

O7
Yes exactly - it’s a fascinating history rich in context.

If we do accept the visions of the survivors of Starship One as being reflections of the various myths associated to The Tuatha Dé Danann, then we would need to map and cross reference these locations with those systems linked to that mythology to see if there is any direct link.

Within this concept I am accepting the opinion that any accusations of sabotage were wholly conspiratorial.

Tin-foil is unrolling…*edited

Within the information for Gan Romero, a Fort Dixon starship technician, he stole the ship from a Bjorn Lennox!

Bjorn - “bear”
Lennox - “with many elm trees" and "elm grove."

‘The name Lennox etymology, the elm tree, has long been associated with German and Celtic mythology with links to fairies, elves, and the underworld’.

Thats feels like a hint to me

Antares incident
Sirius to Luyten 205-128

Gan Romero incident
Fort Dixon starship technician of the Vega system.

Starship One incident

6 MAY 3301
The following systems announced as part of the tour - note there is no indication this is in any order, identification that a dozen other systems will also be visited, but not declared due to security reasons, so logically we don’t initially know which order they might have been in?

Hip 53688; Tinia; 78 Ursae Majoris; Su; Furuhjlem I-645; Saga; Delphin; Nanoman; Coriccha; Ross 860

09 MAY 3301
Announcement President Halsey to visit system of 78 Ursae Majoris. But this is only a statement, not a date of arrival.

13 May 3301
President Halsey starts tour from Sol. Again the same systems are named but it’s not confirmed if there is a definitive order to them?

15 May 3301
78 Ursae Majoris begin preparations for Halsey arrival. But no arrival date is announced.

25 May 3301
Halsey arrived in 78 Ursae Majoris, a private discussion was held between Halsey and Mahon but no indication about what. It was then stated Halsey was to continue onto the system Saga.

26 May 3301
Halsey does not arrive in Saga as planned. Then it’s confirmed she had taken an unscheduled detour to Azaleach.

27 May 3301
Halsey declared missing but no indication of where she might have gone. However at the end of the post a search and rescue team is assembled in Azaleach.

Conclusion
So the projected route is: Sol to 78 Ursae Majoris. Then 78 Ursae Majoris to Azaleach.

The images below show the projected path from 78 Ursae Majoris to Azaleach, the area of wreckage is shown in grey.





The following shows the projected path in comparison with the Morrigans.







The image below shows the centroid of the Morrigans, alongside the projected path of SSO with an average midpoint calculated



Assessments

The projected tour of Starship One probably is linked to the Antares and Gan Romero incidents, because not only are there repeated similarities, there is also a textual link established by FD in various Galnet articles during this period. Many of the systems on the tour were also to come into close proximity, however it never got to that.

Considering FD put-short the Gal Romero story it’s also probably to be a dead-end, or part of a larger narrative still underway.

The projected path from 78 Ursae Majoris to Azaleach does cut through the systems linked to the Morrigans. It’s possible there is a link based upon this spacial proximity.

It’s evident FD over emphasises this journeys importance by repeatedly mentioning the odd choice of 78 Ursae Majoris, the diversion being unplanned following a secret meeting between Halsey and Mahon (later redacted).

Assumptions

If there is a link to the Morrigans then the path of Starship One may indicate it intercepted some anomaly either near its start location close to the system Danu; or a destination close to the system Morrigan or someplace between them - close to the centroid of the Morrigans systems; but no definitive conclusion can be made at present.

If the story of Starship One is linked to Raxxla then I believe that based upon the textual allusion to similarities of the visions of Halsey to stories of an Otherworld; it at best maybe telling us to investigate this general area as a veiled hint, not necessarily the wreckage but in relation to the Morrigans systems, a structure which itself seems to be the highest element in the identified Milton/Holdstock cosmological model making it part of the Empyrean. It’s therefore likely the story of Starship One is actually irrelevant, and is only being utilised to highlight this area and concept.

Such a hint, given that part of the story may have been cut-short may only identify a general area of interest; it may not be specifying a singular location based upon the evident intelligence gaps, but of interest is that the wreckage cone is not focused around the system Azaleach, it is however offset, possibly indicating the path was diverted by something between the points of travel.

The story element about a secret meeting with Mahon, which was redacted by FD, may be an unconscious or direct admission of a wider conspiracy, but this cannot be directly confirmed at present.

Such intelligence gaps may identify that FD simply want players to stop over thinking things, and just investigate the area in a hope to enable discovery; if it is not it’s equally possible said stories are narrative markers, the dangers inherent there with the cutting-short certain elements raises suspicion and reduces reliability.

Generally there is an intelligence gap to support any clear line of enquiry except investigation of the cone of influence, but any such effort probably has a very low level of success (35-45%).

Lost Realms Assessment

In regards to various information concerning the Lost Realms hypothesis, which ties directly into the Codex’s reference to Atlantis, Cities of Gold etc the above destroyed ships have no direct association.

There might be some esoteric relation, based upon the positioning of the hypothetical ‘Milton/Holdstock’ cosmological model, and the concept of some Celtic/Saxon Otherworld being mixed with the Empyrean and these visions attributed to the surviving crews of the lost ships.

The location of the incident in relation to the Morrigan’s system Danu, ‘mother of all things’ - is right upon the outer rim of the identified zone of Chaos, and very close to the system Sheela Na Gig a pre-Christian entity linked to rebirth or mother goddesses.

This area may be associated to the West side of the Empyrean, if we trust the Greek wind compass. It’s also the correct area (west as opposed to east) where the system Fall is situated.

In Paradise Lost the character Chaos tells Satan that Paradise hangs from the same general area where his forces were expunged from heaven - the West gate.

Other than these assumptions there’s no other directional information.

This area is also home to the Norse system Jotnar, apart from the association with ‘giants’ Jotnar in Norse myth is also associated with the realm of the ‘other’ a place set apart from that of man and gods and the home of secret knowledge.

It is also known as Mount Jotnar which sits on the edge of heaven. This is one location for the Norse god Heimdall who is not in game, he lived in Himinbjǫrg "heaven's castle" and he guarded the Bifrost, which is in game at Alioth.

Likewise the origin point of Starship One is very close to Alioth, home of this planet Bifrost, this again may indicate some northern aspect of the heavens!

The image below shows the position of the Morrigans in relation to the zone of Chaos.

Last edited: Apr 4, 2024
Reactions:
Emperor, Louis Calvert, selbie and 1 other person