Rochester
Jan 14, 2024
#32,986
Louis Calvert said:
Not really sure what you mean by unknown factor

Galnet explicitly linked Gan's visions with Halsey, it might be a red herring, but as we've said before, if there are red herrings then we're totally screwed, so let's assume there's not, and consider the lore-as-written details:


I don't think it matters whether he was found, I think the narrative was supposed to be "look; people have visions of this place, more than one person".

FYI: Gan's story had , it wasn't stopped. Fdev's announcement about the ending of off-camera narratives was more about the team writing them being re-tasked to Odyssey. It's also totally clear that off-camera narratives have been back for ages too (like Seo Jin-ae zooming around visiting people, the entire political stuff about the Empire succession, the Feds elections, to name but a recent few).

Halsey is an interesting one because if you go back and read all her Galnet stuff, she had some specific things to say, and it seems like the Guardian sites were found accidentally*; they certainly what she was looking for!

The Codex itself actually says:

No-where does it actually say that Halsey was visited by post-Guardians or was looking for them, nor does it say that she definitely saw living Guardians at all, and the idea that she'd seen the past was 'speculation'. Now yes, it's possible to read it as "Halsey's story was about finding Guardians", but whoever wrote the Codex has been super careful not to actually say that.

Actually, if you compare the Galnet articles with the Guardian Codedx, no-where in the articles do they mention "mysterious alien worlds and cities", which is what the codex says. It's a very strange thing.

In fact, every part of Halsey's vision statements are framed more like a religious conversion than a search for alien . She also explicitly mentions . Not "alien worlds and cities". She specifically mentions super-intelligent beings times, and that's actually her goal, finding those beings... like... the Sirens of Raxxla, maybe.



Yes, the Guardians were found because Halsey called for a generalised mass exploration and (presumably) the data was supposed to reveal the Guardian sites - although Galnet at the time explicitly states the exact opposite:



And then later (after she'd gone into psychiatric care, and then apparently had more visions(?), worked as a peace activist, defected to the Alliance, then after a while simply stopped mentioning her visions and settled down to a more normal political career:


So, despite apparently actually finding the Guardian ruins due to Halsey's urge to explore (her fernweh...), they clearly weren't what she was looking for. Whether she really doesn't remember, or whether she's simply realised if she keeps talking about it she'll lose her career and everything else, who knows. It's also entirely possible (probable) that the sirens/caretakers/architects of creation are post-Guardian beings (probably the Constructs), which is why Halsey has been linked to the Guardians.

I honestly feel like maybe we've misinterpreted Halsey's story for ages. I think Gan's story was (if anything) intended to reinforce this narrative and tie into the Codex - for those with eyes to see, so to speak

This narrative is essentially: Something mystical (probably related to god-level alien beings) is calling people to a specific location that seems to present as 'heaven' or 'paradise' and is appealing to humans. This place is known as Raxxla (probably other things too), and is described and expressed in many different ways because it's filtered through different people's experiences - but they're all seeing the same place. This location is hard to reach, and for whatever reason the god-beings can't actually be more precise about it. It's likely to be a rip in reality, or a Clarke-tech artefact.

I suspect these beings exist outside the material universe (in witch-space), and therefore can do nothing more than nudge/guide people towards Raxxla, which manifests in people as dreams/visions/hearing voices, etc.

I believe this is represented in game by the Landscape Signal (which I think is more accurately called the Siren Song). I think the 'path to Raxxla' that we've all been searching for is intrinsically linked with 'mystical' lore of the game, and Halsey/Gan/FR crew/etc. are probably only the most obvious expressions of it.

Obviously could be wrong, and honestly am likely to be but I also don't think this idea is actually that far-fetched on the scale of some ideas presented in this hallowed thread!

*(I'm aware of all the stuff about players star-matching from the trailer, etc, that's not what I mean ).
Click to expand...
Many of these examples of instances of a mystical visions or even possibly abductions? in my opinion might share a similarity to those linked to various myths associated with The Tuatha Dé Danann.

This links into the interpretations of the Robert Holdstocks book Lost Realms, and the general concept that such entities - who supposedly were peoples/kings/queens of a pan-European migration circa 4-6,000+ years ago.

Due to the verbal history aspect, and contemporary abstraction, it’s difficult to ascertain any clear accuracy, but generally, they were depicted to have existed as Demi-gods; or supernatural beings; or as the Victorians interpreted, as fairies, but that they existing primarily within an otherworld which was described as a pan-dimensional Eden.

Again this ties into my Lost Realms concept. Do these visions tie into this mystical secret - I am ever more so now convinced that they do.



The Tuatha Dé Danann as depicted in John Duncan’s Riders of the Sidhe (1911)
Last edited: Jan 20, 2024
Reactions:
Emperor, Louis Calvert, Edelgard von Rhein and 1 other person