Edelgard von Rhein
E
Jan 14, 2024
#32,990
Emperor said:
View attachment 380921
So I tried flying out quite a way from other things in Barnard's Star .88LY (I was trying something out) then I thought I wonder if the landscape signal was any different/clearer being so far out... and I don't think so

But as I was playing around with various configurations in the Spectrogram settings (as I am no expert and just play with them and see if things get clearer or completely messed up! )...

Anyway some of the chirps seem to have definite markings/symbols and I wondered if anyone else thinks that.... and whether they are intentional or just the pictorial representation of the chirps?

....and then I also noticed something that looked a bit weird.... faint and possible letters? (the last red boxes to the right of the screen cap)...

Most likely caught a bad case of Rochester Apophenia.... but looks like something to me....

Anyone agree... and anyone understand the spectrogram settings enough to try and see if it can be made clearer or is it just random and I'm seeing things?

Here's a rubbish larger view:



And here a colour version many times from the recording... it's consistant...

Just a thought...

EDIT: almost forgot also saw this in the spectrogram...
Click to expand...
I am not sure how to determine what is and is not significant in spectrograms of the landscape signal but if you find that kind of detail interesting then I will share three of my recent observations:

The first spectrogram is one that I took earlier this week at Praesepe (thanks to Han Zen for bringing that up - I had not been there before!). This was recorded in a Dolphin with non-essential systems shut down. Note the detail in the vertical bars, resembling a punchcard.
SPOILER

The same features are visible in Artemis (recorded in an Asp Explorer), though not quite so clear and not identical.
SPOILER

Yet in Azaleach (recorded yesterday in an Imperial Courier), these vertical bars are not present.
SPOILER

There may be more to the landscape signal than a mountain-like structure?
Reactions:
Emperor