Jorki Rasalas
Jan 17, 2024
#33,024
Rochester said:
Thanks for that, it’s evident to have some relevance to the story, their emphasis I feel was to draw attention to this pre-emptive alteration to the journey, make us think it’s not just an assignation plot but possibly something else going in. I don’t think the ‘why’ is necessary to understand, only the where.

The who, why, what I feel ought to be evident in the location it’s alluding to.

If nothing is there then it’s narrative, and just a breadcrumb teaser, in my opinion the lowest form of storytelling. Give us data.

I feel there if there isn’t something ‘physical’ in this locality, then it’s esoteric, and that systems, bodies and factions in that area are telling a deeper story - again it’s back to ‘environmental storytelling’. This could point to a clue to go to ‘someplace’ or that something is / has happened/ing ‘off camera, but who knows?

Have edited my posts.

The golden chain theory, utilising the Orion focused beam of stars might be a possibility, but other than allegorical interpretation I don’t suspect there is any directional spacial evidence to point us there… maybe wrong. At most I think it’s just a nice touch to name these ‘errors’ and make use of the anomaly. Again I might be wrong.

The golden chain of Milton’s Paradise Lost isn’t actually significantly long.

Paradise was held just below the brow (inclined hill wall) of the Empyrean, it was not a great distance away from it, Milton mixed his metaphors to confuse the reader and convey the vast distances he was attempting to convey but at the same time comfort the reader that ‘Paradise’ was still very close to gods love and not something distant and discarded.

If said ‘chain’ exists in game it ought no be taking us thousands of light years away from the suspected Empyrean nor realm of Chaos nor the Underworld, it really ought to be just under the Empyrean or between it and Chaos, but who knows?

I’m no expert, just an opinion. O7
Click to expand...
Hmm. I don't spatially understand your diagrams as they haven't had system labels, and I have no way of exploring them visually in 3D (having too much fun in Starfield to bother booting up ED), but how does your Underground region relate to this "chain" of stars? Could be the Brookes Memorial Tour is intended to draw our attention to the chain rather than a specific system thereabouts (i.e. the system named "Legacy" near to the Orion Tourist Centre destination is just obfuscation?). Specifically how does the "Sol end" of the chain relate to your Underworld, as that might be the logical place to look for Raxxla if this theory is correct, especially since your interpretation of the codex reference to Omphalos Rift, and it's relation to Raxxla, puts it at the junction of the chain to the sphere. The chain is based on real astronomical data so it might be that seeing the chain in an alpha version of ED prompted the idea to MB to implement the Milton+mythology by appropriate system naming and locations...
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester