Rochester
Jan 17, 2024
#33,028
Jorki Rasalas said:
Hmm. I don't spatially understand your diagrams as they haven't had system labels, and I have no way of exploring them visually in 3D (having too much fun in Starfield to bother booting up ED), but how does your Underground region relate to this "chain" of stars? Could be the Brookes Memorial Tour is intended to draw our attention to the chain rather than a specific system thereabouts (i.e. the system named "Legacy" near to the Orion Tourist Centre destination is just obfuscation?). Specifically how does the "Sol end" of the chain relate to your Underworld, as that might be the logical place to look for Raxxla if this theory is correct, especially since your interpretation of the codex reference to Omphalos Rift, and it's relation to Raxxla, puts it at the junction of the chain to the sphere. The chain is based on real astronomical data so it might be that seeing the chain in an alpha version of ED prompted the idea to MB to implement the Milton+mythology by appropriate system naming and locations...
Agreed but I just think it’s a stretch, but then we don’t really know if it’s intentional or not, it could be, there are a number of possible directional clues that could take us away from the bubble, but none of them in my opinion are definitive, and as a whole it feels centralised to the bubble, either it’s pointing downwards below the lost realms zone, or it’s above it towards the Empyrean… princess Astrophel I feel is key towards understanding the entirety.

As to if it’s a red herring cannot be definitively confirmed so one has to presume everything in the Codex is true. So Princess Astrophel must be a real character or place in game or lore, the spiralling stars I feel will be a directional clue and possibly point us somewhere.

Could be wrong, but I at present I can’t make that jump to Orion or even Delphi without more information, I feel it’s too wide a gap.
Last edited: Jan 17, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian