Louis Calvert
Dec 7, 2022
#28,300
I think it's worth addressing the "It doesn't fit with game lore to be in Witchspace" because that's an interesting mindset, let's examine that a bit:

Witchspace has been discussed as an "alternative dimension" where certain things can exist/get lost in for at least the lifetime of Elite Dangerous, if you include TDW Novella, then an even longer time (There's more than this, but I think this is OK to show the point?):
Galnet: "The first commercially available hyperspace system was known as the 'Faraway Jump'. The Faraway system was far from perfect, however, depending on a complex network of monitoring satellites, branch lines, stop points and rescue stations – which took hundreds of years to establish – to operate smoothly."

"It was around this time the phrase 'witch-space' first appeared, reflecting the inherent dangers of early hyperspace technology and the strange 'corridor' a ship travelled through during a hyperspace jump. Some even believed witch-space was haunted by 'ghosts of ships that went into Faraway and didn't come out again'. It is certainly true that a number of ships never reached their destinations."

TDW Novella: Faraway is a tunnel, like any other tunnel. Inside that tunnel is the realm called Witch-Space, a magic place, a place where the normal rules of the Universe don't necessarily work. And every few thousand parsecs along the Witch-Space tunnel there are monitoring satellites, and branch lines, and stop points, and rescue stations"

"They say that Witch-Space is haunted. Maybe that's why they call it 'witch'. Time turns all around, and atoms turn inside out, and gravity waves billow up, and things move there, lifeforms, or shadows, or atoms, or galaxies, who knows? No-one has ever stopped and gone outside to find out. Only robot remotes exist there, switching stations, monitors, rescue Droids and the like. Whatever lives in Witch-Space, in the Faraway tunnels, will remain a mystery always."

Galnet: “Other theories are more esoteric but worthy of exploration. We know that their vessels are capable of hovering in hyperspace, suggesting that witch-space is comfortable for them. Could living beings actually originate from hyperspace?”

“Alternatively, they may be using hyperspace as a conduit from a dimensional plane entirely separate from real space. The Thargoids may not just be extragalactic in origin, but extra-universal.”

Thargoid Codex: "Thargoid vessels are radically different from anything produced by humanity, and are able to navigate hyperspace in ways that are not fully understood. "

The below are a very silly little set of images I did a while back to try to visualise "Witchspace" and how it can be used for FTL based on the text in-game and from Devs.
SPOILER: SILLY LITTLE FTL ILLUSTRATIONS













As you can from my silly drawings, it would be possible for anything to be in Witchspace if Hyperspace were a dimension that's "in between" ours, not higher or lower but literally sharing the same space. Similar ideas exist in the Babylon 5 universe (where they also didn't believe that anything could exist in their version of Witchspace, and... well... no spoilers for those that haven't had the pleasure, but they were wrong.) and the Warhammer 40k universe, only their Witchspace is much worse.

Also consider this:

Raxxla Codex: "To the whisperer in witch-space"
in witchspace.
Raxxla Codex: "Several versions of the Raxxla story mention an alien artefact, the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed. "
Doesn't say that the Omphalos Rift is on Raxxla. It's quite specific in the wording. What if we're not looking for an alien gateway on Raxxla, what if Raxxla is in the alien gateway?

Hyperdrives access Witchspace. They could be "described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed." If we're assuming Witchspace, as detailed above by the game lore, is another dimension.


SPOILER: QUESTIONABLE AUTHENTICITY, BUT INTERESTING THINGS FROM TDW NOVELLA




Hopefully this is enough to show that it's not that weird, or game-breaking, to suggest Raxxla is a planet in witchspace. It actually does fit the known 'reality' of the game pretty well

I would like to kindly and gently remind everyone that this isn't Science Simulator 3308, this is a sci-fi space opera game where we travel FTL more easily than we travel to the supermarket IRL, and this thread is literally about an 8 year long quest to find a mystical alien planet that may be/contain an ancient alien transdimensional supertechnolgy that (somehow) is better than the alien transdimensional supertechnolgoy that we're currently using.

The words "mystical" and "mysterious" are used to describe Raxxla in the Codex...
Last edited: Dec 7, 2022
Reactions:
Pyroboros and Sunyavadin