Midian Cabal
Apr 23, 2019
#7,678
Jorki Rasalas said:
Felicity said in the Codex that TDW imitators die out quietly (or was it quickly?); the faction in SD is still in existence after some four years, therefore they are the real dark wheel, however as the mysterious woman said in Premonition TDW has wheels within wheels & she implied SD is the “outer rim” operating as a distraction (i.e. an obfuscation).

I emphasise her turn of phrase because it is clearly a link to the original TDW SD missions, and since Drew Wagar said categorically he didn’t know anything about Raxxla it seems to suggest that FD asked him to put this part of the storyline into Premonition. It may be that FD decided those missions were originally too simple as clues to Raxxla & disabled them temporarily (I believe we’ve had FD confirmation that they are still in-game) while they made the puzzle more complex; perhaps they are somehow chained with another puzzle which we haven’t found yet. Except they seem to have overdone it; the fact that nobody has been able to find those missions recently makes me think they are somehow further obfuscated.

Don’t ask me for the source of the FD statement about them still being in game; I despair of the history that seems to have been lost in the move to the new forum....to quote Sgt Schultz when I search for previous notable posts .. I can find nuthink, NUTHINK!!!
Click to expand...

I dutifully read two thirds of this thread (I skipped the middle part), but I read only about FD and support avoiding providing the answer to the question if TDW missions are still in the game. It can be that it was quoted in the part that I skipped though...

Edit: I perceive TDW as our Masons, whose members are members of many different civil, military, political and religious organizations and just like Masons, I expect that members of TDW are members of INRA, the Club, Pilots Federation, Aegis, the Sirius Corporation etc.

The introduction of TDW into the Codex and crossreferencing its entry with the entry about Raxxla clearly shows the importance of TDW. I don't think that it can be disputed and rejected.
Last edited: Apr 23, 2019
Reactions:
Six6VI and [PS4] Filthymick420