Count dEstard
Jun 3, 2019
#8,587
PeteACarter said:
Probably searching for patterns that are not there, but "Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars" is also in double quotes. Run that through a Beaufort cipher with "FERNWEH" as the keyword. Now take the results and stick it into Google Translate. It detects it as Igbo (Nigerian) and translates it to: "Welcome to Zyonhutjaq Monnz"

Zyon is used as a synonym for Jerusalem.

A couple pages ago, somebody was asking where Jerusalem would be in space (I cant remember their lead) but they got knocked down with "In Jerusalem " and left it.

So I will ask myself - Where would Jerusalem (or Zyon) be in the Milky Way? Any ideas?
Click to expand...

Ok seems, most do not count Zion/ Jerusalem as the hottest topic. Let me offer a few ideas.

a) „Zion“ was the place where the first and second Temple of King Solomon were built (Nr. 1 by King Solomon himself; Nr. 2 by Nehemias). From a masonic point of view I‘d say - look at the heart of Darkness.

b) Wasn‘t there something about Zion in Dune? Awful long time since I read that. We have IX - so worth a try?

So what have I been about since asking Scytale to repost the Tattoo?

Well since I theorize the Tattoo symbolizes a journey through the underworld (classical Heroes journey part 2 and 3: Descent into darkness, travelling the underworld, return to light) I asked myself what greek mythology had to say about entrances. Answer: Okeanos, Acheron and lands of the Cimmerians. No Okeanos or Acheron on Galmap but Cimmerians. Went there and did some (not concluded) scanning. Nothing unusual so far (discovered 7 geological sites on C4 using DSS, investigated No 1, nothing unusual, invaded some bases on C4 and got jailed). After finishing Cimmerians I'll head to Styx and Orcus.

If anyone here is around on PS4 and wants to wing up I'm using my iCourier Perceval until after finishing Styx (only m bases) and will then switch back to my Conda Marco Polo.
Reactions:
Scytale, PeteACarter and yelboc