CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Feb 10, 2024
#33,342
Ian Doncaster said:
That could in theory include that it's right there in plain sight and CMDRs have - to paraphrase Douglas Adams - "flown past Raxxla, round it, even over it, and simply never have noticed that the thing was there" because it didn't take the form they expect.
Here me out for a second: Raxxla is the Construct(s). They very much exist. They are the ships themselves. CMDR's are just the avatar in order to interact with humanity and Holo-Me, tele-presence, and tele-existence is they means by which that is achieved. Which means we are nothing more than the dreaming of an ultra-intelligent artificial intelligence. In that case, Raxxla is the CMDR/ship/SRV avatar in the form of a human. Canonically, it would explain a lot - especially how CMDRs can withstand such extreme environments. If we're holographs, it is nothing more than a vast simulation - see the Utopia Sim-Archive.

From the FFE Journals:
NEW FRACTAL FOUND
J.F.

Dr Fruckstickborks has now published the fractal of the siliconey cladogram. (Nature, vol 18,937,027,511 No. 3.) The results he claims are unexpected. In the siliconey attractor, all siliconeys look the same. It could be true that the result and apotheosis of siliconeyhood is a small rocky blob about one metre across, coloured grey, and with a maximum crawling speed of three kilometres a day, but if so it is very disappointing.

All other life so far discovered is DNA based: how sad to find that is all there is. Perhaps now the manufacturers of the games and holos our children spend so much time with will abandon the bug-eyed monsters they are so fond of. They can always stick with true and trusted real life favourites such as the Scrarl with its acid squirting properties and the Egregious Smother.

Another touch of romance has gone out of the universe.
Click to expand...

SPOILER: BARRYMAN LOGICAL IMAGING TECHNIQUE


Historical Dictionary of Science Fiction: construct
Historical Dictionary of Science Fiction
sfdictionary.com

Historical Dictionary of Science Fiction: holo
Historical Dictionary of Science Fiction
sfdictionary.com

Telepresence - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org
Last edited: Feb 10, 2024
Reactions:
Hanerib and Quaero