Eckee
Jan 28, 2019
#5,545
The main screen image is not realistic at all. Bodies are too close to each other, they wouldn't exist because of the tidal forces, even if they do with some kind of magic, the station is clearly visible, it must be too close to the surface. it wouldn't be able to stay in a stable orbit between two bodies. Even it would be possible too I would report it as a bug it doesn't match with the only real image clue we have - the one in the codex. It's very close to a star, a red one and the text says it's orbiting the 8th moon of a gas giant, I believe that info is correct. It would be too stupid otherwise. Of course it's a speculation and speculations are not always true IRL, but this is a game and now Devs want us to find it.

I also doubt the numbers on stations would uncover a secret. Yes, DB loves numbers, but look at what the Thargoid scan numbers did mean - an easter egg. And it was even a solid clue from a recently implemented mystery. My best guess is that those numbers lead to an easter egg too.

You guys are incredible and I honestly think that reading through this thread is much more enjoying than Raxxla story FDev did put in. You're hyphothesizing better than I could ever do. Well I'm not stupid but I have this language barrier, I learned English by myself and it's still not very good that sometimes it's hard to get the metaphors or think outside the box. So I humbly try to stay in the Red Team in this thread. I would like to kindly propose that when constructing new ideas please consider the facts we already know and confirmed lore which most of it is summed up beautifully with the sources in the first post of this thread by Macros Black, hope he adds the new codex entries too ^^.

Clues lying around scattered, not always linked to each other, major gaps between them, seems like they are not related or leading/connecting to anything - Here I quote another great contributor of this thread, whom I also love to read:
Rochester said:
OK do bare with me - we've been drinking.

Fever dream last night...dreamt of various factions, then the gaps between them, it created a network. The network of unpopulated areas which had concentrations. One of them had six spokes...

This came I realise as a reverse of what we do at work. We gather intelligence on nominals; their personal details, locality and connections with others. This is used to identify spacial relationships and focus resources. Its called ERD - Entity relationship modelling.

I know we have very little hard evidence regards Raxxla but I suppose what I'm trying to get at is, if we took all the known data we do have on the activity surrounding the old Dark Wheel missions and join the dots in a spacial ERD what will we get?

Honestly I think it would just be chaos as probably random, which is why I won't tackle it...that and the time commitment.



OK the baco-foil just ran out...back to reality. I'm going to check down the back of the sofa again that's normally where things turn up.
Click to expand...
Reactions:
Ton618 666 and Rochester