publicstaticvoid
Jan 28, 2019
#5,547
I wouldn't be too quick to throw Guru's claim to the winds.

Here's why: Strophalos, also known as Hecate’s wheel has only one ancient reference. The Alexandrian "Chaldean Oracle" talks about Hecate's wheel. Strophalos contains a serpent in its design that is supposed to symbolize rebirth. Unsurprisingly Hecate is related to Persephone as she is referenced in the Homeric Hymn to Demeter.

She cried with a piercing voice, calling upon her father [Zeus], the son of Kronos, the highest and the best. But not one of the immortal ones, or of human mortals, heard her voice. Not even the olive trees which bear their splendid harvest. Except for the daughter of Persaios, the one who keeps in mind the vigor of nature. She heard it from her cave. She is Hekatê, with the splendid headband

Hekatê is spelt with a 'ê' the same letter used in "Unless you get there, unless you become Èlite, " Which on the keyboard is Alt+138.

There are many more striking similarities I am trying to work out but it seems to me like the number of coincidences associated with the story of Persephone and Demeter and Dark Wheel / Raxxla lore are fairly intense. If you go to some of these systems you will also notice a lot of the NPCs seem to have names associated mythology.

A line can too be drawn to the Codex material through not only the story of Hades abducting Persephone but also in the depictions of Persephone. Then they led her to the phila palace of their father.

She was walking behind them, sad in her philon heart. She was wearing a veil on her head, and a long dark robe [peplos] trailed around the delicate feet of the goddess

Persephone in one story is even linked to creation

When Cura (Core) [Persephone] was crossing a certain river, she saw some clayey mud. She took it up thoughtfully and began to fashion a man. While she was pondering on what she had done, Jove [Zeus] came up; Cura asked him to give the image life, and Jove readily grant this. When Cura wanted to give it her name, Jove forbade, and said that his name should be given it. But while they were disputing about the name, Tellus [Gaia] (Earth) arose and said that it should have her name, since she had given her own body. They took Saturnus [Kronos (Cronus)] for judge; he seems to have decided for them : Jove, since you gave him life [text missing, presumably he was given control of the fate of men] let her [Persephone] receive his body [after death]; since Cura fashioned him; let her [Gaia] posses him as long as he lives, but since there is controversy about his name, let him be called homo, since he seems to be made from humus

Then you factor in some of the details in the ED Gal map like the fact that the system Persephone has a ELW called Kore (cura, Persephone) and you start seeing some remarkable connections. At some point these random coincidences become less and less likely coincidences and more likely a connection.

Void
Reactions:
Rochester, Spaceman Si and Armstrong