Jorki Rasalas
Aug 28, 2019
#11,487
PeteACarter said:
Interestingly, there is a tourist beacon called The Devil's Dancefloor, in the Eeshorks BA-A g2179 system, which reads...

"The system was first discovered during a joint expedition by three well known scientists in the field of gravitational physics: Grace Gutierrez, Rondall Hudon, and Lennox McFadden, back in July of 3303. / EESHORKS BA-A G2179 has researchers buzzing now that its discoverers have gone public with details of the system. It contains a black hole and four neutron stars, and is considered extra special by researchers studying gravitational waves as four of the five bodies that make up the system are organised into two sets of binaries orbiting each other very closely. They orbit so closely that the AB pair orbit each other in approximately two hours (The Swing Couple), and the CD pair in five hours (The Waltz Couple), with both pairs orbiting each other in an area less than 250Ls across. / The A star of the system is a black hole measuring 10.6 solar masses. Bodies B, C and D are each microsecond pulsars with spins aligned by orbits so tight a ship may find itself in the ejecta cones of both pulsars at the same time! The fifth and last body of the system is another neutron star at a range of 342,000Ls which the members of the discovering expedition refer to as "The Wallflower". "

Just the kind of place has been experimenting with
Click to expand...

Swing? Walz?
Meh, Salsa or Zydeco for me!

It’s difficult to dance stuck in this pilot’s chair for 4 years. I’ll be glad when space legs arrives & I can stand up, move around, visit the head, and get a mug of coffee from that darn Krait machine that I can smell but not reach.

Gave up BH diving, it got boring after around 30. Dipped into centroid searching, also boring. 3 kylies out, off to visit some bright stars then I’ll head back to the bubble to test out latest wild idea carefully reasoned hypothesis...
Last edited: Aug 28, 2019
Reactions:
PeteACarter