SongOfTheVoid
Nov 17, 2022
#27,944
Rochester said:
Well we know certain systems are gated via permits, but also certainly that players cannot ever access these ever because FD has confirmed that.

Bruce Forsything exploration won’t I agree find something if it’s narratively gated, that’s true and something we (I hope) all take into consideration as being a reality.

I certainly hold this to heart, and I presume certain mysteries we won’t find because FD simply don’t want us to solve them until they want them solved.

I party quest for the fun of it, to obtain verification of such insight, but also potentially identify arcane mysteries which if the exist, give a flavour to pointless exploration.

So far, for instance we now know it’s pointless trying to obtain a mysterious invitation off the DW because FD effectively confirmed its archived, likely as are certain systems linked to it…

Difficult to utilise this as information to cross examine FD as they will attribute it to data mining, but food for thought.

I presume many who quest are very much aware much of it is totally pointless. It’s tin-foil not science.

Click to expand...
Nah Fdev do themselves a disservice with their refusal to accept or acknowledge player knowledge/discoveries unless said person subscribes to the communist ideal of having worked for thousands of hours on X puzzle only to hand over the results to the masses for literally nothing. Frontier are well aware ive whole hosts of information that the general playerbase dont know, numerous times they were offered chances to discuss releases of information in such a fashion that it benefits the storyline, plots and brings clarification to the rest of the research scene.
Frankly this knowledge of the Hidden systems mechanics is nothing of any significance as anyone who spent long enough exploring the HIP index manually could easily deduce the same information for themselves, of far graver concern is why MAJOR plot aspects are left vague by Fdev despite them knowing of their discoveries. I sit on all the real Guardian science and knowledge, have for years and have been able to prove it... If I had been a BGS person, a Hauler, a Trader, a Pirate or even a explorer I couldve earned billions in the time I devoted to solving the puzzle, and Fdevs stance is tens of thousand of hours of work should be handed to the masses for nothing.
PS> The Tinfoil is the endless "My mythology" in the scene and as its fair easier to swallow the Mythology line and then take boring but easy trips around the galaxy to whatever random location they are wasting time on, than to go "Ok we need to learn some science, stop labelling things we dont understand or recognise as nothing and get to some hardwork"... Humans generally take the lazier option regardless if they are aware of it or not and people promoting such behaviour have caused the vast majority of all the burnout in the scene with their one endless goose chase after another.
Last edited: Nov 17, 2022