Rochester
Nov 20, 2019
#13,396
Han_Zen said:
This is just speculation, but my gut feeling tells me that the E/F DW missions(and the Halsey story) were intended to lead to the discovery of the Guardians. We will never know FD's actual intentions, because the first ruin was found with an out of game method.
Michael Brookes once told that the narrative of Raxxla would play out in-game. I suspect that the Guardians were step one, in this narrative. The old missions were removed when they no longer served a purpose.

Not to long ago the story of Gan Romero figured in Galnet. It's somewhat similar to the Halsey story and I suspect it will lead to a second Guardian cluster that will teach us more about their history. I know a similar region has been found with Brain trees and a central permit locked region around a WR star. The location has not been revealed yet, to allow FD to execute their full plan.

That was a lot of speculation in one post.
Click to expand...

Oh I completely agree.

Taking it into context FDs narrative MO, I feel its more likely than not that Raxxla is locked behind some narrative wall which we are either failing to activate or was bugged / then fixed, and will; upon some other discovery, be revealed.

In other words FD aren't ready for us to find it. I certainly no longer think FD would just leave Raxxla lying around for anyone to trip over (unless its a meaningless easteregg) and I seriously doubt they had the imagination to hide it through some astronomical oddity or series of clever missions.

I am in agreement that it is probable the older DW missions hinted towards the Guardians...at which point FD injected the next batch of content (which is their MO) and the same with the Thargoids etc.

Thats how their narrative works...its injected chapters, no one is going to jump to the conclusion. For if it were related to the Guardians / Thargoids thats a lot of dev work thrown out the window.

Same with the other locked areas in game, their just not ready for us to progress to that page in their story.

Going off MBs statement about there being nothing to duscuss at that time, would make it suspect its locked behind a drip fed narrative. Yes its in game, it has a location but its behind an unknown permit.

Can we follow the Codex...maybe/maybe not...I have litte faith in FDs methods anymore, and thats what I meant about consistency.

Certainly the DW Codex is more likely and could be the next leg on the journey as it gives a descrption of what to look out for.

Until then lets keep on blindly stabbing around in the dark, someone is more likely than not to find it eventually.

We're coming up to the 2020 content drop. I fortell that will really be 2022 and at that point the story will move onwards.

Last edited: Nov 20, 2019
Reactions:
Six6VI, Surl Tesh-echer, BluWolve and 3 others