Six6VI
Nov 20, 2019
#13,393
BluWolve said:
I can certainly see those missions and the Halsley story especially being a way to drive the Guardian story forward.

Having said that, I am still not convinced that we have learned all we can from TDW in regards to Raxxla using the current tools at our disposal. I know TDW faction has been examined thoroughly with no solid results to date. However I sometimes wonder if they have not quite been tackled the exact right way required, or if there is another angle to view things from that I am missing? Perhaps newer features (like hacking with recon limpets at these hidden installations for example) could yield new results?

I think my largest concern is that we could examine TDW in-game faction from every angle and find nothing, and not know if it is because there is nothing there to find at all, or that it is due to the possibility we are only ever being drip-fed information when it is relevant to advance other narratives.

For some speculation of my own that brings Raxxla and the Guardians together; I have for a long time wondered if Raxxla is related to the Guardians. Raxxla being the access point to a virtual Guardian utopia.

The guardians in their physical forms are long since extinct. That is evident from what information we have. Knowing the technology that they utilised, I don’t think it too far of a stretch to imagine they were successful in uploading their consciousness to a virtual utopia. What need would they have for physical forms if they could upload their minds into a virtual paradise?

We know the Guardian technology still functions to this day. Considering how technologically advanced they were it would be no surprise if they were able to run a whatever devices needed indefinitely. Something that could be guarded and maintained by sentinels, as the Guardian ruins are.

What if that is what Raxxla is? Perhaps the Guardian narrative ends in the discovery of Raxxla, the gateway that allows us access to this utopia?

That is if we don’t find it first, of course

TL;DR version: I still hold out hope there is more to find in game through TDW faction in regards to Raxxla.

I also speculate that Raxxla is the access point to a Guardian virtual paradise.
Click to expand...
If you've done both the Ram Tah missions you have to scan very specific obelisks to get the complete data set although some individual pieces appear in many sites. The point being, it's only one piece of data per obelisk, which would suggest they are no longer connected to the larger guardian network(s).

I'd like to see a fully functional Guardian site, maybe gain access via those underground bunker doors.
Reactions:
BluWolve