Thatchinho
Nov 20, 2019
#13,391
For reference on Halsey and the Guardians, from the Codex, talking about what happened to Halsey after the loss of Starship One:

"During this period of stasis, Halsey believed she was visited by trans-dimensional beings of extraordinary intelligence and compassion. Later, when she was rescued and revived, she was left with the conviction that this experience had been real, and not merely a hallucination.

Halsey proceeded to experience visions of mysterious alien worlds and cities - dense metropolises full of activity and life. She shared these visions with the rest of humanity, prompting explorers to set off in search of these undiscovered planets. This led to the discovery of the first Guardian ruins, in the Synuefe XR-H d11-102 system. The fact that these sites were devoid of life led to speculation that Halsey had seen the Guardian worlds not as they are, but as they had been."

Additional notes:

- that isn’t how the Ruins were actually found

- they were found via a trailer (it’s replicable if anyone wants the challenge)

- we know from the time that FD has something planned for how we would find the ruins, but it ended up not happening when they were found via the trailer

- way way back now, it had been posited (certainly by myself, possibly by others) that what Halsey had described encountering was the only thing described in the game which was a possible match for what had become of the Guardian descendants

Given everything it seems fairly likely that what the Codex describes is what ‘should’ have happened.

I did ask for clarification back in the 3.3 Beta (IIRC) on whether that’s how the Codex entry should be treated but didn’t get any response.

Interestingly however, Premonition doesn’t use the Halsey stuff, and rather it essentially canonified what actually happened, and treated the trailer images as things which were leaked by The Club to distract attention away from Thargoid related things. Would be interesting to get your take on this @drew if you’re happy to comment?
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Surl Tesh-echer, BluWolve and 6 others