BluWolve
Nov 20, 2019
#13,389
Han_Zen said:
This is just speculation, but my gut feeling tells me that the E/F DW missions(and the Halsey story) were intended to lead to the discovery of the Guardians. We will never know FD's actual intentions, because the first ruin was found with an out of game method.
Michael Brookes once told that the narrative of Raxxla would play out in-game. I suspect that the Guardians were step one, in this narrative. The old missions were removed when they no longer served a purpose.

Not to long ago the story of Gan Romero figured in Galnet. It's somewhat similar to the Halsey story and I suspect it will lead to a second Guardian cluster that will tech us more about their history. I know a similar region has been found with Brain trees and a central permit locked region around a WR star. The location has not been revealed yet, to allow FD to execute their full plan.

That was a lot of speculation in one post.
Click to expand...
I can certainly see those missions and the Halsley story especially being a way to drive the Guardian story forward.

Having said that, I am still not convinced that we have learned all we can from TDW in regards to Raxxla using the current tools at our disposal. I know TDW faction has been examined thoroughly with no solid results to date. However I sometimes wonder if they have not quite been tackled the exact right way required, or if there is another angle to view things from that I am missing? Perhaps newer features (like hacking with recon limpets at these hidden installations for example) could yield new results?

I think my largest concern is that we could examine TDW in-game faction from every angle and find nothing, and not know if it is because there is nothing there to find at all, or that it is due to the possibility we are only ever being drip-fed information when it is relevant to advance other narratives.

For some speculation of my own that brings Raxxla and the Guardians together; I have for a long time wondered if Raxxla is related to the Guardians. Raxxla being the access point to a virtual Guardian utopia.

The guardians in their physical forms are long since extinct. That is evident from what information we have. Knowing the technology that they utilised, I don’t think it too far of a stretch to imagine they were successful in uploading their consciousness to a virtual utopia. What need would they have for physical forms if they could upload their minds into a virtual paradise?

We know the Guardian technology still functions to this day. Considering how technologically advanced they were it would be no surprise if they were able to run a whatever devices needed indefinitely. Something that could be guarded and maintained by sentinels, as the Guardian ruins are.

What if that is what Raxxla is? Perhaps the Guardian narrative ends in the discovery of Raxxla, the gateway that allows us access to this utopia?

That is if we don’t find it first, of course

TL;DR version: I still hold out hope there is more to find in game through TDW faction in regards to Raxxla.

I also speculate that Raxxla is the access point to a Guardian virtual paradise.
Last edited: Nov 20, 2019
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Machina Ergo Sum, Six6VI and 2 others