Darth Ender
D
Nov 20, 2019
#13,397
Better discussion.

What would raxxla need to offer to the game to not be a complete and utter failure for all the years of mystery?

In game, the only thing I can think of is a means of traveling to another dimension or Galaxy. Potentially with an established human presence with somewhat compatible tech that will contain a completely separate bgs instance and layout.,. Potentially versions of existing alien races.

This would allow little design effort for potentially infinite variety where all of the existing code framework can be reused. Though I imagine it would be rolled out one at a time as custom changes can be made tailored to this new Galaxy/universe.

Or it opens a portal to a kind of hyperspace graveyard where you have x amount of time to collect rare materials that can be brought to engineers to Fab up one off items for your ship not available any other way. It would also cause heat damage to limit camping and repeated use, forcing players to repair and leave between uses. Acquiring a special permit key to approach the planet would also be required, gathered from narrative mission, otherwise you are dropped out of sc by a nullification field around the planet and drones will come to destroy you. The system is not permit blocked.

I don't see how anything less than that would be met with any kind of satisfaction...

edit: I'm kinda leaning towards the second option as it would be easier to implement and easier to fit in the existing lore. The idea of the system not being permit blocked but approaching the planet (and thus access to the graveyard) would be (planet level permits exist in the game already like earth's moon) ...is to allow what's been previously stated about any player being able to find raxxla within the game to be true still. Sure you can find it, but you'll be killed on approach to get it's goodies until fdev is ready with the narrative to let you have access.
Last edited: Nov 20, 2019
Reactions:
BluWolve and Zieman