Jorki Rasalas
Nov 26, 2019
#13,513
GURU-951 said:
5hr was just a major guesstimate, and yeah, not knowing which direction.... All I could think is that maybe someone out there knows some maths to help with it, the other thought is to go 5ish hrs out and just start orbiting our sun keeping the distance and endlessly looping around at the distance til the pilot withers away and dies of boredom or exhaustion.

I think I’ve already died of boredom and frustration on my Alpha Centauri theory! I am a brandy-fuelled space zombie who craves brains Raxxla!

But it seems that Nemesis may have been found (http://www.viewzone.com/browndwarf.html). But this source has it as a brown dwarf, not an M subdwarf which is what the codex pic suggests. That reference has it currently just beyond Pluto at 61 AU from Sol out towards Sag A*, but on an elliptical orbit with furthest point hundreds of AU. If this is Nemesis and it’s currently that close to Sol then I suspect it’s already disturbed the Oort Cloud and we should shortly expect another Heavy Bombardment of the inner solar system. It may end all life on Earth before climate change has a chance!
Good luck in your search!

P.S. wikipedia (https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nemesis_(hypothetical_star)) has Nemesis as a possible red dwarf or brown dwarf 1.5ly from Sol, and it may be towards Hydra.
P.P.S. The sources for this latter possibility seems to have been dated around 1987 & 2002. Given DB’s interest in astronomy it is likely he was aware of the theory when designing ED. It sounds interesting enough to be worth investigation; 1.5ly would be likely close enough for a space station to be built there in the early days of ED exploration, and far enough to justify a station, but how would they have jumped there without a destination (generation ship??). An SC trip of 1.5ly would certainly be a worthy test for TDW, and could fit DB/MB mindset given the setup for Alpha Cent. However I can’t at the moment see how this possibility fits the codex clues, especially the toast. Could Nemesis be interpreted as death? (“A journey we all must make”), I don’t think it really fits the dictionary/mythology definition.
Last edited: Nov 26, 2019
Reactions:
GURU-951