Louis Calvert
Dec 18, 2022
#28,541
For consideration (taking into account all the above in my posts about gen ships).

I think the question still remans unanswered:
Why send Generation ships out?
We're told "corporations" sent them - but why? A corporation couldn't profit from a generation ship. The cost of building it and sending it wouldn't pay back. Especially the ships sent prior to the discovery of FTL.

In this spoiler below is the reasoning for this statement.

SPOILER: THE ARGUMENT AGAINST CORPORATE GEN SHIPS









Given it can't be profit, what's the point of Generation ships?
Altruistic colonisation, or to reach something that's completely unique and incredibly valuable?

SPOILER: THE ARGUMENT AGAINST ALTRUISTIC COLONISATION AND HIGH-VALUE SEEKING











For a post-war society to construct and send out over 70,000 generation ships simply doesn't make sense for any reason other than long-term future colonisation specifically outside Sol.

So, why build Generation ships in those numbers? To escape.
The only reason to make Gen ships when they did, in the numbers we're told they did is to simply flee not just Earth, but the entire Sol system.

Even the closest stars (we're told that Tau Ceti was the first colony 12ly away) would take at least multiple decades to reach, most probably significantly longer. And if you could do that, why send ships anywhere else? Tau Ceti has an ELW and plenty of resources. Two star systems with habitable planets to exploit is an insane amount of resources and colonisation space...

Why continue to send thousands and thousands of Gen ships out per year to dozens of different systems in an unfocused frenzy for hundreds of years? Even after FTL is discovered and you know that your destination will be colonised by the time you get there, why keep sending out ships?

Maybe Tau Ceti was thought to be too close to Sol? Maybe no-one really knew how close was 'too close' so ships kept going out to new and further destinations. They weren't going out there for some corporate cash-grab, they were going out there to survive.

Exodus.

Something must have happened, or have been happening, around the end of the 21st Century that would make the entire population of Earth believe the only solution was to leave the Sol system entirely and focus a massive effort of developing a space-industry entirely devoted to building thousands of ships to carry as many people away from Sol as possible.

What could possibly make an entire population believe that, for potentially decades or centuries? Remember the ships were sent in different directions.

Raxxla was discovered prior to 2296 (and wasn't such a well-kept secret maybe, since it became common myth) - so it was discovered sometime around this 'great diaspora' and written casually in a journal by someone in the first colony outside Sol.

We know that a secret cabal convinced generations of people that the Thargoids never really existed, or if they did stories of interstellar war were vastly exaggerated. That was only 130 years ago.

Imagine what the same people might have convinced us about a time 1000 years in the past...

Raxxla also plays a role in several conspiracy theories, most of which attest that it has already been discovered by some kind of sinister cabal (or sole tyrant), which has leveraged its power to establish covert dominance over humanity.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and John Stoutbeard