CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 18, 2022
#28,545
Louis Calvert said:
Given it can't be profit, what's the point of Generation ships?
Altruistic colonisation, or to reach something that's completely unique and incredibly valuable?

Altruistic colonisation
Altruistic colonisation means literally sending a Generation ship to colonise another star-system knowing that it is incredibly unlikely to ever pay off, even if it does so in some distant future, you'll never see anything of it.

Does that sound like a Corporation to you? A Government, maybe, but not a corporation with shareholders and profit margins. Maybe a hyper-wealthy individual can afford to do this a few times, but is there enough hyper-wealthy individuals to send over 70,000 Generations ships out?

Even if we consider the idea that a Generation ship might be dispatched to explore something incredibly valuable, consider all the above factors. The hyper-rich individual or corporation funding the project be doing it for a greater purpose with no hope of a payoff, therefore it essentially falls into the altruistic colonisation model - doing something for an incredibly faint chance at a distant payoff generations later.

A hyper-rich individual may do this, sure, but enough for over 70,000 generation ships? no chance.

There's enough resources in the Sol system to support a population in the multiple billions, maybe into the trillions. Gen ships have spin gravity and self-sustaining agriculture. If you can build that, you can put a station in the Sol system. You can have one as your corporate headquarters while you terraform Mars, Titan, build habitats in the waters of Europa, etc. etc. Also, if some fail, they're close enough to aid to be helped, or you can salvage the remains of the station and repopulate it. Can't do that with a gen ship.

You could have over 70,000 self-sustaining stations in the Sol system, each one remains in-range of civilisation and therefore ideas, research, products, etc. can be easily traded. That's literally what corporations exist for.
For a post-war society to construct and send out over 70,000 generation ships simply doesn't make sense for any reason than long-term future colonisation specifically Sol.
Click to expand...
The Cabal would like interject a few salient points (please do not click if you haven't been granted access to the Founder's World):

The first Elite CMDR was a Federation special ops agent. Peter Jameson is an alias for that person - Jaques. Jaques founded the Pilots' Federation as he was the first Elite CMDR. He then staged his death so he could use the funds from his missions to pay off his medical debts (and more) to build first Peter's Base in Facece (Coriolis) and later purchase Jaques Station (Orbis) only to heavily modify it for the most massive hyperspace jump in history. The Pilots' Federation is the unseen hand of the Federation, Empire, and Alliance of Independent Worlds working in concert to save humanity from itself and hopefully avoid extinction. Your invitation, ship access, and perpetual insurance policy on said ships came from Olympic Village, Mars (capital of the Federation). You were funded directly by the people working behind the scenes to avoid as much as possible dire effects. They also entirely funded colonization.

If you received a ship and and invitation, you are a grandchild (and possible clone - sorry we needed an army and fast) of Jaques (aka Peter Jameson). The Ryders merely are the Lieutenants of Jaques in the Bubble that help run things in Human space since he is occupied in Colonia preparing for our imminent arrival and unfortunately necessary colonization of the galaxy behond the Bubble.

Find The Dark Wheel, Find Raxxla. We have the first part. Let's finish the job.

SPOILER: PILOTS' FEDERATION INTERESTS








Attachments
AFriend_EliteDangerous.pdf
1.7 MB · Views: 132
AFriend_Frontiers.pdf
25.4 KB · Views: 146
Last edited: Dec 18, 2022