SpocksOddSocks
Dec 18, 2022
#28,544
Louis Calvert said:
For consideration (taking into account all the above in my posts about gen ships).

I think the question still remans unanswered:
Why send Generation ships out?
We're told "corporations" sent them - but why? A corporation couldn't profit from a generation ship. The cost of building it and sending it wouldn't pay back. Especially the ships sent prior to the discovery of FTL.

In this spoiler below is the reasoning for this statement.










Altruistic colonisation, or to reach something that's completely unique and incredibly valuable?












For a post-war society to construct and send out over 70,000 generation ships simply doesn't make sense for any reason than long-term future colonisation specifically Sol.

The only reason to make Gen ships when they did, in the numbers we're told they did is to simply flee not just Earth, but the entire Sol system.

Even the closest stars (we're told that Tau Ceti was the first colony 12ly away) would take multiple decades to reach, most probably longer. And if you could do that, why send ships anywhere else? Tau Ceti has an ELW and plenty of resources. Two star systems with habitable planets to exploit is an insane amount of resources and colonisation space...

Why continue to send thousands and thousands of Gen ships out per year to dozens of different systems in an unfocused frenzy for hundreds of years? Even after FTL is discovered and you know that your destination will be colonised by the time you get there, why keep sending out ships?

Maybe Tau Ceti was thought to be too close to Sol? Maybe no-one really knew how close was 'too close' so ships kept going out to new and further destinations. They weren't going out there for some corporate cash-grab, they were going out there to .


must have happened, or have been happening, around the end of the 21st Century that would make the entire population of Earth believe the only solution was to leave the Sol system entirely and focus a massive effort of developing a space-industry entirely devoted to building thousands of ships to carry as many people away from Sol as possible.

What could possibly make an entire population believe , for potentially decades or centuries? Remember the ships were sent in

Raxxla was discovered prior to 2296 (and wasn't such a well-kept secret maybe, since it became common myth) - so it was discovered sometime around this 'great diaspora' and written casually in a journal by someone in the first colony outside Sol.

We know that a secret cabal convinced generations of people that the Thargoids never really existed, or if they did stories of interstellar war were vastly exaggerated. That was only 130 years ago.

Imagine what the same people might have convinced us about a time 1000 years in the past...
Click to expand...
Without trying to get too political, I would argue that the fleet contruction initiatives could have just been a type of job creation scheme. Never underestimate the lengths corporate/monied interests will go to to quell a potentially popular anti-capitalist uprising.

If something like that was on the cards on Earth, it could have been done as a distraction. Make sure the unemployed don't exist in high enough numbers to be an unstoppable force.

I'm not arguing this is the case, just suggesting alternatives.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert