Thatchinho
Apr 6, 2022
#25,857
Jorki Rasalas said:
Mm, no, think you’re in error there. We discussed Halsey’s ill-fated journey a while ago, e.g.:

The Quest To Find Raxxla
There may be rogue planets in systems with stars. Rouge just means the planet isn't gravitationally bound to the other bodies, in the system. It will at some point, leave the system. It just depends on how FD have implemented it. It could even be that they have the option for both 'visitors' and...
forums.frontier.co.uk

During Halsey’s last journey there was a secret meeting (the galnet post stating this was later deleted) between Halsey and Mahon on 78 Ursae Majoris ... after which Halsey altered the flight plan to visit Azaleach but the ship was blown up. Sounds like politics, possibly Club machinations, but nothing to do with Raxxla. It sounds more likely that it was related to the Thargoid Sensors (aka UA) that were being secretly shipped around at the time by Fed military convoys; The Club were trying to keep secret knowledge of Thargoids in order to defend themselves and their Dynasty Plot to escape the onslaught leaving the majority of humanity to die. A possibility is that Mahon had learnt of the UA/TS, and the existence of the Guardian sites, from Alliance Intelligence and informed her of both at that meeting. Her subsequent “visions” could have been just the ramblings of a brain under oxygen deprivation and anaesthesia based on that imparted knowledge. Why did she divert to Azaleach is the question...if indeed Azaleach was her intended destination, that could have been more obfuscation as I seem to remember some oddities in the route details.

There are lots of apparently disconnected oddities in-game, and FD don't seem to be very conscientious about cleaning up after events etc. I don't think these oddities are necessarily related to Raxxla, & we’ve seen evidence on this thread & elsewhere of the Space Madness that such paranoia can lead to. Far more likely that without MB’s hand on the lore tiller FD have got lost in all the detail with insufficient management interest in keeping it clean. Maybe that clutter works to their advantage; it’s a sim and real life also has lots of disconnected oddities that arent cleaned up.

IMHO the thing that is most likely to be relevant to Raxxla is the fact that there are 3 or four cliques within the PF with slightly different spellings (see my previous post) which only became apparent on attaining Elite and reading the Tourist Beacons within Shinrarta Dezhra, which is controlled by PF! Getting there is very definitely a “personal journey”. These minor spelling differences could fit MB’s “you have to make things a tiny bit obvious so people know what they are doing”. We know from the lore (SD TB #250 clearly states this) there are several cliques within PF and one of them is TDW). We know these cliques exist in-game: you get Allied with “Pilots’ Federation Local Branch” by running missions for them in SD, and quite separately with “PilotsFederation” by killing goids/rescuing passengers from damaged stations). What is worrying is that FD have corrected those various TB spellings in SD, after we discussed them in this thread.

We are being watched, facts are being obfuscated, The Club is real!!!
Click to expand...
I think some of those Pilots Federation things are simply what they say they are on the tin, not cliques.

Like you wouldn’t generally consider your local branch of the Post Office to be some kind of mysterious clique within the Post Office. To extend the analogy you might have a good personal relationship with the folks in your local Post Office, but that wouldn’t mean anything about what your relationship was like with the Post Office as an organisation as a whole.