SpocksOddSocks
Dec 8, 2022
#28,325
John [Panzertard] Stoutbeard said:
Back to basic - Speculation on how Raxxla is supported as narrative
The narrative for Raxxla must have left some crumbs for us to follow, this is how previous mysteries gave us the ability to follow leads and think for ourselves.
If we look at the past treasurehunts we can see how storytelling and and solution evolved.
(ref in case you wonder what it was, sorry for my scrambled notes, but I used the old forum posts. Simple highlights for my own mind to follow the hunts: one, two, three, four)

Takeaway: Galnet & Ingame clues are left for us to find, but they may have evolved over time.
Assertion: Galnet & the game IS canonn at all given times.
Galnet + the game universe together. This includes the Codex as media. Codex-content validity is a different question


This Galnet story that makes me ponder a bit more, there's talk in the stories which align with .
The storyline circulated Galnet in 2015-2016, supported by ingame CG-events (2016) and discussions here in this thread 2019-2022.

a) Conspiracy talkshow: talks about her abduction by people from (not the Lizard people).
b) Halsey's "vision / dream": after the . She talks about another place, a better place and other beings.
Additionally, more shadow cabal was interested in data from the incident (ref the CG for wreckage parts/data). Sample quote (there are others):
This may just be . But that goes for on Galnet really.



The treasure-hunt model has shown us that they tend to show us a starting point, when we understand that part it will lead to the next.
I believe "The Toast" be using such a model.

In that case, let's see where it can lead us:

Reference to relevant articles
NOTE: Galnet community RSS feed/site will soon move over into a new format (see FDev announcements).
I'll be linking to Inara for now.














There's a lot of material in the media Inara/Galnet. But does it have any credibility, linking the narrative, the way FDev and the community have worked in the past? Perhaps.
Is the Halsey story about something else? Quite possibly.

But I still like the idea that they founded the story of Raxxla back in the early days and planned to support it using he storytelling devices.
It started early. It is well established.

Further, it can also be supported by ingame mechanics:
What about the ?
The, how are the location & directions. Are there more clues there?

I'll keep pondering.
Click to expand...
You might also want to look up earlier Jaques articles in relation to this too. Colonia only started because of Jaques eventual location, but he wasn't intending to be there. He was travelling to Beagle Point, but pulled out of hyperspace and off course. Some of the quotes attributed to him also match up with Halsey's accounts.

I'm not at my PC right now to look up the articles easily, but I thought I'd at least mention it.
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and Louis Calvert