John Stoutbeard
Dec 8, 2022
#28,324
Back to basic - Speculation on how Raxxla is supported as narrative
The narrative for Raxxla must have left some crumbs for us to follow, this is how previous mysteries gave us the ability to follow leads and think for ourselves.
If we look at the past treasurehunts we can see how storytelling and and solution evolved.
(ref in case you wonder what it was, sorry for my scrambled notes, but I used the old forum posts. Simple highlights for my own mind to follow the hunts: one, two, three, four)

Takeaway: Galnet & Ingame clues are left for us to find, but they may have evolved over time.
Assertion: Galnet & the game IS canonn at all given times.
Galnet + the game universe together. This includes the Codex as media. Codex-content validity is a different question
What is not cannon
Commander articles on Galnet, they have been accepted but we can't be sure they are cannon.
Brookes & Braben (B'n'B) past talks may no longer be cannon (out of date as the narrative evolved), so personally I'll try to avoid using their old stories.
Same goes for old 'no longer cannon books/novels', again for the same reasons.

Jasmina Halsey and the disappearance of Starship One
This Galnet story that makes me ponder a bit more, there's talk in the stories which may align with The Toast (Codex\Raxxla).
The storyline circulated Galnet in 2015-2016, supported by ingame CG-events (2016) and discussions here in this thread 2019-2022.

a) Conspiracy talkshow: talks about her abduction by people from Andromeda (not the Lizard people).
b) Halsey's "vision / dream": "They" spoke to her after the witchspace jump incident. She talks about another place, a better place and other beings.
Additionally, more shadow cabal was interested in data from the incident (ref the CG for wreckage parts/data). Sample quote (there are others): "Daurtu Jet Comms PLC offered larger rewards for wreckage than the Federation."
This may just be standard CG narrative. But that goes for "everything" on Galnet really.

Is this enough to warrant a clear and distinctive link to Raxxla? No.
Could all of this be reference to Thargoids? No, they are no caretakers/peacemakers of the galaxy.
Could all of this be reference to Guardians? Yes.
But put together with how old treasure-hunts was conducted, then it may warrant more brainpower & muscle.

The Treasure-hunt model used on The Toast
The treasure-hunt model has shown us that they tend to show us a starting point, when we understand that part it will lead to the next.
I believe "The Toast" could be using such a model.

In that case, let's see where it can lead us:
First clues are indicators of what to look at in a broad sense : Andromeda, Halsey story.
The next clues are more specific, where in the narrative to look : The Whisperers / Witchspace (affirms the first clues).
The last stage is compile / decrypt the data, usually some text/telling/story : .............. now what ..........
SPOILER: CODEX REFERENCE: THE TOAST FOR EASY REFERENCE

Reference to relevant articles
NOTE: Galnet community RSS feed/site will soon move over into a new format (see FDev announcements).
I'll be linking to Inara for now.

SPOILER: GALNET ARTICLES ON INARA (LINKS)




SPOILER: GALNET ARTICLES (IMAGES)








Conclusion and open questions
There's a lot of material in the media Inara/Galnet. But does it have any credibility, linking the narrative, the way FDev and the community have worked in the past? Perhaps.
Is the Halsey story about something else? Quite possibly.

But I still like the idea that they founded the story of Raxxla back in the early days and planned to support it using he storytelling devices.
It started early. It is well established.

Further, it can also be supported by ingame mechanics: Are the shadow-cabal companies part of the next steps?
What about the third paragraph in the toast?
The locations of the Witchspace incident, how are the location & directions. Are there more clues there?

I'll keep pondering.
Last edited: Dec 8, 2022
Reactions:
Darrack, SpocksOddSocks, Louis Calvert and 1 other person