Louis Calvert
Dec 9, 2022
#28,332
John [Panzertard] Stoutbeard said:
A bit of the same problem occurs to me with the Formidine Rift narrative if I stick to the Toast (being the treasure-hunter glue). I need to understand what in the first paragraph that points us to the Formidine narrative.
What do you make of this? I'm not sure if I'm just seeing things that aren't there

I've coloured words that are the same, numbered lines to show possible connections:

Raxxla Codex:
1) To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!
2) To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void!
3) The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts.
4) To Raxxla!"

Quotes from the Formidine Rift Expeditions:
1) "Passed this amazing twin nebula just recently, about the only interesting sight on this whole trip. "
- Heart and Soul Nebulas are in the Constellation Cassiopeia, mother of Andromeda (Mother of Galaxies?).
2) "Could have sworn I heard some weird voices in the last jump."
2) "they’re calling to me… a siren song… "
2) "Picked up some kind of signal yesterday and it looks like the crew weren’t expecting it."
2) "We picked up some kind of bizarre signal yesterday. Whatever it was it wasn’t human. "
2) "Really dark… darker than normal space."
2) "There’s hardly any stars ahead of us, it’s just blackness… the void"

Line 3) that's where it all falls apart ... I can't find any matches exactly... maybe it's a more general sense of Grief, Woe, and Yearning? That's something common to Halsey and the Rift expedition, death and loss and a yearning to find out what happened by going out exploring - it's a reach, I know!

Though, presumably if this is a "treasure map" style follow-the-clues, and if this guess is right, then it's pointing out past the Rift, so maybe whatever line 3 means is beyond the Rift logs?

It's interesting this 'trail' bottoms out at the same place as your Halsey ideas too. Maybe they're both pointing at the same things? No idea how

John [Panzertard] Stoutbeard said:
Sorry if I missed your posts on this in the past, there not enough room in my mind anymore
No apologies need at all! 99.9% of the stuff I say has been said a million times in this thread anyway usually more elegantly and shorter too!

Edit: for clarity
Last edited: Dec 9, 2022
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard