CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 16, 2024
#33,895
Several things I want to highlight:

Wall of heaven is very nearly unscalable.
There are systems similar to Esau: Esautama and Esautas
Similarly, for Padan-Aram there are similarly named systems that exist but nothing exactly for "Padan" or "Aram".
Saw another passage to the effect that the grove where Tree of Life and Tree of Knowledge exist is very nearly inaccessible except by one path. I will have to find this.
We are looking for the narrow gate. There's one way in and all others lead to destruction. Citing the Bible here only because Matthew puts it succinctly. The idea is reiterated by other belief systems in similar fashion.

“Enter by the narrow gate. For the gate is wide and the way is easy that leads to destruction, and those who enter by it are many. For the gate is narrow and the way is hard that leads to life, and those who find it are few.”

- Matthew 7:13-14

And fluttered into rags; then reliques, beads, Indulgences, dispenses, pardons, bulls, The sport of winds: All these, upwhirled aloft, Fly o’er the backside of the world far off Into a Limbo large and broad, since called The Paradise of Fools, to few unknown Long after; now unpeopled, and untrod. All this dark globe the Fiend found as he passed, And long he wandered, till at last a gleam Of dawning light turned thither-ward in haste His travelled steps: far distant he descries Ascending by degrees magnificent Up to the wall of Heaven a structure high; At top whereof, but far more rich, appeared The work as of a kingly palace-gate, With frontispiece of diamond and gold
Embellished; thick with sparkling orient gems The portal shone, inimitable on earth By model, or by shading pencil, drawn. These stairs were such as whereon Jacob saw Angels ascending and descending, bands Of guardians bright, when he from Esau fled To Padan-Aram, in the field of Luz Dreaming by night under the open sky And waking cried, This is the gate of Heaven. Each stair mysteriously was meant, nor stood There always, but drawn up to Heaven sometimes