Rochester
Apr 15, 2024
#33,881
Han_Zen said:
Milton says the devil stood above the canopy:
"from Eastern Point
Of Libra to the fleecie Starr that bears
Andromeda farr off Atlantic Seas (west)
Beyond th' Horizon; then from Pole to Pole"

Before he goes to the Sun:
"Through the calm Firmament; but up or downe
By center, or eccentric, hard to tell,
Or Longitude..."

Could this mean that he entered from East / West (Red line) between Libra and Andromeda, but the North / South (Green line) is uncertain?

This one is in galactic view. Horizontal center line is the Milkyway band.

The red and green lines are straight lines on a globe so they aren't accurate, but we get an idea.

The crossing point is at least near what we see as the Magpie bridge.
Click to expand...

Thanks for jogging my memory, I recall that too now…agree yes that’s how I interpreted it too.

I understood he stood upon the first step of the staircase to heavens gate and looked backdown and saw the entire universe below, as his vantage enabled him to see as far between Libra and Aries...

It’s an area of investigation I’ve considered previously, I think it’s highly relevant but not entirely sure how.

Theres a bone of contention where the globe may have hung. Satan was instructed it was ’not Too far off’ from where he first fell, which was from the North wall. Where-as other interpretations imply its elsewhere because it was linked to heavens gate via the stairs, which fell on East wall.

Satan is noted also to have travelled at an oblique angle once inside the globe, passing through Ophiuchus.

Note in game if you draw a line of sight between Fall and Pandemonium (or any of the Greek Underworld systems) it does intersect Ophiuchus!

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10213527

Below is a very old map of Libra and Aries I drew in context to Pandemonium (at the bottom centre) it would seem relative, but the point of view could still be anywhere far above it - but logically not any further than the system Fall?

Last edited: Apr 15, 2024
Reactions:
Han_Zen