simulacrae
Mar 21, 2024
#33,675
Jorki Rasalas said:
I wondered when I recently did the Brookes Memorial Tour if the final TB Milton quote about the Pendant Sphere was actually another hint...zoom out in Galaxy mao and you see a "golden chain" leading to the Orion Nebula. That chain contains a system named " Legacy". I did search it because of the name repetition (MB's book, megaship name, etc) but found nothing....but what are we looking for?

And from what I understand of the Milton cosmology that @Rochester has proved to be embedded in the game I don't think the Orion Neb fits (though I really need to see a 3D model as I can't visualise it very well).
Ok wall of text time

I think we have been pointed at the Orion Nebula from the beginning. The Brookes Tour ended at Orion where they gave that quote about the Pendant World… the golden chain….
I also think that aside from the quote in the Tour of something that was dear to Brookes the only other thing that can be classed as possibly Miltonian is the left circle in the Garden Axis. But as I pointed out it also falls into the relation to the Orion Nebula. I have tried to see various themes in the things we have identified as relating to Raxxla/Dark Wheel… but the one I keep coming back to is related to early greek philosophy / cosmology


We were given the Dark Wheel missions early on…

The Silent Song of the Spheres: This is a direct reference to the Harmony of the Spheres – often described as an inaudible resonance or harmony that connects the universe … a fundamental pythagorean concept I think often part of the quadrivium of Mathematics, Geometry, Music and Astronomy. One of the notable references to the Harmony of the Spheres is in Platos Republic – The Myth of Er… The harmony is also the golden chain. The earliest reference I know of the Golden Chain is Homer but I think it is also tied to the Pythagorean Ideas of the Harmonies. Plato mentions the golden chain in Theateus 153:
"Homer by “the golden chain” refers to nothing else than the sun, and means that so long as the heavens and the sun go round everything exists and is preserved, among both gods and men, but if the motion should stop, as if bound fast, everything would be destroyed..."
I would argue that Platos Divided Line and Cave Allegory from the Republic are ways of describing the Cosmography from the aspect of the pure forms... the constructs....

There is an idea of the Central Fire which everything revolves around - sometimes this fire is the Sun but often it is described as separate invisible fire- the galactic center?. This central fire idea reminds me alot of the Iranian and Vedic Fire altars .... If you look at later Sassanian Coins you see a Fire Altar - with the flames coming up making a Tetractys - But i digress..


A place that is not a Place: by definition- Utopia. While the name Utopia is derived from Greek it was coined by Thomas More. I do find it funny that it is used to describe Platos “beautiful city” and its inhabitants the Guardians (Elites Guardians - I have pointed out a while back- atleast in structure are set up in a similar fashion to Platos Guardians). In the Republic Plato provides the western world with the template for Utopias. In his Timeaus and Critias he provides us with another popular genre – the lost world… of Atlantis (mentioned in the codex). Something to mention while we are talking about Being or Non-Being (think Hamlet To Be or Not to Be)... is this bit from the Republic:

"They are like those jesters who palter with us in a double sense at banquets,” he replied, “and resemble the children's riddle about the eunuch and his hitting of the bat—with what and as it sat on what they signify that he struck it. For these things too equivocate, and it is impossible to conceive firmly any one of them to be or not to be or both or neither.” “Do you know what to do with them, then?” said I, “and can you find a better place to put them than that midway between existence or essence and the not-to-be? For we shall surely not discover a darker region than not-being"
Platos Republic – Book 5 ( the link has a good footnote explaining the riddle)

- think space-inbetween… the prison?

There is also the fascination with characters who loose their name - Theta7 for example – I think a nod towards the Odyssey and Odysseus’ Outis/Nemo


Door that is also the Key… still playing with that, but Hekate might figure into this as well as the general idea of women as Key Bearers…. (Reminds me of ghostbusters for some reason).. I also suspect This might be a Lovecraftian Reference.... along with another pointer at Orion...


The Myth: To me the obvious cosmography that this is based on is the Myth of Er from the Republic. It along with Homer provided later authors most of the framework from which to construct their visions of the structure of Heaven and Hell and their relationships. I also think this is where we should talk about the Dark Wheel which is essentially the wheel of Fate and the connection to Randomius Factoria… Lady of Fate…. Ananke who also factors in the Myth of Er as well as the Sirens and the Fates….


This is not an attempt to explain everything Raxxla in the context of Greek Myth… But I see within it the basis of what Raxxla is trying to be. I also think that the general themes are more directly related to early Greek ideas rather than later derivations such as Milton - who had a classical education and created his world based upon the plans set forth by earlier writers such as Dante, St Augustine, Virgil and Plato to name a few (a golden chain of a different sort). And while I wouldnt be surprised if there are Miltonian influences - the theme as presented so far is very Pythagorean-Platonic... with of course a few hints of Lovecraft.

As to why Orion – I have been looking for an axis for a long time. For the longest time I wanted it to be North (be it polar or galactic)… and I still havent given up on that. I think atleast what we have been pointed at is Orion and it fits in that it is relatively close to Thargoid Human and Guardian space – also I don’t think Frontier was expecting us to explore as far and fast as we did. Orion is out of the bubble and not too far away… It is also in Thargoid territory because lets face it – the Thargoids are going to be involved.
Last edited: Mar 21, 2024
Reactions:
SpaceGoblin and Rochester