Han_Zen
Mar 22, 2024
#33,677
Rochester said:
Yes I believe it’s very likely, and probably lots of Cmdrs have now visited the system but whatever Raxxla is it’s possibly so innocuous, everyone probably just ignores it.

For instance I’d known of the garden stations like everyone else since their introduction but ‘never’ actually looked at them and not made any association with Milton - until only recently.

That’s not due to ignorance, but because sometimes we are overly aware of apophenia, to trust our senses. So I would not be surprised to find it in a busy system.

The preconception may likewise be exaggerated beyond the reality of what Raxxla is.

In considering the Codex as ‘information’ prior to this Raxxla was described by Holdstock as a body (planet/moon) with an alien construct. Guarded by Elites of some mysterious group (The Dark Wheel).

In ED that description can either fit Guardian tech descriptions, or held by some sinister cabal. This all could marry in with the in game The Dark Wheel faction but in the ED game we can presumably accept this is now long dead, only replaced by some sham - confirmed by Drew, insinuated by the Codex.

New information is, the existence of the Mars relic, known to have gone missing/lost/stolen. It’s likely this was also a narrative element, gleaned from Brookes admitting so in a Dev video.

New information is, the Dark Wheel has a low power station around the eighth moon of a gas giant. Low power may mean - can’t be found on a scanner.

Additional new information is, Raxxla may just be an unremarkable moon; or a state on cosmic enlightenment!

I think the last couple of new elements identify an area where such an objective may become ultimately difficult to locate - if our expectations are set too high?
Click to expand...
We don't know who the corps of Elites that supposedly lives on Raxxla are, but they are definitely not the Dark Wheel. The Dark Wheel is trying to find Raxxla. They are getting killed, when they get to close.
TDW are probably still looking, but they will never find it. That right is reserved for players.