Rochester
Mar 20, 2024
#33,667
Jorki Rasalas said:
Open Spansh system search, set desired distance (60), set reference system (Sol), set body count (4, so 3 planets/moons since star counts as 1), click search...result 692

Count=5...723
Count=6...761
Simples! (Wot, no meerkat emoji??)

4 bodies within/touching the middle part of the garden design, plus two on the right hand side....is the RHS an expansion of the larger body within the middle? ...if so then 5+star=6 total, if not then 6+star=7 total.

I ain't going to attempt that large a search (I've been on this quest for 8 years now, I'm all fernwehed out!
) ...Great potato hunt should already have covered those systems. We are unlikely to find Raxxla without having some idea of what we're looking for since it's clearly obfuscated (what an Omphalos Rift look like? can you even see it? Do you have to fly through it to detect it?)

I'm assuming Raxxla =Paradise and MB would have located it in Heaven (FD server) only accessible (instanced) by finding and travelling the golden staircase (Omphalos Rift). So we need to find Heavens Gate!
Click to expand...

Yes I believe it’s very likely, and probably lots of Cmdrs have now visited the system but whatever Raxxla is it’s possibly so innocuous, everyone probably just ignores it.

For instance I’d known of the garden stations like everyone else since their introduction but ‘never’ actually looked at them and not made any association with Milton - until only recently.

That’s not due to ignorance, but because sometimes we are overly aware of apophenia, to trust our senses. So I would not be surprised to find it in a busy system.

The preconception may likewise be exaggerated beyond the reality of what Raxxla is.

In considering the Codex as ‘information’ prior to this Raxxla was described by Holdstock as a body (planet/moon) with an alien construct. Guarded by Elites of some mysterious group (The Dark Wheel).

In ED that description can either fit Guardian tech descriptions, or held by some sinister cabal. This all could marry in with the in game The Dark Wheel faction but in the ED game we can presumably accept this is now long dead, only replaced by some sham - confirmed by Drew, insinuated by the Codex.

New information is, the existence of the Mars relic, known to have gone missing/lost/stolen. It’s likely this was also a narrative element, gleaned from Brookes admitting so in a Dev video.

New information is, the Dark Wheel has a low power station around the eighth moon of a gas giant. Low power may mean - can’t be found on a scanner.

Additional new information is, Raxxla may just be an unremarkable moon; or a state on cosmic enlightenment!

I think the last couple of new elements identify an area where such an objective may become ultimately difficult to locate - if our expectations are set too high?
Last edited: Mar 21, 2024
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and SpaceGoblin