Rochester
Mar 21, 2024
#33,672
Orion isn’t truly part of the text, it’s utilised only once to my memory in association to describe an on coming storm, because that constellation position in our sky used to be associated with inclement weather.

The Miltonian model, does not extend outside the bubble. To my knowledge.

There are indications - in my opinion - that might identify certain focal points ‘might’ align with certain exterior locations, but there are no direct relationships, only a visual alignment with a very low level of reliability. I could speculate these could have been part of some archeological narrative markers?

I would consider that the reference to “Legacy” is another clue, likewise with regards to the reference to a unique burial method, in the tour, might be intended to direct our attention to Brookes book ‘Elite Legacy’.

Again the Codex could be hinting towards Legacy in regards to the reference to a ‘children’s story’.

There likely is some key stone element in that book towards kick-starting a route towards uncovering Raxxla, to date other than some potential references to the triple deity Artemis, Demeter etc. I’ve not been able to decipher any more.

Although an enjoyable read, it is rather dry and filled with minutiae seemingly trivial details, a lot of the data too might be inaccurate, eg various systems / ship elements don’t exist - at minimum this might be because it was written very earlier than launch, but Brookes was obviously immensely intelligent, and had a sense of humour so I would not rule out he inserted something into the book. So it’s a strong candidate still in my opinion.

Again there is always the issue that we are over thinking elements, or certain aspects we’ve identified are archeological. FD could have inserted certain aspects after-the-fact, to mitigate broken links!

Remember the hypothetical garden design, if correct is likewise evidence of very ‘obvious’ clues having existed in game from the outset that everyone has been totally complacent about.

Granted one does require ’eyes to see’!
Last edited: Mar 21, 2024
Reactions:
SpaceGoblin and selbie