CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 28, 2021
#23,072
simulacrae said:
Digging more into the idea that Raxxla is related to some kind of early contact (think Sumerian) with earth by Thargoids. Relating to the Gilgamesh Myth / Huluppu Tree . Possibly also Innana/Dumuzid (a little weaver girl/cowherd connection for HZ) . Also where Gilgamesh learns from Utnapishtim (the far away) of a secret of the gods... a plant like a buckthorn... which brings back youth...

Imagine a thargoid ship floating over a barnacle... with the Pleiades in the sky

SPOILER: ANCIENT THARGOIDS

Ya still playing with idea that Art Tornquist (Thorny Branch) and his gal Cora (kore) relates to Holdstocks fascination with Mating with the Earth and the Thorn and the Stone.... ya Nothing terribly new - I found out that the Norse Giants were also called "" (when they werent being called jotun). ... how this translates into a path we have to follow... still working on that.
Click to expand...
NEWSFLASH: There is no singular path to Raxxla. The entire thing is designed so you can come at it from a multitude of angles and many cultures and still end up with similar conclusions if you pay attention to the larger themes (regardless they all map to the area of the sky surrounding Ursa Major). Cora is also a reference to Persephone. There are many roads because the core stories have similar origins (Sumeria, Egypt, and Anatolia). They were then modified by each culture but the themes remain identical. We need to quit bickering as a community that whether one interpretation is right or not. With the Alleged Toast of the the Dark Wheel the important part is the region of the sky your references point to ultimately. If they point to these area involving these seven constellations (Andromeda, Centaurus, Ursa Major, Draco, Coma Berenices, Canes Venatacci, and Virgo) you are on the right path. The Alleged Toast is the map. The Raxxla Codex is how to interpret the map and what things are related to finding Raxxla. Quit obsessing about small details... it was written in such a way you can make the connections. We already have enough though to find Raxxla if you understand the core themes and the seach area.

PS: The only reason I haven't posted more is I am working on refining data on what exactly represents Astrophel/Astrophil in the hopes of making more accurate predictions. I have a list of tests that should start resuming in early May.

Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, X8785 and [PS4] Filthymick420