Rochester
Feb 28, 2023
#29,338
Of course, it is utterly unknown if FD are talking about one specific game element (which needs to be activated to be interacted with (eg USS) or a whole lot of other audiovisual ’things’ spread throughout the game which need to be experienced in their totality to be truly understood.. or as FD hinted, to read between the lines!

So whatever it is, it’s indirect.

Now being in a petulant mood this morning, due to RL situations, I threw that (politely) at FD Support, who did respond saying:

“Having just spoken to Arthur, we can confirm that the story content we were referring to was subtle environmental storytelling. As this is narrative / lore related, we aren't able to comment on the specifics and players will just need to pay attention to small details.”

So what do FD consider subtle environmental storytelling, is it within one particular element, or across several, is this in Legacy; in 4.0 or Odyssey!

Is it in the USS’s alone; in adverts in stations; NPC chatter on outposts; the tattoos on Mission givers foreheads… if you don’t engage with such areas (Legacy or to call it correctly ’Console’) then you will not be privy to all of such information.

I really appreciate the work FD put into the game, but they still need to be clear about their nudges IMO, if this is 4.0 or Legacy related.

If FD are saying it’s right under our noses, but we just aren’t seeing it, which schism are they addressing?

My gut tells me it’s likely Odyssey content, so those of us on Console / Horizons won’t see these ‘clues’, and this harks back to the terrible suspicion that Raxxla is narratively locked, at least to 4.0. Because you wouldn’t want Legacy’s players finding content you spent more money on building clues for in 4.0, that’s just poor economics - unless it’s just the Thargoid narrative.

By my count that’s about 30% of their audience missing out if true; if that’s the case, no wonder nobody hasn’t found it…

Environmental Storytelling
As a game designer, what can you do with a huge open world filled with thousands of different kinds of objects? You can tell stories with the environment itself.
www.gamedeveloper.com

This has me irked, I am irked… so have opened it up outside the context of Raxxla… of course this all might just be about Thargoids and not Raxxla of course… but…

Thread 'Environmental storytelling'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/environmental-storytelling.614714/
Last edited: Feb 28, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Macros Black