SergMx
Feb 27, 2023
#29,325
Rochester said:
So following on from my ramblings about USS’s… these apparently are generated based upon a number of factors.

Firstly different types of USS are situated in particular locations in a system: deep space; shipping lanes; and what FD call a sphere of influence?

Then these spawn based upon various factors: that systems allegiance; the BGS; security state and the system area.

So if FD were using the USS to inject a Raxxla story, unless these were unique - eg they just pop up anywhere!, the location may actually restrict certain types of USS from appearing?

So in theory if we are looking in the wrong locations, we still might not bump into or trigger the right USS????

This seems contradictory to what was described in the livestream, if they were talking about Raxxla being in USS….they might not.

It might work if they chose specific locations which trigger these USS, the most logical would be Tau Ceti????

Now as I’ve discussed I don’t actually engage with USS’s anymore; I don’t grind mats so I’ve no reason to interact with them, never stood long enough to listen to them, last time likely was in the early days looking for Trinkets and honestly I don’t actually recall any dialogue…


Above is an old guide, which does state: Non-persistant (Except in very rare cases with story related content, or other FDev hand crafted content).

So I wonder which instances produce said dialogue? And if they don’t, what on Zeus kneecap are FD on about!!!

When I’m exploring I do scan them; my original thinking was - maybe Raxxla appears as a unique situation and we would know it when we saw it…

But FD statements have unbalanced me, if it is a USS then maybe it doesn’t show up within the text, and we need to - as I hypothesised - listen in and join the dots of spurious stories! and this leads us elsewhere!

Currently tooling aimlessly around Pandemonium, next time in game I’m going to look back at Tau Ceti and see if anything comes of this, but I am highly doubtful.
Click to expand...
I think the problem is something else. For example, Raxxla is a planet (for example). Naturally, since it is hidden it will have a different name or number in the catalogs and on the maps.
How do we know that this planet (or something else) is Raxxla?

Upd.
Sorry, my native language is not English. But the mechanic from Tau-kita said they were going to stop by Raxla on the way back.
I don't know how to spell it in English, but in my language it means a place of a certain kind.
I mean, you can look at a planet or a station, but you can't look at the system, for example. You can look into the system.
Last edited: Feb 27, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian