Jorki Rasalas
Feb 27, 2023
#29,321
Rochester said:
Well he did comment about Raxxla on a previous interview, which would introduce the assumption he does know something.

If he has said he knows nothing, then either that denotes duplicity or that statement was only true at that particular time?

AT also mentions Raxxla in his Chan 4 skit… I’m doubtful he’s 100% ignorant.

Source:




AT “It’s there. Clearly it’s there. I’ve said this in another stream, I’ll say it today, it’s been going a longtime. The payoff would have to be great, and that’s all I will say on it”.
Click to expand...
Mmm, I’d assume, if he’s the lead CM for narrative, that he ought to know something about Raxxla, perhaps only in general terms but not the fine details? I think his denial of knowledge was in the early days, perhaps in the Grinning Crow interview? (See my signature for FD Quotes thread).

But I’ve quickly looked at this recent livestream. Think I’m going to have to watch it all the way through (it does look more interesting than the last few I watched, about a year or so ago, BUT TWO hours long! Really???), but it’s clear from what they say that FD are now using USS to add in supplementary narrative. Dont think that has always been the case, as Ive dropped into some USS to find convoys aimlessly milling around with no comms before they warp off somewhere (or don't...). At around 1:48:00 Arthur seems to say “this is the early doors of the war”, and the other two neither look surprised nor attempt to correct that mistake (“misspoke” ), and it’s at 1:49:00 when the triangular hand shape is made just as Arthur is talking about a big competition prize coming up, so maybe the winner gets their very own green glowing Guardian relic?

That “slip” about “doors” might be significant. We know of the Guardian site doors that we have never managed to open, maybe we can now? Any other doors stand out? Space station doors? Odyssey settlement doors?
Last edited: Feb 27, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Rochester and 1 other person