Rochester
Feb 27, 2023
#29,323
So following on from my ramblings about USS’s… these apparently are generated based upon a number of factors.

Firstly different types of USS are situated in particular locations in a system: deep space; shipping lanes; and what FD call a sphere of influence?

Then these spawn based upon various factors: that systems allegiance; the BGS; security state and the system area.

So if FD were using the USS to inject a Raxxla story, unless these were unique - eg they just pop up anywhere!, the location may actually restrict certain types of USS from appearing?

So in theory if we are looking in the wrong locations, we still might not bump into or trigger the right USS????

This seems contradictory to what was described in the livestream, if they were talking about Raxxla being in USS….they might not.

It might work if they chose specific locations which trigger these USS, the most logical would be Tau Ceti????

Now as I’ve discussed I don’t actually engage with USS’s anymore; I don’t grind mats so I’ve no reason to interact with them, never stood long enough to listen to them, last time likely was in the early days looking for Trinkets and honestly I don’t actually recall any dialogue…

Guide / Tutorial - Unidentified Signal Sources: A Complete Guide
USS Guide: (Unknown Signal Source) 1) Supercruise System regions: A supercruise instance is separated into different regions, and can be identified in the lower left HUD panel (system & target information): Shipping Lanes: Areas traveled between arrival star and various population centers...
forums.frontier.co.uk

Above is an old guide, which does state: Non-persistant (Except in very rare cases with story related content, or other FDev hand crafted content).

So I wonder which instances produce said dialogue? And if they don’t, what on Zeus kneecap are FD on about!!!

When I’m exploring I do scan them; my original thinking was - maybe Raxxla appears as a unique situation and we would know it when we saw it…

But FD statements have unbalanced me, if it is a USS then maybe it doesn’t show up within the text, and we need to - as I hypothesised - listen in and join the dots of spurious stories! and this leads us elsewhere!

Currently tooling aimlessly around Pandemonium, next time in game I’m going to look back at Tau Ceti and see if anything comes of this, but I am highly doubtful.
Last edited: Feb 27, 2023
Reactions:
Macros Black