CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Feb 27, 2023
#29,326
This is just my thoughts on what we are looking for based on my knowledge of Holdstock and his contribution to the Elite Universe's lore:

The first mention of the Oisir-Raxxlans is in the book "Alien World: A Complete Illustrated Guide". This was written under the pseudonym "Steven Eisler". The book also mentioned The Dark Wheel (not just a ultra secretive group) but a galaxy and the Talmor Lens.
Talmor Lens was a network of structures meant to control time itself. The parts were as follows: a million lenses, a million stabilizers, a million power harnesses, structure to twist the flow of space so that time would cease in a globular cluster which is called the Saramandara Pearls. I have suspicions the focal point is the Omega Centauri globular cluster (largest in the Milky Way Galaxy - aka NGC 5139).
The book "Tour of the Universe" extends this idea further (written under Robert Holdstock and Malcolm Edwards). In the old Galactic Cooperative, there are three stargates: Magellan, Trax, and Cirax. The description states:
Stargates are distortions in space; they are also distortions in time, a fact that is often overlooked. It is also far too easy to think of a stargate as a single 'hole' from one part of the galaxy to another. Whilst there certainly is a main bore, or Eye, most Stargates have peripheral connections with "edge-sinks"; small difficult to find, leading to unknown destinations, these sinks have nevertheless been the cause (and eventually the explanation) of a number of early mysterious disappearances associated with Stargates.
These appear to be systems with multiple black holes but this is not certain. Still working out if we have to do something to activate. There are multiple systems within 2,500 LY that are multiple black hole systems.
A famous disappearance happens at Stargate Trax on Christmas Eve in the year 2286. The ship that disappeared was IS Ambassador from Earth. The opposite end of this particular Stargate is Stargate Tethys.
Reactions:
simulacrae, SergMx and Darrack