Machina Ergo Sum
Jan 5, 2020
#14,491
Rochester said:
Conspiracy is a strong word.

Conspiracy suggests the act of obstruction and of individuals acting together for their own intersts usual to the detriment of others and to obscure nafarious activities..

But lets remind ourselves this is a game, developed by a company of employees paid to do their jobs. Failure to do that they risk unemployment, and worst still for a games programmer, poor reputation which would stop them finding future employment.

We all employ professionalism. If we're unable to do so, its either due to bad working conditions, management or we lack certain skills, or we're just in the wrong job.

We are all probably placing far too much emphasis on Raxxla being some sort of knights templar level secret. Its likely just an easter egg.

Cleverly hidden randomly in a haystack as large as...erm a galaxy.

Previously 'hidden' items may also be out there, and in the past FD have had to resort to drop hints.

The Thargoids had their own established 'bible' well before they were in game. Laying around the FD offices, so that at least is evidence of FD staff being able to be professional.

Yes the Thargoids were leaked but it's as equally plausible those instances were intentional (IMO).

If you follow that vein of thought then its more likely Raxxla ISNT that big a deal.

That could be the reason behind MB/DB's somewhat off-hand or incredulous attitudes towards it.

Yes it could also be a great game changing secret. That would be cool. And as stated above MB / DB's behaviour is probably evidence of that.

Who knows.

But lets not call FD conspiritors. They're a business.
Click to expand...

Which is exactly my point. The importance of Raxxla is subjective and a nothingburger to most people. The raison d'etre of Elite Dangerous is mainly as a game. If Raxxla is personally important to the few people, then it is probable that they had kept it among the few.

I have to invoke Grice's razor on @Darth Ender comment on "We know where it is". In a linguistic context, its probably just a metaphorical "we" which can mean any number of person. In which case, Will may not know anything of import.

Regardless, it is a moot point. Watch the video and Will's comment in context is innocuous.

But by all means, all those who believe in asteroid fields, go ahead and search them, I watch with interest. Don't let those who say it can't be done stop you
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and Rochester