Six6VI
Jan 4, 2020
#14,485
Rochester said:
Conspiracy is a strong word.

Conspiracy suggests the act of obstruction and of individuals acting together for their own intersts usual to the detriment of others and to obscure nafarious activities..

But lets remind ourselves this is a game, developed by a company of employees paid to do their jobs. Failure to do that they risk unemployment, and worst still for a games programmer, poor reputation which would stop them finding future employment.

We all employ professionalism. If we're unable to do so, its either due to bad working conditions, management or we lack certain skills, or we're just in the wrong job.

We are all probably placing far too much emphasis on Raxxla being some sort of knights templar level secret. Its likely just an easter egg.

Cleverly hidden randomly in a haystack as large as...erm a galaxy.

Previously 'hidden' items may also be out there, and in the past FD have had to resort to drop hints.

The Thargoids had their own established 'bible' well before they were in game. Laying around the FD offices, so that at least is evidence of FD staff being able to be professional.

Yes the Thargoids were leaked but it's as equally plausible those instances were intentional (IMO).

If you follow that vein of thought then its more likely Raxxla ISNT that big a deal.

That could be the reason behind MB/DB's somewhat off-hand or incredulous attitudes towards it.

Yes it could also be a great game changing secret. That would be cool. And as stated above MB / DB's behaviour is probably evidence of that.

Who knows.

But lets not call FD conspiritors. Their a business.
Click to expand...
Conspiracies range in severity, from sharing air in an elevator with the cutie from level 6 reception, to making private dinner plans. It may also include industrial cabals colluding to fix prices, or replacement life cycles of "competing" products or even covert groups using the news media to confuse the public.

In this context, making business plans behind an NDA to ensure secrecy from the customers fits well.

[Note: They're not maliciously designing digital assets to kill their customers, it's supposed to be fun.]
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420