CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 4, 2023
#31,959
SergMx said:
Do you know why I think Raxla and the Guardians are connected? I've played Elite1, Frontier and a little bit of FFE, but nowhere is there any mention of the Guardians !
The closest thing to Guardians is in FFE journals. Enaness in Frontier gazetteer also features ruins of an alien civilization (my personal belief is that Fomalhaut is Enaness - with the Earth-like named Conversion the special planet) Also, we have mention of Oresrians in the The Dark Wheel novella. The lore likes to play games with language. Would not rule out Oresrians are what we call Guardians. It is left an open-ended question as to whether the other species still exists. That said, I think it does and I am pretty sure not all Guardians were entirely wiped from existence.

From the FFE Journals:



LANGUAGE AS AN EXPRESSION OF BELIEF
M.C.S

It has long been known that language follows culture and that the linguistic development of a race often moves in a step-like mode, following the military or other cultural cataclysms that afflict it. For the first time in human development, we now have the opportunity to inter-act with another species at a conscious level, to examine their world-view and to match its development against our own without the pressures of war and the oppression of the victor over the victim as an incentive.

The cultural opportunities available to us now are enormous and we urge every galactic citizen to make full use of whatever data are forthcoming. Development continues in the putative ‘new trading centres’ in the three political powers, however, as previously stated, we doubt whether there will be sufficient requirement for counter-trade for these to be viable.

ANOTHER SPECIES?
M.C.S

Further details of Thargoid cultural history are coming to light as the co-operative team on the trans-species ship currently sitting North of the Edge* are able to communicate in more depth with our newly re-discovered galactic neighbours.

They are, as predicted by Professor Innitu, inherently peaceable although there appears to have been a long history of warfare in the period before the beginning of what it so be renamed the First Trans-Galactic Conflict (previously known as the Thargoid Wars). In an era corresponding to the second millennium and expanding into the early part of the third, the Thargoids were in a constant state of armed conflict.

What is not yet clear from the details made available is whether the war was inter or intra species - that is, whether Tharg was fighting Tharg (Different races? Different Species? Different cultures? Different politics?) for dominance of a small sector of space or whether there was another, unnamed species involved.

IF the latter was the case, then we must ask ourselves the question: do they still exist? If so, how are they? If not, how and why were they destroyed?

COMMON HISTORY OF VIOLENCE
M.C.S

Both sentient Galactic species share, it seems, a common history of violence. The difference is that whereas humanity confined itself to wiping out members of its own species in the hundreds of thousands in the name of religion and progress, the Thargoids wiped out an entire sentient species. The full details of the past are not clear yet. In fact, it is not entirely obvious whether the ‘third race’ is genuinely extinct or whether they have merely retreated out of range.

The Thargoid’s suggestion is that the third race is aggressive in intent, that it is being held back by fear of our joint technology and that it is likely to attack once more when it believes that its own technology has progressed to the point where it would win an all-out Galactic conflict. Their fear is that if the human/android race explores far beyond the current confines of inhabited space (as is likely once alien technology becomes widely available) then we may be at risk of attack and may even provoke a ‘third race’ attack on our relatively unprotected sector of the Galaxy.

The alien inter-actors have been at pains to point out that they have no wish whatsoever to enter into any further conflict, with ourselves or any other sentient species and they would almost certainly avoid taking part in any such war unless their own home systems was under direct threat. That leaves us in an almost identical position to the one we were in a short time ago: there are sentients out there, we don’t know where they are and we don’t know what they want, but there’s every chance that they will come and get us - sometime. In view of this, we advise that Federal citizens think carefully before travelling outwith the current safe zone.
----
* - North of the Edge references the area generally in the direction of the Big Dipper/Littlle Dipper and Ursa Major/Ursa Minor. There are a number of Alliance systems that make up these constellations/asterisms. Phekda (Gamma Ursae Majoris) is also part of this area of sky. This was determined by going through lots of journals and doing comparisons on references.
Last edited: Nov 4, 2023
Reactions:
SergMx