Rochester
Nov 5, 2023
#31,960
New line of investigation - does a Holdstock map exist in game?

Without giving too much away from the book Ragthorn, by Robert Holdstock, he establishes a temple honouring a thorn tree, this is surrounded by 4 alters, birth, maturity, old age and an unknown fourth as well as a succession of clues called the Rune for Thorn.

In regards to these three deities Holdstock used the term in his Lost Realms book as: fecundity, motherhood and the hag of death.

This tri-partite goddess typically is described as being the maiden (youth); the mother and the crone; symbolism for the female life cycle and phases of the moon.

Interestingly in Robert Holdstocks ‘Ragthorn’ he actually flips this description to the masculine!

This deification of thorn trees goes back to Celtic / Saxon / Norse roots where said tree marks the axis mundi and a path to the ‘Otherworld’.

Considering the high likelihood of the existence of the Lost Realms zone, I believe this acts primarily as an Easter Egg dedication to Robert Holdstock, but is also I’m certain a replication of the above cosmology.

The tree in question in game is that established by the Yggdrasil systems, which does sit directly over the system axis Mundi and these Lost Realms. It is abstractly mirroring this Holdstock / Celtic cosmological concept.

If the above assessment is correct it ought only be logical that FD might utilise other Holdstock references; such as a series of triad-deities or a coded metaphor for the Rune of Thorn, to build this construct, so it follows contextualisation.

In many aspects again, I suspect many of the wider pantheon were built earlier on as part of a larger, likely now archived narrative, or as a conglomerate to both obfuscate but also direct ‘those with eyes to see’; however such architectures are obvious - once observed, so it ought to follow logic that, unless the goal is far simpler other elements might’ve been utilised, of course they’ve may not.

Robert Holdstock’s Ragthorn
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10221201

As you will have observed from my investigations within and around this zone there are a plethora of systems which can be attributable to ‘older gods’ which do follow a clear positioning and grouping, likewise these do have a dense focal point within the centre of the Lost Realms Zone, with applicable relative relationships.

An obvious addition in recent months also are the beacons from the Brookes Galactic Tours which directly reflect on Raxxla and John Milton as well as aspects from Brookes book Legacy. The first leg of this tour passes right through this Lost Realm zone.

Collectively this I believe identifies a hotspot zone of influence.

As Above So Below - The Older Gods
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10198372

*Image: all lower gods, the Brookes tour in green, and focal point of Lost Realms


My next series of investigations will look towards attempting to re-catalog those various systems in the ‘lower realm’ beneath Sol; into applicable sub-groups so as to assess if there are any attributable common themes. Eg deities linked to water; death, Thorn trees etc, to attempt to assess if there are any patterns, or not, or if they follow the arrangements set out by Holdstock in his various works.

Do these systems mark the alters protecting the sanctity of Raxxla? I’m doubtful but, I have noted a proliferation of female deities, but an odd number of similar male variants…

Likewise there are two systems very close to each other named after the runic alphabets, Futhorc and Futhark situated within the Lost Realms sector?

My hypothesis has been these Lost Realms are as Holdstock ascribed, variants of an ‘Eden/Paradise’, but that they ‘Obfuscate’ the real paradise or doorway to the Otherworld (aka Raxxla).

What if there is a Holdstock map in game that mirrors ‘Ragthorn’, but rather than using a female triad, FD has used a male variant?

Additionally I might presume any deity linked to an Underworld, Water or Storms are actually linked to the wider Lost Reams concept, and possibly represent a boundary area?

*this post is being updated with various findings. The list below is not definitive.

Image: ‘lower older gods’ (below Sol) ascribed to Birth, Paternity and Death

Birth / Youth (green) lower realm
Aine - Celtic goddess of fertility, sister of Boann.
Baal - Canaanite male god of fertility, associated source for Beezlebub.
Epona - Celtic goddess of horses and fertility.
Erlik - Hungarian god of death / Underworld.
Cernunnos - Celtic male fertility god.
Idunn - Norse goddess of the apples of eternal youth!
Qetesh - Canaanite goddess of fertility / Egyptian goddess lady of the stars of heaven!
Mabon - Welsh male god of Light and youth.
Tlaloc - Aztec male god of fertility and of water.
Morana - Slavic goddess of death and rebirth.

Motherhood (blue) lower realm
Aramzahd - Armenian male creator god.
Anu - Celtic Earth mother linked to triad of the Morrigan.
Dana - Celtic Earth mother, mother of all things.
Don - Welsh legend, mother goddess, but equally could be male.
Nana Buluku - Yoruba mother goddess, creator of all things.
Yemaia - Yoruba deity mother goddess.
Mara - Slavic Earth mother.

Death (purple) lower realm
Giltine - Lithuanian Goddess of death, the reaper, sister of Laima.
Donn - Celtic male god of death, the dark one.
Mot - Canaanite male god of death.
Obaluaye - Yoruba male god of disease but also healing.
Soponna - (alt male name Obaluaye, Sakpata, Shakpana) Yoruba deity of disease.
Arawn - Welsh male Lord of the Otherworld / lord of death.
Ankou - Breton male servant of death.
Erio - Basque male god of death.
Czernobog - Slavic male god of death.
Morana - Slavic goddess of death and rebirth.
Nergal - Sumerian male god of death.
Irkalla - Sumerian goddess of death.
Nehebkau - Egyptian god of afterlife.
Imset - Egyptian god of afterlife.
Anubis - Egyptian god of afterlife.
Aker - Egyptian god guardian of underworld.
Mot - Canaanite god of death.



Initial conclusions

This hypothesis seems to have legs but is nevertheless missing feet.

This analysis is still under compilation but evidently there is a concentration of ‘death/underworld’ deities directly within the ‘Lost Realms’ zone. It currently also look apparent that other deities linked to fertility extend below this zone but likewise are localised and maternal deities are focused higher up.

This might identify an intelligence gap; namely that this list could be inconclusive and there could be additional systems not yet discovered in these general areas.

Again I suspect the hypothesis of a triad is too wide and such systems have another unknown purpose, but they likely are linked to a Celtic tradition of a separation boundary and denote an area where the ‘Otherworld’ exists, again this could be nothing more than obfuscation, or it could be evidence of a focal point.

By attempting to re-catalog all these systems into sub-groups it is becoming apparent there exists some correlation.

Data collection continues…

Potential list of deities for cross reference and in game systems, and future addition to this investigation.
Gods of fertility
Gods of death

*additional point: the following list of lower Older gods have been sorted, but yet not re-mapped and for now omitted. Considering the above hypothesis this search will now include the ‘upper realm’ too, this list is inconclusive at present and is being updated.

An early assumption is these are more likely an extension of the Lost Realms, as Holdstock talked of the Underworld, and of water separating the realm of the Otherworld (those attributed to storm may also be linked to water), if this hypothesis is correct the we ought to see visually all or a large preparation of these types of god named systems within the ‘lower’ realm.

When I have the time I will plot these and over lay with maps of the Lost Realm (TBC).

Water
Apsu - Babylonian origin god, underground fresh waters (lower).
Long - Chinese water dragon (lower).
Tiamat - Mesopotamian primordial god of the sea (lower).
Tlaloc - Aztec male god of fertility and of water

Thunder/Storms
Teshub - Hurrians storm god.
Lei Gong - Chinese thunder god (lower).
Oya Latin American goddess of storms, but also children (lower).
Shango - Yoruba god of thunder and lighting (lower).

Underworld
El Tio - Bolivian male lord of underworld (linked to St. Michael) (lower).
Erlik - Turkic male Lord of underwold, resides in the 9th level of underworld (lower).
Yawa - Filipino slang for demon (lower).
Last edited: Nov 26, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Edelgard von Rhein and Shadowsnog