Rochester
Nov 3, 2023
#31,950
Louis Calvert said:
Yeah, they had thousands of years (about 6,000 as a spacefaring race iirc) and that's, apparently, the maximum they achieved. What we've done, we did in 9 years (excluding the Bubble that took us 1000 years to consolidate with less convenient tech).

In 9 years developed small colonies in most major 'landmarks' anywhere near the bubble, and the galactic core, and dozens of stations and outposts between Colonia and the bubble, and also Colonia and it's mini bubble, the Pleiades bubble which is now heavily populated. The Witch Head Nebula and California Nebula have pretty sizable presences... Plus all the fleet carriers out there and odd systems with stations and bases that are outside the bubble.

We can travel across the entire galactic disc in a day using 'free' hydrogen fuel because of FSD. There's literally no resource or technology bottleneck to prevent us (eventually) settling across the entire galaxy over time, as we've shown we're doing already. We now have thousands of Fleet Carriers in private hands, each capable of transporting ships, personnel and supplies anywhere in the Galaxy in a few hours or days and () establishing settlements and permanent bases.

Projecting forward at this rate of expansion (because, why not?) then you could easily imagine that in a thousand years we'd have pretty heavily populated most of the Galaxy - far, far more than the Guardians seemed to have done in far, far more time.

So my question was... what stopped the Guardians doing that before they became extinct? Why they everywhere, why aren't we tripping over Guardian relics everywhere we go (like we find Thargoid probes in every Ammonia-bearing system across the Galaxy), why we finding their version of fleet carrier-wrecks and space-stations drifting in lagrange points all over the place, or crashed onto planets? I can go to almost any planet within a decent radius of the bubble and find a wreck of a human ship...

Or, they colonise most of the galaxy and or cleared up most of the signs of their galactic civilisation, leaving only what we do find? Like the Constructs, maybe, for some reason. Or the Thargoids did a clean-sweep but left the bits near us. If so, that raised a lot of questions about Raxxla, since surely such a vital and impressive bit of technology(?) would be found by these "sweepers" if they're scouring every bit of Guardian junk from the Galaxy.

Or... and this is what got me thinking about it - what if we're only seeing the remains of the Guardians. If (for example) there was a stargate in any of the permit-locked sectors near Guardian space that led to the Andromeda galaxy, or another Universe entirely, and where the Guardians came from originally, then the small expansion into our Galaxy makes much more sense, since it's just their 'frontier' outposts. This is just a portion of their entire civilisation. Obvs that's entirely speculation, but maybe there's something in the Guardian logs that can prove this idea definitely isn't viable?


*only limited by the fact that players can't actually set up permanent bases yet.
They had a neural net and essentially evolved into a higher life form / or murdered by an AI (take your pick). Maybe it’s that boring old trope - we are the guardians and we’re in our own simulation, we’re just playing humans vs Thargoids…

I got the impression they were alien, ergo they are not prescribed to our nature, and were ‘environmentalists’ - that could explain why most of their biological / biochemical footprint was erased… or they simply did not need to explore nor colonise every inch, it simply was not in their nature.

Or like the Thargoids it was pushed by environmental resource factors, there is evidence they colonised large areas, maybe they just ignored the really boring bits

Or it’s due to a lack of imagination…
Last edited: Nov 3, 2023
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian