Han_Zen
Jun 23, 2021
#23,783
Jorki Rasalas said:
I think there’s supposed to be another installment in the Azimuth Biochemicals storyline starting with Thursday’s server tick.

Tyko has reported nothing found so far in his search around the outer planets and moons. It strikes me the hexagonality of the Raxxla logo strongly suggests Saturn, which seems to be further strengthened by the Toast; I’m thinking Mother of Galaxies =Gaia and Jewel in her Crown is Sol (galnet post, Gaia faction)
Whisperer and Siren are both Venus (Marvel comic characters)
So the toast gives directions to move from Sol towards the outer planets.
Parent’s Grief & Lover’s Woe could be either Saturn (Greek Titan Cronus), Uranus (his father) or Rhea (Cronus’s sister & spouse, he swallowed her children).

But the mention of the Omphalos Rift is leaning me strongly towards Rhea since she gave the Omphalos Stone to Cronus in lieu of Zeus. Tyko’s had a look around there (among most of the other outer planet moons), but may have another look. But what is he looking for? Do we think a 2001SO monolith is likely? Should it be in orbit, since Raxxla should not require Horizons, or do we think that has been retconned?
Click to expand...
If we go by the old story that Raxxla is a planet (or moon) with an alien portal, I don't think FD has switched planets. The portal (omphalos rift / alien construct), could well have been moved from an orbital position, to a ground position. They can do this without messing with any lore, as long as Raxxla goes undiscovered.

The 2001 story reads like a blueprint to a post-guardian species. First they are physical, then uploaded to a computer network and finally independent of any physical manifestation. There are still plenty of operational automated guardian machinery. The caretakers may still be in control of the network and the devices.
The guardian relic and the obelisk prisms (same thing probably) can switch from black to crystal and seem to have more to them, than we have discovered. They are in many ways similar to the 2001 monoliths. The towers may even be launchers to send them out in space, like a huge shard cannon?

There is a small hint in guardian history 3, that the caretakers may predate the guardians. A dimming of their sun causes a climate change that accelerates their development. Pushing the development of a primitive but intelligente species and dimming / blocking a sun are both things the Firstborn do in the 2001 series.

How this is connected to Raxxla, I don't know. I doubt the Club would have leaked the guardian sites, if it would give an easy path to Raxxla.
Reactions:
Exekrator, simulacrae, Ryuto and 1 other person