Rochester
Jun 24, 2021
#23,795
Milton, Alexander’s Pirate, and Merchant Empires in the East

https://oxford.universitypressschol...8777687.001.0001/oso-9780198777687-chapter-10

There is of course a slight correlation between John Milton (MB favourite author) and Alexander the Great with Paradise Lost and… the Dutch…

*edit: although classically taught, I’ve never really read John Milton in full, could never get past the religious context, but one thing this thread has helped with is, for me to re-evaluate certain classics, outside their literary context - such as Sidney, at school never looked at him in relation to the occult and astrology until the Codex, back then it was just a 16th century kinky book.

Source: https://dai.ly/x3e0afj

I recall MBs own words from his blog “I’m no scholar” so I’m wondering if the non-literary format/s he utilised may hold some interpretation, for now the below article is enough for me to justify dusting off the Milton and track down this ‘Parallel Prose Edition’ for a giggle.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9120739

And please remember; Milton was actually blind (those with eyes to see) and a musician who was an exponent of the silent song of the spheres.

‘This chapter examines John Milton’s allusions to Alexander the Great in Paradise Lost, with particular emphasis on his critique of the Dutch East Indies Empire and their English imitators. It considers how Alexander figures mercantile heroism in the age of commerce by focusing on the ways in which Paradise Lost responds to the global spice trade from both sides of the Euro-Asian encounter. The chapter analyzes Milton’s dual characterization of Satan in Paradise Lost as emperor and merchant as well as his depiction of both God and Satan as monarchs. These divergent characterizations of Satan as merchant and as king may be reconciled by recognizing Milton’s allusion to Augustine’s anecdote about the pirate’s critique of Alexander as a tyrant. The chapter also explores colonialism in Paradise Lost, Asia as a significant context for intra-European relations, and Milton’s concern with issues of sovereignty in the East Indies trade.’


Last edited: Jun 27, 2021
Reactions:
Macros Black, Jorki Rasalas, GURU-951 and 1 other person