Jorki Rasalas
Nov 30, 2022
#28,169
Virtual Yoda said:
I'm sure I remember reading in this thread "SOMEWHERE" that F Dev confirmed the missions were not related to the stories and were removed to avoid confusion. That could of all been complete - it might of been meant for one single who triggered them and went live by mistake.
I believe TDW and Raxxla are two separate things in game. The toast is merely from the old Dark Wheel the generation that had an idea where it was or something and that was used as the clue to us.

We have to assume that the codex information it trye to form and that there is a reason for ir, or we all migth aswell stop looking now.

TDW station may have more mentions of Raxxla, but i dont think that is the path to get to it. I agree that TDW station will just be massive lore points and data points.

In all the Fdev comments on Raxxla, they have said many things that I believe where indeed clues, even though they said they wont give any.

Things like, "it has to be a tiny bit obvious" "its a journey everyone has to take" "anyone can find it, and more than once"
They also say the system it is in was bonged and Raxxla not found, i'm not 100% sure of the wording on that, but if it was the system it "IS" in was visited this should mean Raxxla itself does not move systems, as that would become "WAS in" OFC that's also not 100% but with all the clouds around it i believe we also have to assume that the wording F Dev use for each answer is very carefully selected.

Those lines just affirm "IMO" that the toast is a path "journey" of us OR Raxxla itself, that we have to find - and to stop over thinking it.

IF you want to test the potentially false Dark Wheel in Shinraz, we should help the opposing factions and make it small enough for the Real DW to take out.
Easier said than done, I know especially with its location.

But Also, What do i Know hahah
Click to expand...

I put any potentially useful statement that I find by FD in my FD Quotes thread, linked in my signature. You would find it an interesting read.

Of course, it is entirely possible that TDW in ED is itself a huge red herring! Only there to provide a lore nod back to Holdstock’s novella with the 1984 game and an in-game link for the couple of “official ED novels” that used the concept (IIRC only Reclamation, Premonition, & And Here The Wheel). @Rochester: That would explain those comments by FD Support, and maybe they removed it because it is a red herring and was distracting too many players from the real storylines; I know I wasted a lot of time surface mapping and Mk1 Eyeball scanning the vicinity of 8th moon of many GG!

@Virtual Yoda: the long-removed E/F missions were counter-DW! The mission giver was Pilots Federation and were against TDW ships-read the mission descriptions that Macros has on the OP. I’ve not seen anything similar since their removal.
But I think it could be worthwhile people trying Passenger Missions to exotic places, especially any to the Triple Black Hole tourist beacon in HIP 63835; you might just find your passenger has some information....and you can also investigate the “comms installation” named Josie Rosa orbiting the planet also named “Josie Rosa” there.
Last edited: Nov 30, 2022
Reactions:
Rochester and John Stoutbeard