Jorki Rasalas
Jun 22, 2024
#34,278
Jorki Rasalas said:
I agree that the garden design, the toast, and the rest of the codex contain clues. However their meaning is not clear and there is a very large room for interpretation here. It is easy to fall into the trap of letting personal bias and pareidolia influence our thinking on this puzzle and we need to cross-check wherever possible. Without cross-validation there is a danger of speculation turning into theory. I have personally travelled thousands of LY in-game checking out various possible hypotheses...I think we have over-complicated things due to the wooliness of the available clues and great extent of obfuscation MB built into the puzzle.

I think there is at least one other clue - in Elite Legacy, where Julia hints that Raxxla is in Alliance space....how she would know that is not disclosed so we can't check it with hints the lore. However we can cross check it with the Paradise Lost-based cosmography you discovered, and Alliance space corresponds reasonably well with your Empyrean so I accept that as a valid clue.

Remember Allen Stroud told us DB was not keen on Holdstock...it may be that MB was, however that is not evidence for hypothesising that Raxxla is based on Holdstock's stories.

Let's consider the codex:
The toast has been the source of much speculation in this thread ever since the codex was released. Hence it is clearly obscure and any specific interpretation must be treated with caution. I pointed out how it could have been the initial clue leading us to Li Qing Jao station with it's garden design. There are many other possible interpretations: could be triangulation instructions, could be a sequence of places to visit ...any hypothesis needs to be checked for validity before it can form the basis for a sound theory.

"The legend of Raxxla has been circulating, in whispers, for centuries" could just be prose, or it could be a hint that Raxxla is an orbiting body?

" The quest for this mysterious place, the location of which is a deadly secret"- there are plenty of "deadly locations" in ED...is this a hint that it is in a very hot location (asteroid belt cluster? Very hot inner planet?) near a star? In a conflict zone or HazRes? In an anarchy system infested by pirates?
(don't forget MB's strange expression in the livestream when he said be careful when carrying illegal goods in Alliance space-might be a hint that Trinkets (illegal everywhere for some unknown reason) are needed to make Raxxla visible and would attract pirates like bees to honey)...I've not discounted this possibility, just got fed up with pirate interdictions so I'm nkt current,y carrying any.

Personally I suspect that the paragraph on Tau Ceti and 2296 is just flavour, setting the mood, but I could be wrong...there is no evidence to decide. All it definitely indicates is that the source of the Raxxla rumour is buried deep in history.

The "ancient myths" paragraph did it's job-it set you on the path to mapping them in-game, which led to the identification of the Paradise Lost cosmography, which then increased the weight of the garden design as a valid clue.

I'm undecided about the Omphalos Rift mention- could be flavour, could be a hint, could be just obfuscation while throwing uncertainty on the rest of the paragraph: "the children's story Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars, and soon lost credibility. Undaunted, some Raxxla seekers insisted that the story's author had cunningly concealed facts about the mysterious locale in his book as hints for those with eyes to see". I still suspect that this is the major clue in the codex..I don't believe in any shape or form that it points to Philip Sidney's Astrophil and Stella, that's obfuscation. I cannot see MB using Sidney's work as a clue (though it is likely that he'd use John Milton's Paradise Lost, his favourite book). Since we don't have access to this "children's book" then the book contents cannot be relevant, so the hint must be in the only thing we do have access to -the title. So that title is either a riddle, or an anagram. I've looked at riddles and not found a satisfactory solution. I've explored it as an anagram, and that is more promising. Of the 1500+ systems within Alliance space (Spansh system search within 65ly from Alioth) examining which of those system names fit as subanagrams of that book title reduces the potential contenders down to around 60. Contrast this with the same exercise in Fed space- there are many more valid subanagrams (I posted that list in this thread a couple of years ago), so this is an interesting filtering mechanism. I'm currently checking those 60 out to see which have planetary rings with 6 hotspots (garden design).

Elite Legacy also mentions Julia's book, about saving a Princess from an alien dragon. I jumped at that and did some initial hypothesising that the system name might be a subanagram of a dragon name from literature or mythology. While I haven't entirely discounted that possibility I am currently not letting it influence my reasoning- it could be author's flavour text, or obfuscation, or I may have interpreted it incorrectly.

The meaning of the garden design is also obscure, and pareidolia is an easy trap to fall into here.. The left panel clearly represents Paradise Lost cosmography, but how to interpret the middle and right panels? Four bodies (third ringed with 6 areas on interest-mineral hotspots?) seem to be indicated by the middle panel- but does that mean the system only contains 4 bodies or does it mean to look for the sequence of relative masses (from size of the circles) of those 4 bodies within a larger system? MB wanted to make this puzzle hard but soluble ("I think you have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious just so that people know what they are doing").

Paradise Lost highlights the "pendent world", & that concept is reinforced by the Brookes Tour final tourist beacon quotation. This fits with the hypothesis that Raxxla is (or is contained within) a hollow body, which fits with the hypothesis that the logo contains a hint to some form of Coriolis station-based object....we need to find it to ascertain the truth of the various possible theories. I'm not yet ready to disclose any conclusions.

I've hurt my back last night (bending down to check the state of a pizza in the oven) so I will not be doing any DIY today. Hence more flying after the essential morning dogwalk! More systems to visit, more hotspots to count....
Click to expand...
The one argument I see for the Omphalos Rift tunnel/gateway to Raxxla is that it would be a very good way of obfuscating the location of Raxxla from the file miners, who after 10 years have apparently not located it..so is Raxxla held on the FD server and only downloaded to the player if they trigger this unseen "rift"? However last week I found a reference that pointed out asteroids in planetary rings are not random and after mining regenerate after a couple of hours, hence they can be mapped for lucrative mining rapid revisit. They don't individually have bodyid numbers disclosed in the players journal file, just are identified by a common ""planet A/B ring" bodyid...so presumably there is another (hidden) mechanism behind their non-random repeatability & I'm guessing (wish I knew more about the game's implementation of planetary ring asteroids!) that this same hidden mechanism could be behind the obfuscation of Raxxla (assuming from the garden design that it is hidden within a planetary ring).
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian