Louis Calvert
Jun 21, 2024
#34,272
selbie said:
This sparked a memory of an earlier discussion about Labyrinth. MB's concept of this "horror imprisoned inside a maze of nothingness... a complex space between containing their impossible forms" is very evocative of the various ancient conflicts we know of in the lore (Guardian-Thargoid, Guardian-Construct). So too does Milton refer to the symbolism of a maze in Book 9 of Paradise Lost.

The Raxxla logo could thus be a symbolic abstraction representing the labyrinth / prison containing whatever Raxxla is. So then our mission may be to navigate the various layers comprising tests of skill and courage to reach the central goal. Perhaps the Labyrinth system is a starting point for this journey.

I wonder then if this also ties to the Princess allegory, where a character like Julia might be imprisoned within, or where we might find an NPC character that could 'guide' us through their routine path.
Click to expand...
I think the connection to MB's Legacy novel, via Julia, is her story book about "The princess and the alien dragon". Alien dragons specifically mentioned there, penned by Brookes himself. That's the clue.

In short, from what I can tell the Myth of Raxxla relates specifically to ancient Aliens that appear serpentine or dragon-formed to our eyes which are either from, or exiled to, another Universe - either Hyperspace itself, or accessible via Hyperspace. The Omphalos Rift is the gateway to/from there, but for unknown reasons it's locked or sealed, and requires interaction from our side to access. This general theme has been "mythologised" throughout human history into our cultural heritage, that's why there's so many connections and allusions to (specifically but not exclusively) Greek Mythology.

I know everyone else disagrees, but I don't personally think there's any need for any additional connection to anything else, from what I can tell the Codex is now pretty much fully solved and self-contained, it points to the "Landscape Signal" and the traces of the weak mind control present in the lore, represented by Gan and Halsey (and others). The only remaining mystery is figuring out how to reveal the spectrogram image properly. IMHO this is "The Raxxla Mystery" that everyone has been chasing from day one.

I believe that the original intention (and maybe still is) is that the real Dark Wheel faction will play into this as a sort of "next stage" of the narrative, because I assume once FSD became widespread it was basically a given that Raxxla would be reached very easily thereafter by the Dark Wheel seekers (and/or whoever else) - previously Hyperdrive ranges and speeds would have made journeys to the centre of the Galaxy virtually impossible. If I'm right and UC have excluded the system containing the Omphalos Rift from Galmap to prevent people jumping right to it, then that obviously means they know it's there, which ties directly into the Codex reference to Raxxla already being discovered and exploited.

EDIT: It took the IRH investigators a long time and lots of triangulation to narrow down the origin of the signal, that simply would have been completely impossible pre-FSD. Raxxla hunters in the past, even if they knew what to listen for/look for would only have gotten the general idea that the signal originates "somewhere in deep space" because from the Bubble the signal appears basically omni-directional spread across the bulk of the Milky Way, the only certain thing is that it's Corewards not Rimwards - possibly very, very deep space explorers might have got enough of a baseline to figure out that the signal originates from somewhere near the centre of the Galaxy, possible that's what Ryder discovered and was killed for?

MB's favourite novel, Excession, is about aliens from another Universe making a bridge into ours, and the entire book (which is very dull IMO) is about the political ramifications once the "Excession" is discovered (which happens on page 1). The mysterious extra-Universal aliens never appear, we only see their bridge (which is a 60km black body sphere) sitting in space beaming out a mysterious signal, and there's basically a mini war that erupts around it because everyone wants to be the first to claim such amazing 'technology' that's capable of bridging between universes - that's the gist. I think that's basically what's happened with Raxxla (or rather the Omphalos Rift) - the PF (or subfactions thereof) have claimed it already, and are protecting it from idiots like us that want to poke around, but the Raxxlans are beaming out a "come to us" signal from the other side - the siren song - that encourages people to seek it out and creates a sense of wanderlust in many, and in a few they get outright visions and are driven to find this place.

That fits the original Dark Wheel Novella framework, and also brings it into current ED lore.

The thing we should be trying to solve is the image contained in the Landscape Signal - presumably that's "The clue" we missed for a decade.
Last edited: Jun 21, 2024
Reactions:
Hanerib