Jorki Rasalas
Jun 22, 2024
#34,277
Rochester said:
Yup - I’m liking the visual association toward jewels too, that could well be it regarding the logo. Great insight.

Apologies if I’m repeating my self, Much of this I’ve already gone over historically, but below is my current impression of what it might be:

The first line of the toast I do believe is a take on the Miltonian quote FD associated with Brookes memorial; it being a reference to Eden/Paradise being like a pendant jewel hanging from the brow (hill steep curve) of heaven.

I still have a great deal of faith in the garden map design as a strong candidate, simply from the strong similarity to historical illustrations of the above.

It would be an elegant method (in plain sight for those with eyes to see) as if we were sure of the general area, it ought to reduce the probability of which system it might be in and equally give us a visual cue to look out for it. Again the hypothetical ’someone honked if’ might as you ascribe, not rule out the fact lots of Cmdrs have visited the location and not actually perceived it; remember there was a video comment from the Dev team ages ago which gave the impression FD were at that time a little astonished no one had found it (although equally that could have been in jest).

Personally I think the Codex is giving us two locations? I’m still not certain.

The toast I speculate is a triangulation clue, find these systems and it’s at the centre; it’s a good puzzle because it can be linked to a hundred different sources so in theory it’s just knowing which source to use, again I feel unlocking other aspects of the codex might assist with that.

As I’ve postulated previously, I suspect that first segment identifies the hanging from the Empyrean, which I’ve already proposed is someplace along the North or East wall of heaven. So from a Miltonian perspective it’s a physically contained pocket universe.

If we accept the garden design map, the location is actually a system, and Raxxla exists around a large body with a ring, possibly one moon, in a system with 3 other bodies; or one body and 4-5 moons.

The rest of the codex, I think tells us another location, and again tells us what Raxxla might be.

The reference to Tau Ceti and the date, I believe draws a .

The talk of Cora etc is an illusion to the myth of ; that I feel is likewise reflected in Brookes Elite Legacy by her . Ultimately this I speculate is intended to draw our attention to the zone in game where she resides as a system.

The part of the codex revolving around the talk of etc, I feel is literal and it identifies a location beneath the Greek underworld in game I coined as the , ultimately this is a huge easter egg right there.

Holdstock is incredibly important in this quest because I believe the whole mystery is a homage (in part) to his work.

I think the talk of an Omphalos and a children’s story is telling us more info on what and where Raxxla is.

The children’s story I strongly suspect is a reference to Brookes Legacy and Julia childhood book, I think this is likewise backed up by FD inclusion of the , which talks of burial methods promoted in that text!

The children’s story is the fictional book in Elite Legacy; however I now don’t feel it’s telling us that book holds any literal clues, but that the book actually is itself.

As I have previously hypothesised, I speculate Brooke’s (Hammer) was telling us the ‘general’ area, by talking of the .

Of all the systems mentioned in that book this system in but he gives us a very specific locational description of it. I find that , considering firstly the word Beaumont is used in game several times, but not for an actual name of a system; then Hammer (Brookes) tells us it’s actually far below

This general area is where many of the Lost Realms also sit, and it intersects with the Brookes memorial.

Now back to the , I don’t think it’s actually a direct reference to the historical stone of Delphi; however I suspect it’s something else, however I might speculate the Delphi system is a directional clue, as is the station Donars Oak, in that maybe they’re intention is to seed the concept into our perception, to bring our attention to the Lost Realms zone via the world tree Yggdrasil…

Omphalos can also denote a hill or high ground (navels in antiquity may have been more out than in). This reference is used numerous times historically. In Dante’s and Milton’s texts paradise is on top of a hill / mountain. So my assumption is that’s its use in the codex is to allude to a / hill.

This I believe is a coagulation of themes denoting the Celtic concept of the Otherworld. This was a liminal place, a paradise that existed alongside our own but upon a higher dimension. As in that history, mountains could be used as passages to it. So could the term omphalos rift denote a passage through a mountain?

This is a theme which repeatedly appears throughout Holdstocks, including his creation Raxxla, which he describes as a liminal space, an Otherworld!

The term means beautiful mountain, so is the clue, look for the beautiful mountain below

This would I believe make sense because the Yggdrasil systems I identified previously converge upon the Lost Realms and of Axi Mundi. And in another Celtic belief, referenced by Holdstock, was the Otherworld existed at the base of a tree?

So I speculate something is either in the Lost Realms zone or / and in the Empyrean zone.

I do believe this is the grand mystery FD are alluding to and could be the actual mystical secret, that Raxxla is a liminal place, in a certain system and it is a doorway to the otherworld.

I think also this all ties in with Brookes book, The Space In between.

In that as I have presented previously Brookes outlines his plot, being that the universe is made from the corpses of older gods, and those who truly created it slumbered in a zone between reality, until humans woke them up.

The Miltonian model which I’ve identified in game, I believe is the architecture for that story, being as it’s ‘shape’ is identifiable by the names of gods and goddesses, those higher up and those below…

It should be noted that Brookes wrote several Drabbles, some of these I believe are representative in game, likewise Brookes confirmed in his blog his book was already written, there existed a first draft. So it wasn’t a hypothetical concept, I would also speculate the book design is a very loose / abstract map of the Miltonian model with ‘heaven gate’ in the relative position it ought to be - to the East of the great tree (Yggdrasil)..

So the question I’m stuck on why two locations?

It seems as though part of the toast could allude to something similar to a Miltonian model, backed up by the garden design and the memorial denoting it's higher up!

Whilst the codex could allude to a Celtic concept backed up by Legacy and the Lost Realms etc, that it’s lower down!

Currently I’m drawn and upon which it might be, or it simply might paint the entire picture and Paradise/Raxxla is in the Lost Realms, and the Miltonian concept Im has been used but expanded upon by Brookes to fit his Space in between model?
Click to expand...
I agree that the garden design, the toast, and the rest of the codex contain clues. However their meaning is not clear and there is a very large room for interpretation here. It is easy to fall into the trap of letting personal bias and pareidolia influence our thinking on this puzzle and we need to cross-check wherever possible. Without cross-validation there is a danger of speculation turning into theory. I have personally travelled thousands of LY in-game checking out various possible hypotheses...I think we have over-complicated things due to the wooliness of the available clues and great extent of obfuscation MB built into the puzzle.

I think there is at least one other clue - in Elite Legacy, where Julia hints that Raxxla is in Alliance space....how she would know that is not disclosed so we can't check it with hints from the lore. However we can cross check it with the Paradise Lost-based cosmography you discovered, and Alliance space corresponds reasonably well with your Empyrean so I accept that as a valid clue.

Remember Allen Stroud told us DB was not keen on Holdstock...it may be that MB was, however that is not evidence for hypothesising that Raxxla is based on Holdstock's stories.

Let's consider the codex:
The toast has been the source of much speculation in this thread ever since the codex was released. Hence it is clearly obscure and any specific interpretation must be treated with caution. I pointed out how it could have been the initial clue leading us to Li Qing Jao station with it's garden design. There are many other possible interpretations: could be triangulation instructions, could be a sequence of places to visit ...any hypothesis needs to be checked for validity before it can form the basis for a sound theory.

"The legend of Raxxla has been circulating, in whispers, for centuries" could just be prose, or it could be a hint that Raxxla is an orbiting body?

" The quest for this mysterious place, the location of which is a deadly secret"- there are plenty of "deadly locations" in ED...is this a hint that it is in a very hot location (asteroid belt cluster? Very hot inner planet?) near a star? In a conflict zone or HazRes? In an anarchy system infested by pirates?
(don't forget MB's strange expression in the livestream when he said be careful when carrying illegal goods in Alliance space-might be a hint that Trinkets (illegal everywhere for some unknown reason) are needed to make Raxxla visible and would attract pirates like bees to honey)...I've not discounted this possibility, just got fed up with pirate interdictions so I'm not currently carrying any.

Personally I suspect that the paragraph on Tau Ceti and 2296 is just flavour, setting the mood, but I could be wrong...there is no evidence to decide. All it definitely indicates is that the source of the Raxxla rumour is buried deep in history.

The "ancient myths" paragraph did it's job-it set you on the path to mapping them in-game, which led to the identification of the Paradise Lost cosmography, which then increased the weight of the garden design as a valid clue.

I'm undecided about the Omphalos Rift mention- could be flavour, could be a hint, could be just obfuscation while throwing uncertainty on the rest of the paragraph: "the children's story Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars, and soon lost credibility. Undaunted, some Raxxla seekers insisted that the story's author had cunningly concealed facts about the mysterious locale in his book as hints for those with eyes to see". I still suspect that this is the major clue in the codex..I don't believe in any shape or form that it points to Philip Sidney's Astrophil and Stella, that's obfuscation. I cannot see MB using Sidney's work as a clue (though it is likely that he'd use John Milton's Paradise Lost, his favourite book). Since we don't have access to this "children's book" then the book contents cannot be relevant, so the hint must be in the only thing we do have access to -the title. So that title is either a riddle, or an anagram. I've looked at riddles and not found a satisfactory solution. I've explored it as an anagram, and that is more promising. Of the 1500+ systems within Alliance space (Spansh system search within 65ly from Alioth) examining which of those system names fit as subanagrams of that book title reduces the potential contenders down to around 60. Contrast this with the same exercise in Fed space- there are many more valid subanagrams (I posted that list in this thread a couple of years ago), so this is an interesting filtering mechanism. I'm currently checking those 60 out to see which have planetary rings with 6 hotspots (garden design).

Elite Legacy also mentions Julia's book, about saving a Princess from an alien dragon. I jumped at that and did some initial hypothesising that the system name might be a subanagram of a dragon name from literature or mythology (edit: -"analiendragon" is a subanagram of "Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars"!). While I haven't entirely discounted that possibility I am currently not letting it influence my reasoning- it could be author's flavour text, or obfuscation, or I may have interpreted it incorrectly.

The meaning of the garden design is also obscure, and pareidolia is an easy trap to fall into here.. The left panel clearly represents Paradise Lost cosmography, but how to interpret the middle and right panels? Four bodies (third ringed with 6 areas on interest-mineral hotspots?) seem to be indicated by the middle panel- but does that mean the system only contains 4 bodies or does it mean to look for the sequence of relative masses (from size of the circles) of those 4 bodies within a larger system? MB wanted to make this puzzle hard but soluble ("I think you have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious just so that people know what they are doing").

Paradise Lost highlights the "pendent world", & that concept is reinforced by the Brookes Tour final tourist beacon quotation. This fits with the hypothesis that Raxxla is (or is contained within) a hollow body, which fits with the hypothesis that the logo contains a hint to some form of Coriolis station-based object....we need to find it to ascertain the truth of the various possible theories. I'm not yet ready to disclose any conclusions.

I've hurt my back last night (bending down to check the state of a pizza in the oven) so I will not be doing any DIY today. Hence more flying after the essential morning dogwalk! More systems to visit, more hotspots to count....
Last edited: Jun 22, 2024
Reactions:
Han_Zen, selbie, Ataxia and 2 others