CMDR Davanix
Mar 21, 2021
#22,223
clavain said:
Hmm, not Raxxla related, but in California Sector now and no Thargoid ship presence that I can see, not even in the systems with barnacles. Why have the Thargoids not contested the Alliance expansion there like they have in Witch Head and Coalsack? Pirates have, but not the Thargoids themselves? Anyone find that a little strange? Also facilities named after Mic Turner, and his faction Turner Research Group seem to be largely running the place. He (supposedly) disappeared trying to make peaceful first contact with the Thargoids. I believe it is different Alliance factions in the other nebulae. Curiouser and curiouser. That said California Nebula is one of those odd ones where the systems don't actually seem to be in the nebula itself as depicted on the Galaxy Map, so perhaps that explains the absence of Thargoid signal sources. Just out of curiousity, does anyone know if a Thargoid signal source has ever been seen outside of a nebula or dark region?
Perhaps California nebula is the first war region where Miacke was, it lies approximately 500+ly from Polaris and the bubble which in lore (IF THIS WASNT ALSO RETCONNED) If where Jameson was transported to aboard the thargoid vessel.

It is between the jameson crash site also and although it may have been Merope Pleiades we travelled to etc I doubt it as that is much closer to the bubble and core worlds than Polaris itself which wouldnt make sense as it was supposed to be further out than Polaris itself hence the reason for the transport.

again this is provided everything wasn't retconned however the crash site, mycoid and other ingame story's suggest this part still stands and also it being barren of Thargoids would make sense as they where all massacred and probably never want to go back, yes Pleiades holds the giant crash sites of that war however they could have been on route from California and just died there during a Meta refuel before causing havoc in the bubble....Food for taught.
Last edited: Mar 21, 2021
Reactions:
Vetinari, TrillClinton, clavain and 2 others