CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
May 23, 2024
#34,120
Jorki Rasalas said:
Astrophel sounds like "astro fell" ("for those with eyes to see" is stated in the codex. BUT the original (biblical IIRC) saying is "for those with eyes to see and ears to hear"), which implies "fallen star". "Princess Astrophell" could therefore mean a female fallen star- Astarte and Isis were the only named female prime followers of Satan in PL, however since Satan ruled in Hell then his daughter Sin could be viewed as a Princess...
In almost every single epic myth, the new gods are assisted by one of the old ones who turns their back on the old gods in the name of peace . They are tri-form deities having domain over the underworld, the Earthly realm, and the stars. More often than not connected to agriculture (cycle of death and life), wisdom, and warfare. Amongst the Greeks, this was Hecate or Nyx in alternative versions. Gaia defied Cronus to save Zeus (sacrificing the Omphalos in the process). Regardless of culture, it is the same. With the Vikings, their were Aesir and Vanir, who after war inter-marry establishing peace for the future. In any case, the underworld sides with the heavens and someone who cross these realms is instrumental in ultimate victory. It should be noted that Zeus' brother is Hades and his wife was Persephone (goddess of spring and death). Persephone's mentor is Hecate, the Titaness who aids the Olympic Pantheon in trapping the non-compliant Titans in Tartarus in perpetuity.

Elite Dangerous is no different. The role of savior has been played numerous times: Cora (Kore) in the tale of Art Tornquist, Salomé, and more recently Princess Aisling Duval's resisting Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval's order of non-cooperation. Aisling Duval fought against this order because she believed in AEGIS.

Perhaps then we are looking for those who walk the fine line between heaven and hell and serve as bridges between the two realms or at least places that offer safe passage between realms.
Reactions:
simulacrae