Rochester
Mar 1, 2023
#29,352
Macros Black said:
A rabbit-hole from May 2021: https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/major-clue-s-on-raxxla-and-how-to-locate-it.579282/

Edit: Raxxla is invisible and can only be found using a graviton scanner.
Have been pondering upon this location myself for some time, it does seem interestingly placed.

Upon my initial enquiry I assumed these were hints towards a Thargoid narrative, potentially regarding human experimentation…

For the sake of tin-foolery; if we extrapolate these locations in relation to others, such as those systems first discovered, what could they show, if anything?

The first system is just outside the hypothetical ‘sphere of influence’ prescribed by the date 2296 from Tau Ceti, but it’s not close enough I initially established to warrant further investigation ‘at that time’, but I kept it on my radar.

However, if you apply the Yggdrasil systems, the star system closest to it within that model would be Nithhogg, and then Jotunheim, if viewed in direct alignment.

It is also typically within the hypothetical lower celestial hemisphere of the underworld if you accept my ‘John Milton’ and ‘Better to reign in hell’ hypothesis, so it would potentially fit. I think this is tantalising! Far more so than silly USS signals, thanks for reminding me of this…

The alignment of Achenar, Jotunheim, Nithhogg, and Col 285 Sector BG-O d6-93 might identify something, but what?



The other two systems mentioned in the above link, if relevant; don’t seemingly correlate initially, one being someway off (yet relatively close) and the other falls within the sphere of influence… however when you view all 3 together they might form a triangle?

This potential ‘triangle’ isn’t equilateral, but part of it does fall within the sphere of influence…within the lower celestial hemisphere, I will be attempting to plot its centre, which I suspect falls close to the ‘outer rim’ of the sphere of influence.

That is if the anomaly discussed was located in deep space, however from the logs it actually reads as just surface based, so very likely those logs IMO pertain to Thargoid / human hybrid experimentation, so in other words, Thargoids narrative, but who knows!

Crack open the tin-foil…

Attachments
AA9889CD-2A2A-484D-BA52-3A353E05DE48.jpeg
1.4 MB · Views: 246
Last edited: Mar 4, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Macros Black