Jorki Rasalas
Mar 1, 2023
#29,342
Rochester said:
<snip>

“Having just spoken to Arthur, we can confirm that the story content we were referring to was subtle environmental storytelling. As this is narrative / lore related, we aren't able to comment on the specifics and players will just need to pay attention to small details.”

So what do FD consider subtle environmental storytelling, is it within one particular element, or across several, is this in Legacy; in 4.0 or Odyssey!

Is it in the USS’s alone; in adverts in stations; NPC chatter on outposts; the tattoos on Mission givers foreheads… if you don’t engage with such areas (Legacy or to call it correctly ’Console’) then you will not be privy to all of such information.

I really appreciate the work FD put into the game, but they still need to be clear about their nudges IMO, if this is 4.0 or Legacy related.

If FD are saying it’s right under our noses, but we just aren’t seeing it, which schism are they addressing?

My gut tells me it’s likely Odyssey content, so those of us on Console / Horizons won’t see these ‘clues’, and this harks back to the terrible suspicion that Raxxla is narratively locked, at least to 4.0. Because you wouldn’t want Legacy’s players finding content you spent more money on building clues for in 4.0, that’s just poor economics - unless it’s just the Thargoid narrative.

By my count that’s about 30% of their audience missing out if true; if that’s the case, no wonder nobody hasn’t found it…

<snip>
Click to expand...
I think you’re digging your own hole there! Whatever makes you assume this “subtle environmental storytelling” is anything at all to do with Raxxla?

Of course there might be some clues about Raxxla in USS, or elsewhere, but we have never noticed any otherwise they would have been reported in this thread. So as part of the Quest carry on playing; investigate all asteroid clusters and look in USS, especially mission givers and permanent signal source (i.e. no expiration countdown), but don’t beat yourself up. This is just adding some more fluffy flavour to the fluffy game.

Edit
I still think the likeliest hints to Raxxla might come via luxury passenger trips. There’s a few hints in TB about Augustus Brenquith the famous explorer (which seem to lead nowhere, apart from his last records being returned via a drone to the depths of Sol), the founding of a luxury tours firm originally in a system but now with widespread offices, and a hint that someone might have accidentally seen something about a Raxxla hint from a tourist-that could also be mission flavour dialog. But TDW are “a legendary group of adventurers, explorers, investigators and treasure-hunters”, so those luxury tourist missions might attract their attention.

edit2
ah yes TB228 "Astrogator Extreme holidays carry the image of the legendary explorer Augustus Brenquith. The holidays tend to include extreme, and frequently quite dangerous, activities in distant locations, like atmospheric wave-riding, volcano diving and magnetic surfing. Trusted intrepid pilots take these adventurers 'to the edge'..."
Last edited: Mar 2, 2023