Rochester
Mar 1, 2023
#29,360
Rochester said:
Have been pondering upon this location myself for some time, it does seem interestingly placed.

In relation to the systems first discovered, it is just outside the sphere of influence prescribed by Achenar and the date 2296, but not close enough I initially established to warrant further investigation ‘at that time’, but I kept it on my radar.

However, if you apply the Yggdrasil systems, the star system closest to it within that model would be Nithhogg, and then Jotunheim, if viewed in direct alignment.

It is also typically within the hypothetical lower celestial hemisphere of the underworld if you accept my ‘John Milton’ and ‘Better to reign in hell’ hypothesis, so it would potentially fit. I think this is tantalising! Far more so than silly USS signals, thanks for reminding me if this…



The alignment of Achenar, Nithhogg, Jotunheim and Col 285 Sector BG-O d6-93 might identify something?

The other two systems mentioned in the above link, if relevant; don’t seemingly correlate initially, one being someway off (yet relatively close) and the other falls within the sphere of influence… however when you view all 3 together they might form a

This potential ‘triangle’ isn’t equilateral, but part of it does fall within the sphere of influence…within the lower celestial hemisphere, I will be attempting to plot its centre, which I suspect falls close to the ‘outer rim’ of the sphere of influence.

Crack open the tin-foil…



Click to expand...
Triangulation completed, the system at the centre of these 3 points is: Scorpii Sector KC-V b2-2.

A Class M red star with no bodies, first discovered by an ‘Axis Mundi’ (how ironically apt).



Note this triangle is not equilateral, although it is flat e.g., on a 2 dimensional plain its not twisted, so it’s very distinct; however the exact X, Y, Z position of the central point is just a ‘nearest system’ match, there’s nothing actually there.

When comparing it with the hypothetical John Milton sphere of influence, from Tau Ceti to Pandemonium, this central point ‘almost’ falls close to the ‘outer rim’, if we reset it to Achenar it falls just inside it. How very peculiar!



Totally tin foil of course, I’ve just visited it and there’s absolutely nothing there (in Legacy), except for some USS salvage POIs, but nevertheless an enjoyable dalliance, this is why I tin-foil…

It might be worth a jump around and investigate those systems in that general area, but very likely this was just another example of Apophenia, those mysterious anomalies might only be evidence of FD seeding ‘environmental storytelling’ relating to the Thargoids / human hybrid storyline…

Additional tin-foil… the Research Facility 5592, which is linked to a mysteriously unknown but classified signal isn’t relatively far off this central area… if viewed in alignment it might be related, but that foil is too long off to fit at present…

Somewhere to go at least, USS’s aren’t enough to hold my attention. Seaward ho!
Last edited: Mar 3, 2023
Reactions:
Darrack, Macros Black, simulacrae and 1 other person