Crimson Echo
Jun 9, 2018
#2,608
If Raxxla is supposed to be right under our noses it probably is in the bubble, and in or around a high profile system.

Alioth:
Former center for Thargoid interest / invasion in previous games
President Halsey storyline involves the Alliance and Alioth.
Some of the early trailers show a Cobra with Alliance logos on the wings. The Cobra is the iconic ship of the Elite universe, and seems to be given a special significance.
The founding of the Alliance still seems off. The Feds and Imps should have been able to curb stomp the Independence movement if they worked together. Even now the Alliance would have a hard time fighting both the Feds and the Imps at the same time. What was the Alliance's trump card to get them to walk away?
Both the Feds and Imps fought over Alioth repeatedly. Why was this system so special?

LHS 3447:
It is a weird system to be singled out by the Pilot's Federation. They could have their pick of planets. What makes LHS 3447 so special.
The idea that Raxxla is in the starting system would really fit the idea that is is right under our noses. (a system that virtually everyone has been to.)
I can not recall for certain, but was there a comment made to the effect that in reference to Raxxla that "it was a journey we all must take". Taken literally this might mean the started system LHS 3447.

Sol: FDev would not show the full Sol map during the Discovery Scanner stream.

Founders World:
Pilots federation and the involvement of the "Elites".
The Dark Wheel presence, and their interest in Raxxla.

Systems Adjacent to Founders World:
Some of these systems have special descriptions hinting at secrets.
Special Elite ranked mission happening in these systems. (Typically offered in the founders world systems.) ( i.e. wetwork missions for ships carrying Thargoid sensors)



Since it is Elites trying to keep Raxxla hidden it would seem Pilots Federation gear/ software is not to be trusted. Thankfully Thargoid probes/sensors would not have this limitation, and could potentially be used to verify Raxxla's presence. Since Raxxla is presumably not native to these systems the orbital inclination may be huge, and the orbit itself very wide.

Presumably Guardian Relics may have replaced the crystal shards contained within SAP 8 Core containers. Assuming Raxxla is of Guardian origin the relics may be needed to be carried to act as keys (or an IFF signal.) (Guardian items can be pirated without horizons from ships around starports.) The guardians and the Pilots Federation both seem obsessed with equilateral triangles and hexagons. Then again were not UAs called out as keys in a newsletter a long time ago?

Trinkets of hidden fortune may or may not be relevant. It is possible they exist only to be pirated and sold to the Dark Wheel. Maybe the idea was that if we sold then enough to the Dark Wheel we could get more clues toward finding Raxxla?

Personally I think it is hidden in Alioth, but time will tell. (Still need to go get relics.)

EDIT: Would the Alliance system Gateway system that Mahon uses as a PowerPlay home base be too obvious?
Last edited: Jun 9, 2018
Reactions:
Macros Black and M. Grey