Dox Paradox
Sep 13, 2022
#27,286
Jorki Rasalas said:
Yes, but I said when it started that it was a waste of effort. They dont know what they're looking for, so what are the odds they’ll find it? Have they tried boosting at every NS/WD? Have they dived each BH? They certainly haven’t dropped in & honked each comet while carrying some Trinkets in the hold, because we’ve only recently figured out how to do that.

Ive always said it is highly unlikely that Raxxla is a body named as such, it would be just too easy to find (& apparently many have tried datamining the game files in an effort to do so) unless it is way out on the rim of the galaxy in an unremarkable system somewhere. I dont think DB & MB would have hidden it like that. There should be a lore reason for it being hidden wherever it is, and clues from the lore to finding it. I think of the Omphalos “alien artefact” as a Harry Potter-style Portkey to Raxxla, which will be hidden on FD’s servers and only downloaded when the Omphalos is triggered.

From MB’s own words there should be a storyline to Raxxla, though we dont seem to be able to find it; that’s why we’re still talking about the disappearance of the old E/F missions from Jameson Memorial, because they were the only thing we’ve found that looked like a Raxxla storyline.
Click to expand...
There seems to be a progression path with Pilot Federation ranks & missions. Getting allied with numerous factions gives better opportunities. Continue to support faction beyond allied seems to trigger direct "tip-off" missions.
Maybe succeeding in a large number of tip-off missions trigger something else, even if the missions look self-contained (like every regular other ones, non tip-off).
I bet Raxxla is unfindable directly, maybe the key is through TDW. And TDW contacts only few outstanding pilots. Elite Federation rank might not be enough to get to the inner most ring. Maybe exceptional achievement like getting allied with a major chunk of the bubble? Succeeding a (high) number of every mission style?
I see a lot of players disregarding missions or other activities if there's no direct & immediate payoff.
That could be a mistake.
With time, the missions subject might slowly focus toward a more definite goal, and that would be the sign a pilot is getting closer to the inner TDW circle. Then toward Raxxla?
Reactions:
Ataxia