simulacrae
Aug 11, 2024
#34,575
“A journey that everyone must travel for themselves"


I believe that Holdstock’s book “Eye among the Blind” takes its name from a poem by Wadsworth "Intimations of Immortality from recollections of Early Childhood" which in my mind speaks to alot of his writings.

There seems to be a basic format to some of Holdstock’s characters paths in his stories; they seem to have some sort of root grief or life changing event in their past – like the loss of a loved one. The story often starts with a rebirth from a graveyard theme followed by a trial of some sorts ending in another test associated with the entrance into the underworld/death. - rebirth… Oh and they are often a couple – paired in some way.

Examples: Alex Ryder and Elissia Fields (The Dark Wheel), Leo Faulcon and Lena Tanoway (Where the Time Winds Blow), Leio Scott and Caroline Luranski (Tour of the Universe) Jacques and his Station (All that Glitters)

Obfuscated in the Outer Rim

Its my opinion that the collection of stories from Frontier Elite II “Stories of Life on the Frontier” relate in some way to the Dark Wheel. We have Eight stories with intertwined characters (think wheel of fate) that come “Full Circle”. They are written by Authors; David Massey, Moira Sheehan, and Kathy D...inson (overactive censoring). I cant be sure but I think David Massey and Moira Sheehan are pseudonyms. Kathy was of course to be David Brabens first wife. Did Holdstock have a part in writing some of these – or Malcom Edwards?

SPOILER: THOUGHTS ON NAMES


In Frontier Elite II there were three options for a starting system. Sol, Lave, and Ross 154. Sol and Lave are obvious choices… but why is Ross 154 a starter? I believe Ross 154 is a stand-in for Holdstock’s Altuxor. Kamelos is the planet that has the time winds which get stronger when one of its moons...Merlin is up. Sirocco Station was the starting point on the moon Merlin in Ross 154. A Sirocco is a dust laden wind in the Mediterranean coming from the Sahara.

There are two “guide” characters in “Where Time Winds Blow” – these guides are named Audwyn and Allissia. Allissia is like Elyssia Fields from the Dark Wheel and is probably a reference to the Elysian Fields. Audwyn is told by Leo that his original name was Darak Iskaruul before he had been "manchanged" by the time winds. Holdstock is taking us on a journey into the underworld and following Dantes model – after entering Hells Gate you are in Limbo – also where he put Elysium. “The next wind that sweeps through the valley is my Charon, taking my soul; it will sweep me to hell and I shall have to go.” Where Time Winds Blow pp210-211. In Tales from the Frontier there are two characters that tie some of the stories together Kharon (DB115) and his Sister Alista… Kharon has also had his name taken away from him while he was a slave and called DB115.

Looking at the story “The Outer Limits” from The Tales of the Frontier - The two obvious systems that our intrepid explorer was excited about finding were Phiface and Ceviphi. The common denominator for them: Phi - as a greek symbol it is often used to describe the Golden Ratio (think spirals), also an Azimuth, its even used as an abbreviation for a Bactiriophage… And of course a Circle with a line going through its center is also a symbol for an Axis. Looking at the image of Hunderag Rock (The Rock of Ages) on Kamelos from Tour of the Universe you can see a version of the Phi symbol with might be described as intersecting an hourglass symbol. Something of an Axis Cosmology map - or even vitruvian man?




SPOILER: THE SYMBOL

Hellsgate is both a battle site as well as a geographical feature – a valley between two mountains. It makes me think of the Egyptian Aker. I think this gate is also the entrance to Lavondyss. Im certain that the landscape signal is related to this. I also believe the locations of the great battles between the Federation and the Empire as well as the Thargoids and Guardians also have meaning here.

Some quoted passages relating to Hellgate from various works by Holdstock:

SPOILER: HELLGATE QUOTES











I think that Merlin is the Wanderer. In Where Time Winds Blow the moons Merlin and Kytara are often paired and though I have not read the Celtica series by Holdstock I believe Merlin is tied to love interests – perhaps Kytara is his mate? It looks like I will have to read some of the Celtica series... But the below quote from "The Broken Kings" makes me think this is the right path:
“I’d heard so much about it, I’d expected it to be wider and filled with magic and the oracular acquisitions of your wanderings.
I have many caves. I have to. I wander. I range very far and very wide. I walk a circular path around the world. I’ve been doing it for so long I’ve noticed changes on the face of the moon herself.” - The Broken Kings Prologue
Merlins Caves could correspond to hell gates? If we ascribe the motions of “Merlin” as a rogue planet…. I think there is a circular path that is being followed - maybe time to try revising this:

SPOILER: SPACE WHALE MIGRATION PATTERNS

So ya – basically I am thinking that Frontier Elite II had a Holdstockian Raxxla slant – not saying there was an actual Raxxla in game – but maybe Ross 154 was a reference to Altuxor. But I believe that the stories were most definitely relating to the dark wheel. In Elite Dangerous I am assuming that there are several possible entrances to the underworld associated with great battles and the Valley between the Twin Peaks... The twin peaks analogy has a few posible meanings - one is the Egyptian Aker, an other... the divine female....
Last edited: Aug 11, 2024
Reactions:
Han_Zen, Dox Paradox and Hanerib