Noobilite
Jan 29, 2019
#5,577
Hart said:
tinfoil+

Its an trap with that Gas Giant 8+ Moons

In my language (its german) we will read in the codex "Planets" but no Moon or Moons.

litle question from me: - what is reading in your language (Moon or Planet) ?

and so im wondred me about that Codex text because an Planet like Jupiter (Gas Gigant) have only Moons and no Planets.
And an Gas Gigant like Jupiter is not the only one that we can calling Gas Gigant.

Any Sun is an Gas Gigant too. but this Gigant lit (eLITe = e lit e)

It is an unnamed Sun with 8+ Planets.
So the codex text is correct and true.
Click to expand...

I think that is where it gets tricky. Depending on the person making it and their choice of design. The game has alot of planets that revolve around each other. They also have planets with potentially close orbits at rare times. For all we know that planetary alignment happens once every actualy 1000 years and they took a pic on purpose when it happened or made it align as if it happened to take the pic. You don't need planets and moons to produce that result. It could be a lot of things. It's just two bodies that close to each other with one at the least having a station around it. It could be a station shared between them, which exists, it could be a station at either one. There are quite a few possibilities. Assuming the picture is a straight up screenshot and not modified.

I see a lot of planetary orbits that get farther and closer together also. It could just be a planet that at a certain time was that close. It may not even be any of the nth number of naturally constantly close bodies in the game. Although it could be two planets with a station in between and shows up that way on the system map. Or two very close planets around a gas giant or whatnot that are revovling around each other and a station is or isn't present on the system map. It could be many things besides that if you just consider two planets in a pic close to each other and a station.

BTW, has anyone every mapped all the stations and got their numbers to see what is concluded from it? I found fsp#0000 and others. I've been taking screen shots. We should make a thread to organize pics and do it the fast way. Try to gather pics of the station name and FSP# on the front and then try to gather info on coordinates etc of the system also. Maybe split up work on various tasks and do whatever it takes to get the info. I have several pics of the front of the stations. Screenshots are just hard for me to do because of problems with linux and screenshots and alt tabbing and crashing ultimately. It likes to take a screenshot of some previous place in the game and I have to make two increasing the time till my game needs to be restarted. Unless that also happens to windows user. At which point I would be curious if that is a bug or some weird purposely thing in the game. I doubt it though since I'm using the system screenshot to do it. Not sure if I want to play in windowed mode just to get screenshots. I've never liked playing in windowed mode because of loss of mouse focus in game potentially at vital moments.

Note: some stations don't have fsp#'s but other numbers on the back of the inside of the station on some of those legs that old the back in place. There are a few different potential numbering systems. Although the one I saw was a 6 number. I wonder if that translates into anything like coordinates. It was XXXX-XX something. Maybe using that spiral key you can turn it into a system coordinate. That or it is the existing system coordinate. It would be worth figuring out what all of those numbers mean. It would whittle things down regardless.

I think the best thing is to start making coordinated efforts to actually map and find these things and start figuring out what everything is to remove possibilities. Or has it been done in the past. Are there any existing efforts for these sorts of things?
Last edited: Jan 29, 2019