Jorki Rasalas
Dec 17, 2020
#20,073
Shadowzwarrior said:
I noticed you said a list of solid references and chasing dubious rumours. Yet you turn straight around and start mentioning rogue planets which no one has seen, catalogued or even gotten a quote saying they are in the current version or future game. So really none of my points are more wasteful than any ideas put before and all are possible in current known mechanics of the game. We know there are belts in the game, check. We know there are automated defences on bases known as flyers, check. And we know there are high g planets that are relatively small in the terms of planet sizes, check. Even if you call the high g asteroids a push which reading alot of the floated ideas it isn't it could be a asteroid belt encompassing a high g planet with all the mimes and auto defences i mentioned in the belt. All mechanics known to be in the game without screwing with stellar forge to map how rogues travel between systems or triggering misjumps in the current version of the game. I think by shoving someone's ideas down you could miss something that does pan out even in the slightest. Honestly very poor form from you considering all the other ideas put forward in the thousands of posts before me.

Excuse me, but where did I mention rogue planets? That was not mentioned in my post at all! (Edit: if you’re referring to the linked thread on FD quotes that is a valid quote on a relevant topic, check out what MB said).

Nor did my post in any way put your ideas down, I was merely pointing out that two of the “someone said” items that you mentioned as fact are not verified. This thread (and some others) has been plagued by quotations which turned out to be mistakes, assumptions, speculation or downright falsehoods, so we try to keep the truth separate from what is not.

Now if you want to raise the subject of rogue planets, it is true this has been discussed several times in this thread in the past, and I’ve expressed some thoughts on the topic. A rogue planet is a potential solution for what Raxxla might be. Rogue planets are permitted in the journal specification (http://hosting.zaonce.net/community/journal/v13/Journal_Manual_v13.pdf, see 11.2 Star Descriptions) as legitimate astronomical bodies, and discussion of the gameplay implications might help to clarify what we should be looking for, or they may not. That’s what this thread is for, but let’s not go running off on potentially false trails based on unsubstantiated rumour, unless you want to play that way, of course that is your right.
Last edited: Dec 17, 2020