Shadowzwarrior
S
Dec 17, 2020
#20,069
Jorki Rasalas said:
“ Its been said that someone has been there and honked the system but left” without discovering Raxxla ... is a rumour attributed to Michael Brookes at a closed Lavecon Q&A session (circa 2015 I think). We have no evidence to support that rumour.

“Its been said we will know Raxxla when we find it” is a rumour attributed to David Braben. I’m still waiting for someone to provide the reference to support that rumour.

“Its said everyone must take the journey for themselves.” Yep, Michael Brookes definitely said that during a livestream interview with DJTruthsayer. Although it can be interpreted to mean anything you want (edit: as can practically anything MB ever said; he’s a master at saying something that can have a multitude of meanings, or none! Most aggravating! )

Tinfoil can be useful (e.g. shielding the brain from electromagnetic radiation, cooking the turkey, making the copawlot look cute) but can be wasted on dubious rumours, which we try to avoid in this Quest.

This thread contains all the solid references we are aware of:

If you find any more let me know & I’ll add them to the list!
Click to expand...

I noticed you said a list of solid references and chasing dubious rumours. Yet you turn straight around and start mentioning rogue planets which no one has seen, catalogued or even gotten a quote saying they are in the current version or future game. So really none of my points are more wasteful than any ideas put before and all are possible in current known mechanics of the game. We know there are belts in the game, check. We know there are automated defences on bases known as flyers, check. And we know there are high g planets that are relatively small in the terms of planet sizes, check. Even if you call the high g asteroids a push which reading alot of the floated ideas it isn't it could be a asteroid belt encompassing a high g planet with all the mimes and auto defences i mentioned in the belt. All mechanics known to be in the game without screwing with stellar forge to map how rogues travel between systems or triggering misjumps in the current version of the game. I think by shoving someone's ideas down you could miss something that does pan out even in the slightest. Honestly very poor form from you considering all the other ideas put forward in the thousands of posts before me.
Reactions:
Hanerib