Jorki Rasalas
Dec 17, 2020
#20,071
RaNaketh said:
This aligns with my thoughts too.

If it's a journey we all have to make, it'd make sense that it's a constructed path requiring us to 'complete' each step before the next is unlocked/exposed/instanced (DW station I'm waiting at an 8th moon and it hasn't appeared yet!).

So at the moment I'm activating all 30 Guardian Beacons, taking the key and unlocking the specified target Guardian Structure site.

Then on my to-do list towards this path is still a lot:
Potentials, but still deciding of value vs effort/time:
So my journey will probably take some time, and along the way I'll keep my eyes peeled for 8th Moon dark stations, random Raxxla looking things and generally enjoy the game!

See you all in the Black.
Fly Dangerously,
/ Ra
Click to expand...

I can perhaps save you some time there:
Jorki is triple elite, and unlocked all the engineers, bubble+Colonia+Witchhead
Been allied with TDW in SD for ages, got allied with the PF faction that gives credits for killing goids. Visited most of the known beacons in the bubble, been to Beagle Point, joined the 64,000 ly Club. Visited Sag A* & Goliaths Rest

Young clone Tyko has been to Sag A* & Goliaths Rest and sold the exploration data the other day (100+ MCr) to TDW at Neuman Camp.

Both still waiting to hear from TDW!!!

I suspect Han_Zen may be right. We may either have to find the stealthy station by eyeball, or find another station where TDW recruiters hang out that might then lead towards it. I’m now wondering if need to get allied with the factions that show the triangle motif on their flag/drapes- it’s clearly beloved of Guardians and Pilot’s Fed/Universal Cartographic. Clearly FD when designing the game expected pilots to move around the bubble through running missions....perhaps the recruitment test is triggered by getting allied with sufficient number of the correct factions, your allied factions must be stored in-game but I don’t think it’s reported in the commander statistics.

There’s also the “Place that isn't a place, door that is also the key. The myth” mission (that may or may not have been deleted). Those elite ShinDez missions have always seemed to me to be the start of a storyline. Perhaps we need to find a “XXXX Gateway” station...
Last edited: Dec 17, 2020
Reactions:
RaNaketh