Jorki Rasalas
Dec 17, 2020
#20,067
Shadowzwarrior said:
So im going to through my tin foil hat out they and take some pot luck guess. Its been said that someone has been there and honked the system but left. My guesses from that is it might have been before the new dss kicked in so may not have had a scanner that could reach the item of interest. Its been said we will know it when we find it. From that, and this is wild shots it will have to stand out if your even remotely looking properly. So how to do that, could be that rather than sitting at the signals end of the dss it might be right right at the top where no one really looks. Maybe the signal might only be found after scanning an asteroid belt and I mean a decent one. The reason I say decent one is where the tin foil really earns its dollars. Its said everyone must take the journey for themselves. Being dead in the centre of a massive asteroid cluster would force players to fly normal pace to the signal. Throw in a few land mines, fatigue from flying for a long period avoiding objects, few auto defences, few natural hazards maybe extreme gravity asteroids which drag you to them and that makes for a journey everyone must take for themselves. And most likely easiest in a small ship say a cobra 3. Ideas?

“ Its been said that someone has been there and honked the system but left” without discovering Raxxla ... is a rumour attributed to Michael Brookes at a closed Lavecon Q&A session (circa 2015 I think). We have no evidence to support that rumour.

“Its been said we will know Raxxla when we find it” is a rumour attributed to David Braben. I’m still waiting for someone to provide the reference to support that rumour.

“Its said everyone must take the journey for themselves.” Yep, Michael Brookes definitely said that during a livestream interview with DJTruthsayer. Although it can be interpreted to mean anything you want (edit: as can practically anything MB ever said; he’s a master at saying something that can have a multitude of meanings, or none! Most aggravating! )

Tinfoil can be useful (e.g. shielding the brain from electromagnetic radiation, cooking the turkey, making the copawlot look cute) but can be wasted on dubious rumours, which we try to avoid in this Quest.

This thread contains all the solid references we are aware of:
FDev ED-relevant quotes/videos
Since much discussion is generated on the topic of DB said this, or MB said that, etc I posted my compilation of FDev source references on the Quest for Raxxla thread for others to use. It was suggested that it should be in its own thread for everyone to access & I’m happy to oblige. Please feel...
forums.frontier.co.uk

If you find any more let me know & I’ll add them to the list!
Last edited: Dec 17, 2020
Reactions:
Fiera