RaNaketh
Dec 16, 2020
#20,061
Han_Zen said:
The PF aren't that powerfull. They do own the rights to the FTL communication tech on our ships and for Galnet. This is licensed to Sirius, in some way. The nav. systems in all PF member ships (players) are under UC jurisdiction.
NPCs aren't members of PF and are not always limited by UC rules. You can see them jumping in and out of systems, with unobtainable permits.

Corporate factions can seemingly also opperate in locked sectors.

PF, EFP and the Founders are powerfull and have a bunch of cash, but being a member also comes with limitations. Finding and getting on the good side of the Dark Wheel, may help us overcome them.
In Imprint there is a mention that Elite pilots can get a commission with 'full jump navigation'. That is of course a Galcop commission, that allows you to go beyond the 8 galaxies. TDW may be able to give us something similar.

It wouldn't be surprising if FD have put in a few gates, on the journey to Raxxla. I doubt FD have put in any hidden mechanics for this. They would most likely rely on existing mechanics.

Being Elite is of course the first key that comes to mind. That key opens as far as I know, only Shinrarta Dezhra. Possibly the first gate?
The second gate may be the DW station. They key may be allied status with TDW in Shin Dez?
Third gate could be a permit locked sector or system and the key a permit from the real DW?

This is just an example but it shows how a journey could be constructed, with the mechanics that were in the game at release.
Click to expand...

This aligns with my thoughts too.

If it's a journey we all have to make, it'd make sense that it's a constructed path requiring us to 'complete' each step before the next is unlocked/exposed/instanced (DW station I'm waiting at an 8th moon and it hasn't appeared yet!).

So at the moment I'm activating all 30 Guardian Beacons, taking the key and unlocking the specified target Guardian Structure site.

Then on my to-do list towards this path is still a lot:
Complete all Codex entries (at least one of each) for a single region
Complete triple Elite (combat still to go)
Unlock all Engineers within the bubble (got side-tracked an never really completed them)
Re-verify Allied status with SD - DW faction
Buy Odyssey (just because supporting FDev and this awesome game is a good thing to do)!
Potentials, but still deciding of value vs effort/time:
Possibly trade all Galaxy Rare items at least once (I think Macros has already tried this?)
Visit some of the more remote tourist beacons / take passengers to them for SD - DW faction
So my journey will probably take some time, and along the way I'll keep my eyes peeled for 8th Moon dark stations, random Raxxla looking things and generally enjoy the game!

See you all in the Black.
Fly Dangerously,
/ Ra
Reactions:
Macros Black, Han_Zen, GURU-951 and 1 other person