Jorki Rasalas
Apr 8, 2019
#7,346
Six6VI said:
That sounds vaguely familiar and I'd be inclined to agree considering the range limitations imposed by earlier drive technology. If we're dealing with a system within 100 Ly of Sol, surely someone has stumbled into the right system by now, and if they haven't there must be something preventing entry?

The Pilot's Federation have some level of control over the permit locked systems and it would make sense to select Elite CMDRs from within their ranks to promote into more clandestine operations like Raxxla hunting with TDW but I'm not so sure FDev is ready for their prize mystery to be solved just yet.

If The Dark Wheel (84) novella is correct about Elite rank, Shinrarta Dezhra still seems like the best fit due to Farseer's comments about the faction and the qualifying unnamed gas giant and moon. Maybe the new mission server / dev crafted CG system will bring back the Raxxla related TDW missions?

It's possible some of us may have already triggered the entry requirements...

Edit: On the subject of permit locked regions I spotted something way too geometric in the star density around Barnards Loop. Bookmark these four systems and see if you can spot the corners of a cube:

Oochorrs AH-Q C20-6
Col 70 Sector PC-U C3-2
Col 70 Sector DA-Q D5-11
Col 70 Sector BR-C C13-0
Click to expand...

If it were to be permit locked there is a lockd system (unpopulated) about 15ly from Shinrarta, cant remember the name. Spotted it on galmap a while ago. No population, so no factions, so no known way (currently) to get the permit.

I’m not so sure nowadays that it is so close to the bubble. I posted a couple of weeks ago about the first rumour date with some handwavium hypothesising about possible fsd range at the time. That suggested it could be a long way out assuming it was TDW (a band of “dedicated explorers”) who found it, they could have been exploring for a long time before its discovery.. And if its a station of some kind (e.g. Guardian generation sphere) it may not be detectable until you’re very close-1000ls is already used in game, so perhaps 10ls for this? So you wouldn’t find it by scanning alone, you’d have to trip over it..

If it were to be a Guardian generation sphere then with the accretion of millenia it might appear to be a small planet/moon....
Reactions:
Six6VI