Jorki Rasalas
Nov 2, 2024
#35,195
selbie said:
The named Soontill system also doesn't have a "pale purple" brown dwarf in it either.
The image I quoted simulacrae above is from the Exploration section of the Pilot's Handbook. This section references the UC service when handing in system data. As there are no systems that I know of with a Lagrange cloud this close to a planetary body, it seems a little suspicious and potentially points to a buried secret by the in-fiction mapping service - which simulacrae had noticed.
I have yet to read the novel And Here The Wheel by John Harper but the character's description of Soontill does not reflect the named Soontill system in the game.
So either FDev bypassed the earlier lore to fit a new direction in which Soontill is effectively "archived" and not relevant, OR there is reason to suspect interference of the UC to hide the real location - which conveniently ties into FDev's exploration gameplay explained to the player in the handbook.

The Dark Wheel is a subsect of the CEP - Circle of Elite Pilots. Supposedly Soontill was used by CEP as one of their bases before it was destroyed by pirates with military weapons. The base wasn't just destroyed, the entire planet was allegedly "turned into a volcanic mess" by said pirates. That is a VERY powerful set of weaponry which would attract a lot of attention if used for pirate raids.

So that begs the question were they really pirates? or did the DW possess planet-destroying weaponry and wanted to undermine CEP's control of it? maybe they handed over such powerful weaponry to make the pirates the fall guys then secretly silenced them once the base was nuked, conveniently profiting from the sale of the relics.
Click to expand...
Dont want to spoil the book plot (it's really a good read!) but IIRC:
SPOILER



But in the book the planet Soontill was hidden by a "space fog"...the in-game system bears little resemblance to the book's description (apart from a large planetary surface artefact, supposedly the crater from the superweapon effect). This has led some to speculate that the Soontill system itself is not the correct one, however I suspect it is more likley that FD werent willing/able to support the book description accurately. IIRC the cloud effects came in only a couple of years ago, long after book release.
Last edited: Nov 2, 2024
Reactions:
Han_Zen, simulacrae and selbie