selbie
Nov 2, 2024
#35,194
Cmdr Unknown said:
May i ask when that "notable stellar phenomenon" a.k.a. a Lagrange cloud was present in the Soontill system? Because i surely can't find one there...
The named Soontill system also doesn't have a "pale purple" brown dwarf in it either.
The image I quoted simulacrae above is from the Exploration section of the Pilot's Handbook. This section references the UC service when handing in system data. As there are no systems that I know of with a Lagrange cloud this close to a planetary body, it seems a little suspicious and potentially points to a buried secret by the in-fiction mapping service - which simulacrae had noticed.
I have yet to read the novel And Here The Wheel by John Harper but the character's description of Soontill does not reflect the named Soontill system in the game.
So either FDev bypassed the earlier lore to fit a new direction in which Soontill is effectively "archived" and not relevant, OR there is reason to suspect interference of the UC to hide the real location - which conveniently ties into FDev's exploration gameplay explained to the player in the handbook.

The Dark Wheel is a subsect of the CEP - Circle of Elite Pilots. Supposedly Soontill was used by CEP as one of their bases before it was destroyed by pirates with military weapons. The base wasn't just destroyed, the entire planet was allegedly "turned into a volcanic mess" by said pirates. That is a VERY powerful set of weaponry which would attract a lot of attention if used for pirate raids.

So that begs the question were they really pirates? or did the DW possess planet-destroying weaponry and wanted to undermine CEP's control of it? maybe they handed over such powerful weaponry to make the pirates the fall guys then secretly silenced them once the base was nuked, conveniently profiting from the sale of the relics.

The store's name is also "Garry's Reclamations" - possibly referencing the Garry pirate clan. It would make sense if these vagabonds were DW and they may have "reclaimed" relics from the CEP they thought were theirs.



Regarding the relics themselves I have been wondering...
The galnet articles point to them being Thargoid in origin and potentially a separate ethnic group from the ones we interact with.
1. Soontill was supposedly pointed out by Thargoids themselves. How did that happen??? Is this article the only reference to this happening 50 years before the present era?
2. The relics "do not quite align with known Thargoid materials" and the French historian in the article then points to varied cultures from human history. If this relates to an alternate Tharg ethnicity / culture, could this mean TDW may have access to alternate Tharg tech?
3. The earlier galnet article refers to the fraudulent Gallagher Restoration auction - circa 2985 (ie circa 1995 in our real time). Gallagher is a celtic name meaning "Foreign / eager help". I presume this was part of the early veiled clues to indicate the "restoration" of a foreign 'help' - the race of "thieves from beyond". So in this case the relics were likely a lore vehicle for reintroducing the Thargoids into the game, and perhaps TDW could also piggyback off this as well.
Last edited: Nov 2, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae