CMDR ShoutOfHellas
May 11, 2018
#2,397
Thatchinho said:
Sorry mate, but your proof is basically a load of people talking out of their backsides.

They are making up stuff that wasn't said and distorting and ignoring that which was. And consequently so are you. Examples from your post:

Neither Drew of FD ever claimed all the assets were there at launch. Assets were added or upgraded as new things came along. That's not a secret. It was just doing the sensible thing and adding more to it when it became possible to do so. Nothing there constitutes a lie.

No they weren't. It was a massive effort by a lot of players to discover them.

It was always a false accusation. There wasn't any 'turned out to be about it'. The reality of the situation has been explained many many times.

Seriously, just read the tone of what the reddit poster is saying. He says that it's not gospel and just subjective opinion, but then goes on and on about how he's revealing 'the truth', and what's more goes on to say that they will make sure that no one buys Drew's books. Does the stuff they're saying strike you as being even remotely like the kind of statements you would expect from the type of person you would consider a trustworthy source of information?


The issue is, that the actions of that reddit poster and others contributed to various people including Drew getting subjected to an atrocious load of abuse, which was utterly out of order on the part of those involved.

The consequence of all that was that a significant content creator for the game left permanently (and other people who had also contributed a lot might have left too). Bear in mind also that this was the first attempt to organise a large scale event in the game. A further consequence of the way people acted is that we are very clearly not going to get any more things of that nature.

As I said, the consequences of that rubbish being spread around has cost us all.

I therefore stand corrected and take back my statement that Wagar and Braben were lying.
Of course I am not assuming that The Zurara was found in literal 5 seconds. I know how big the operation was.
I didn't know that Drew left FD because of that huge sh*tstorm. I am not criticising him as an author. I really loved Reclamation and Premonition.
There were still inconsistencies with Salomés hull integrity, though. Of course this could've been due to instancing issues, but Istill felt kinda scammed. I've reached the point, where I don't trust my knowledge anymore and research is really difficult because the information is spread and hidden in the deepest catacombs of the Forum.
The nail in th coffin for me was the supposedly planned involvement of the SDC as guards of Salomé. Is that false, too?

So do you think Raxxla is in the game and Braben and Brooks are credible?