Jaiotu
May 11, 2018
#2,398
CMDR ShoutOfHellas said:
I'll just quote Canonn from Canonn on this one: 'Alas, the Dark Wheel is not considered ‘canon’ for Elite Dangerous so we cannot rely on this description of Raxxla, [...].' (Source: https://canonn.science/lore/drewwagar-raxxla/)
Assuming that Raxxla is not what we think it is, is justified.

EDIT: By the way, because you explicitly highlighted "A planet": "Planet" is greek and means wanderer, which could technically refer to a person.

Strictly speaking you are correct. The Dark Wheel is not 'canon'. There are however plenty of clues that point to the core elements of The Dark Wheel story line being a part of this version of Elite's history.

John Harper's And Here the Wheel reveals that The Dark Wheel exists as an organization and cements the Ryder family's role in that organization. It also reveals that the quest for Raxxla became a primary goal of The Dark Wheel. Drew Wagar's Premonition contains a character who appears in every way to be Elyssia Fields from Holdstock's original novella.

I think the only reason why The Dark Wheel isn't considered canon is because the original 1984 Elite presumed a universe populated by inumerable alien species. It is a vision that Frontier: Elite 2 completely undid and so there are aspects of the original game that simply don't work in the current game's timeline.

It's important to remember that Raxxla is entirely the creation of Robert Holdstock and not either David Braben or Ian Bell. Or Michael Brookes for that matter. If Holdstock's description holds no bearing on whatever Raxxla is inside the current game then, quite frankly, the quest to find it has zero meaning. If Raxxla is anything other then what is described in The Dark Wheel then then it completely divorces itself from any of the reasons why any of us would want to go searching for it and you might as well sum up the quest as "and it turned out that Raxxla was in our hearts all along".
Last edited: May 11, 2018
Reactions:
CMDR ShoutOfHellas