Rochester
Dec 23, 2023
#32,715
Emperor said:
Whilst not the same spelling as Art Tornqvist, I noticed another Tornquist from Galnet, forgot to point this out in case you hadn't seen it...


Galactic News: Empire to Retake Facece

04 Feb 3302

A little over two weeks ago, the Facece system was occupied by an independent faction known as the Allied Facece Order. The news sent shockwaves through the Empire, with many asking how such a small organisation could take control of the second most important system in Imperial space. The consternation felt by Imperial citizens was compounded by the Empire's apparent lack of urgency regarding the issue, with many directing their frustration at Chancellor Anders Blaine, who was until recently the system's primary administrator.
of the Imperial Herald seemed to encapsulate the views of many when he asked: "What is Chancellor Blaine waiting for? Every day that passes is another day in which the people of Facece labour under the dictatorial rule of the Allied Facece Order. Action must be taken!" Almost as soon as this complaint was aired, Clearly Chancellor Blaine announced plans to retake the Facece system:
"I apologise for what some have perceived as a lack of alacrity. I know the Imperial people are eager to see these opportunists removed from Imperial space, but it was essential that we plan our operation carefully to minimise the danger to the people of Facece. Now the planning is over, and order will soon be restored. I implore the people of Facece to remain calm. And to the Allied Facece Order I say this: your days are numbered."
Click to expand...
Yes - I’ve been here previously, this I believe is a naming relationship where FD are referring us to the Lost Realms of Robert Holdstock via the Codex, eg not only do you have the reference of Cora / Kore / Persephone aka the path between Demeter and Persephone - which does lead us to the Lost Realms, but simplistically this reference of Art could link to Colm again does draw our attention to these Lost Realms.

For me there is a great deal of information in game that does point to us the Lost Realms zone, but I find the literary references to Milton’s Pendant World somewhat contradictory; unless the Codex is attempting to replicate a much larger map, that incorporates those upper Zones of Chaos and the Empyrean which I’ve identified, where ultimately Miltons Pendant World ought to sit, directly above the deity of Chaos and below the brow of heaven.

The references to Gilgamesh I believe have a relation, because of the works of Robert Holdstock and the Rune of Thorn, the thorny vine / thorn branch…

In game such references may exist to the story of Gilgamesh, which are spacially much higher up, technically within the zones of chaos and touching the hypothetical zone of the Empyrean!

Does the story of Gilgamesh, which is linked to Shamash, help point to Raxxla?
Last edited: Dec 23, 2023
Reactions:
Shadowsnog and Emperor