Rochester
Feb 13, 2024
#33,387
Han_Zen said:
It is interesting. Mostly because this idea could actually work.
As a lore element it's fully plausible that Rafe's Anaconda is still out there. It was in pretty bad shape and might not have been able to move. Rafe him self wasn't in the best shape either. He may have just died out there.
The Zurara supposedly had text logs at release. These were later updated to voice logs. In the hypothetical case of Rafe's Conda, I would expect something similar. Probably logs that were intended to help Alex get in contact with the Dark Wheel. Hopefully they could help us do the same.

The location is defined as 0.1 ly from Tionisla. This is repeated several times in the book. The vector from Tionisla is not defined.
This is the sequence when they line up for the jump:
"Alex laughed and said, ‘Repeat after me: Lady of Fate, we adore you… ‘
'Get us to Rafe’s, we implore you…’
The monuments and monoliths drifted by. The star field widened ahead of them.
‘Nearly there,’ Elyssia breathed. ‘Get ready for the jump…’"

There is a chance that there is a specific star that we have to aim for. This could be the Jewel, Sol, Shinrarta Dezhra, Lave or something hinted in the book. We just have to pick one and go. It's at least something to actually search for.
Click to expand...
‘Lady of Fate, we adore you’

A reference to lady Fortuna. A possible link to Trinkets of hidden fortune?

I heard tell in this thread that there may have been something about this deity that Brookes had worked on. I think via Strouds recollection, but that it was likely dropped?

We know via FD the Trinkets were linked to the ‘removed’ DW story. I believe they had some unknown purpose, but it’s an unknown if this is still functional.

Again there is the similarity to the burial pod of Hammer in Legacy and of Brookes in the tour…

It’s evident Brookes was referring back to this text, some aspect of this deity of Fortuna (wheel of fate) and used cargo pods somehow.

The tour would seem to place emphasis upon the system Artemis; is there something there to find? A crashed pod maybe or some POI in a roid cluster?
Last edited: Feb 13, 2024
Reactions:
D7, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Han_Zen and 1 other person