D7
D
Feb 13, 2024
#33,397
Han_Zen said:
It is interesting. Mostly because this idea could actually work.
As a lore element it's fully plausible that Rafe's Anaconda is still out there. It was in pretty bad shape and might not have been able to move. Rafe him self wasn't in the best shape either. He may have just died out there.
The Zurara supposedly had text logs at release. These were later updated to voice logs. In the hypothetical case of Rafe's Conda, I would expect something similar. Probably logs that were intended to help Alex get in contact with the Dark Wheel. Hopefully they could help us do the same.

The location is defined as 0.1 ly from Tionisla. This is repeated several times in the book. The vector from Tionisla is not defined.
This is the sequence when they line up for the jump:
"Alex laughed and said, ‘Repeat after me: Lady of Fate, we adore you… ‘
'Get us to Rafe’s, we implore you…’
The monuments and monoliths drifted by. The star field widened ahead of them.
‘Nearly there,’ Elyssia breathed. ‘Get ready for the jump…’"

There is a chance that there is a specific star that we have to aim for. This could be the Jewel, Sol, Shinrarta Dezhra, Lave or something hinted in the book. We just have to pick one and go. It's at least something to actually search for.
Click to expand...


Yes.
In addition, Rafe would contact Alex via some sort of holographic display. For example, when he was on the orbit-hospital around thee earth-like at Leesti.
This makes me think that that Rafe knew how to make communication systems and that he likely could have left behind a game workable log or interface system.
The origin point to Rafe's Conda was the Tionisla Graveyard which FDev oddly did not put into the game after saying they were going to? At any rate, the Graveyard was between the Sun and the first planet (which is an earth-like) >>" the cemetery is always between the planet and it's star". Also the text reads: "The best way to see the wreckage at Tionisla is to approach it from the Sun." This makes me think the Graveyard was between the sun and the planet, yes, but, likely closer to the sun. There is an astroid belt just 2.1 Ls from the Sun so the graveyard may have been there.

The jump of 0.1 Ly is the same as a SC for 3,155,760 Ls. Far but not to bad.

Rafe himself must have known he had to make his own hide-away home findable in the vastness of space for himself also. So, I would think he would have set up the vector to it in a manner that it was pointing to an identifiable visual or ship setting. When he would be going to his own home he would have jumped to Tionisla. Then he would have aimed for something. While I was out walking my Norfolk Terrier the other day I was thinking the same thing to - maybe a certain star system. It's interesting that the text reads: "the stars in this galaxy are markers" referring to the ship wrecks be as it may.
Reactions:
Quaero and Han_Zen