Jorki Rasalas
Jun 26, 2021
#23,806
Djidjel said:
I just did. And for the life of me, I seem to not be able to find it. No "it has been in-game since gamma" (and therefore no SRV needed to find it) official statement. Only some deductions here in the forum about the 2.0 patch notes that said "Secret added". Which may well have been just about the Zurara plot. What worries me is that allegedly DB said that it is possible to find Raxxla only "if you scan it enough". What does that mean? Do you have to be in a wing and do a simultaneous scan? Do you have to honk that system 100 times? That a FSS scan is enough? Do you have to do a detailed scan of each system body? Because some of these issues that I mentioned above make Raxxla nigh UNFINDABLE. Unless you already know what to look for from another source.
Someone explained to me once the difference between a code and a cypher. You may be able to crack a cypher because there is a certain logic and pattern to it. But a code is a basically a metaphor and therefore impossible to crack. IMHO Raxxla is a code.
I also believe that somehow by adding the FSS and the codex FDev wanted to make it easier to find, but the codex entry remains just another metaphor. Tiny bit obvious they think, but still, only a metaphor. There's obfuscation all over the place here, not just the outer rim.
Click to expand...
Have a look at the FD quotes thread (my signature). DB definitely said Raxxla has been in-game since the gamma but can’t remember if I found the source reference for that (see edit). As you say it is alleged that he said Raxxla will appear if you are in the right place and honk enough, and something about more likely to be found by a group of players. No source has been found for that either, and I only found one claimant. However it is the basis for my belief that you have to be very close to Raxxla/Omphalos and honk to make it appear. With a minimum speed of 30Km/sec in supercruise and a honk-honk time of 16 seconds (due to scanner charge and recovery time) it makes it very unlikely that a single player will find it if the detection distance is set to something like 10Km. You’d have to be sure of the location and honk in normal space to stand a reasonable chance. At max speed of 500 metres/sec in normal space a fast ship like a Phantom would then take an awful lot of honks to cover 0.1 light secs of positional uncertainty (I tried searching Jupiter-Io L1 position last weekend in case Raxxla is a tribute to 2001 Space Odyssey; the “personal journey” fits with “Odyssey” and its reuse for the latest title may be a another hint, as may be the use of the Blue Danube music to accompany station autodocking).

Edit: the nearest source ref I have is Drew Wagar:
DJTruthsayer interview with Drew Wagar
m.twitch.tv/videos/85666548
17:00: Drew says that DB said Raxxla in-game during a pre-release party, so very early on.
Last edited: Jun 26, 2021
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Djidjel and 3navis