drew
Jun 26, 2021
#23,814
Jorki Rasalas said:
Have a look at the FD quotes thread (my signature). DB definitely said Raxxla has been in-game since the gamma but can’t remember if I found the source reference for that (see edit). As you say it is alleged that he said Raxxla will appear if you are in the right place and honk enough, and something about more likely to be found by a group of players. No source has been found for that either, and I only found one claimant. However it is the basis for my belief that you have to be very close to Raxxla/Omphalos and honk to make it appear. With a minimum speed of 30Km/sec in supercruise and a honk-honk time of 16 seconds (due to scanner charge and recovery time) it makes it very unlikely that a single player will find it if the detection distance is set to something like 10Km. You’d have to be sure of the location and honk in normal space to stand a reasonable chance. At max speed of 500 metres/sec in normal space a fast ship like a Phantom would then take an awful lot of honks to cover 0.1 light secs of positional uncertainty (I tried searching Jupiter-Io L1 position last weekend in case Raxxla is a tribute to 2001 Space Odyssey; the “personal journey” fits with “Odyssey” and its reuse for the latest title may be a another hint, as may be the use of the Blue Danube music to accompany station autodocking).

Edit: the nearest source ref I have is Drew Wagar:
DJTruthsayer interview with Drew Wagar

17:00: Drew says that DB said Raxxla in-game during a , so very early on.
Click to expand...
I can give you the precise date and event. We loremasters keep notes, don't you know.

It was Tuesday the 8th July 2014 at about 7pm. David Braben was giving a talk at the Bafta Games Showcase (building was near Piccadilly in London). I, along with several other Elite fans, went along to hear the talk.

I hadn't met David Braben before this point, but I introduced myself to him (as one of the writers who'd pledged on the KS earlier that year) after his presentation which was called "My other car's a Cobra Mk3."



I chatted with him for about 5 minutes about the KS, the writers pledge, the ideas I had, how ED might evolve, how the coding was going and (yes, fanboy) how big an influence Elite had been etc...

Then I asked him "Is Raxxla in the game?"

He answered with "Yes. And we know where it is." (I assumed the "we" meant Frontier Developments). Then everyone headed to the bar (which, amazingly, did sell beers and there were no signs of adhesive supplies).

This is the moment. (I'd come straight from work, hence the suit!) It was captured by a follow Elite fan who'd sat next to me.



Cheers,

Drew.
Last edited: Jun 26, 2021
Reactions:
RaNaketh, ObsoleteRobot, CMDRGURU951 and 17 others