[PS4] Filthymick420
Aug 26, 2019
#11,358
Vetinari said:
Been thinking...Storywriters were told Raxxla was off limits as something that should play out on the game, whole Lore has been Retconned but not changed (Jameson ship chronoogy is still current), so what has changed? Most of the stuff about Raxxla, why? Because it was too hard to retro-fit something into the old idea that was never planned to be anything in the first place? Why retconn it at all if it doesnt 'exist' physically in the game, far simpler to leave it as was.

The Codex etc hints that it does exist, the fact that they have changed the lore around it suggests its for a reason other than just plain background.

GalNet - I always thought Gan Romero etc although 'meant to take place off-camera' could still have hints or backup to other areas of the lore or game. So the dreams etc may be linked to other dreams just to back up one actual physical storyline later on that does involve dreams maybe, rather than just a 'fairytale' bit of fluff to make the galaxy seem lived in or there'd have been more surely.

So maybe, just maybe, it in the game this time.

TDW are still looking for Raxxla aren't they? Maybe they know who the people are, if anybody, who does know where it is if that bit of the old lore is still true about the formation of the DW in the first place and why.

DW station - disused station round an unnamed GG - how many stations in human history just got forgotten about? What was there that was wanted enough to build a station then used so quickly it just got forgotten? like an old west ghost town?

Surface Missions - sometimes you get a pickup job or a scan beacon job at a RNG base, you have to map the planet and it shows up within 4-5LS I think it was for me, real close. Raxxla could be a similar place, no need for different game mechanics....a journey each must take for themselves.

Right thats enough help from me, you now have all the info you need to find it, if its there, which I truly believe it might be this time.
Click to expand...
I've been doing tdw missions and mystery tip offs all year though. Nothing more than I'm now much better at finding coordinates
Reactions:
PeteACarter, Macros Black, Count dEstard and 2 others