lojames22
Apr 20, 2019
#7,590
“It is true that we are only created to be pilgrims on earth, and should, within our souls, travel upwards to our true country:
All this is true, and yet it is also true that I must love Raxxla”

“Some call Raxxla’s face the Court of Queen Virtue” -could this relate to needing all 3 or 4 elite ranks? There were 4 ancient virtues, all acquired through skill and discipline.

“Since as soon as you were struck by the rays from Raxxla’s eyes, you knelt down, Reason, and straight away offered to prove
that loving her was reasonable by using good rational argument.”

“Cupid, because you shine in Raxxla’s eyes” -relation to some location in the Milky Way galaxy?

“And her clear voice raises your fame to the skies: because of all that you think Raxxla belongs to you, like those men who having created a breach in the enemy line by fighting well prematurely call out that the victory is theirs.”
“My eyes (shall I say cursed or blessed?) beheld Raxxla: now she is named, need any more be said?”
“I see that my course points towards my losing myself: I see, and yet take from that no greater sorrow than that I do not lose even more for Raxxla’s sake.”

“Has this world anything as lovely as Raxxla is?”
“Proclaimed such by the Delphic Oracle, says, in sugared sentence, that virtue, if it were once seen by our eyes, would cause strange flames of love in our souls.” -a mention of the Oracle in Delphi and it’s possible relation to Raxxla, through the Omphalos Rift

“Love of itself, takes Raxxla’s shape, so that it might, in her, shine sweetly to mortal eyes.”

“Though earthbound wits dare to scorn astrology, and fools may think that those lamps of purest light (the stars), (whose numbers, ways, greatness, eternity, promise wonderful things, so inviting wonder) have birthright in the sky for no purpose except to spangle the black dress of night;
...
And if these laws were to fail, this proof satisfies me, that I often prophesy my future course, from just those two stars in Raxxla’s face.” -Is Raxxla in a system with 2 stars?

Many of these Sonnet quotes relate to the way Raxxla has been searched for, or sought out. A couple additional hints may be present.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420