lojames22
Apr 20, 2019
#7,588
Hint: To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!"

- Alleged toast of the Dark Wheel
To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!: Zeta Cassiopeiae? Or another star system around there?

Whisperer in witch-space: There may be a whisper during hyperspace jumps, perhaps this changes with different system jumps, what is it saying?

siren of the deepest void: there is a modern space book on this... void = space in Greek Mythology. A song in deep space? Where is the deepest space in the Milky Way?

The parent’s grief: Could be about Demeter and Persephone. Or other stories, but see additional info below.

The lover’s woe: ? Really not sure on this one

Siren of the deepest void:
Expression ‘siren song’ referring to an appeal that is hard to resist but, if heeded, will have terrible consequences. One tale has the sirens as companions of a young Persephone (daughter of Zeus and the harvest goddess, Demeter) and given wings by Demeter to allow them to search for Persephone when she was abducted by Hades to become queen of the underworld. The sirens searched for Persephone but eventually gave up and settled on their island home. Later, they were provoked by Hera (wife of Zeus) to enter a contest with the Muses and, defeated, were deprived of their wings.

Persephone is a Planet in Sol and it’s own star system

The parent’s grief:
The Greek goddess Demeter wandered endlessly throughout the world, her piteous cries for her daughter, Persephone (who had been abducted by Hades, god of the Underworld), resounding through the night. Some believe that it was her prolonged, unresolved grief that made Demeter the most compassionate of the goddesses, the one best able to empathize with humans because of her experience with pain and suffering.

Hint: Princess Astrophell and the Spiralling Stars.

In the Astrophel and Stella sonnet, replace Stella with Raxxla? Same number of letters, and makes tons of sense actually. Just read it like that. Stella: based on the real life Penelope Devereux. Also noted in the Sonnet.

If Stella is subsistuted for Raxxla in the Sonnet, the meaning of the Sonnet is incredible. Same number of letters, tons about certain star systems and planets in there. If Stella means Raxxla:

-Raxxla system may have two stars.
-Raxxla may be located close to a star.

“That I often prophesy my future course,
From just those two stars in Stella’s (Raxxla’s) face.”

Could be two Wolf-Rayet stars per my previous post...
Sonnet also references Pleiades, Jupiter, Mars and Venus. Many connections to “Persephone” throughout the Sonnet and Dark Wheel toast. That planet is the farthest landable out in Sol.

“Let affected intellects invoke the nine Muses” also “nine Sisters”

1 Calliope
2 Clio
3 Erato
4 Euterpe
5 Melpomene
6 Polyhymnia
7 Terpsichore
8 Thalia
9 Urania

None of these are systems, may not be related. Lots about using Greek metaphors in the Sonnet as well though.