Han_Zen
Aug 25, 2023
#31,377
Jorki Rasalas said:
I’m seeing a lot of wishful thinking.

If Raxxla is a definite place in-game then it must be held on the FD server until a player crosses the Omphalos Rift (it should be noted that a Rift is not a place, cos it’s a hole which could be a door/gateway) to trigger its download....this is the only way that FD could ensure the file miners didnt find it.

But the codex only hints that Raxxla is a definite place “according to the earliest stories” ..which implies contradiction by later stories! And the only hint that said "A certain celestial body. Place that isn't a place, door that is also the key. The myth" was removed from game in early 2016 so is invalid as the basis for any supposition.

DB said we don’t know it is, while MB said “It’s something in the game world (not text) and very hard to find”
so it be a place, but could alternatively be a Guardian AI, a Thargoid Queen, another npc, a tourist beacon... or anything at all
I read the hints a little different.

Raxxla is where you go to find the Omphalos rift. The rift will take you somewhere else.

Raxxla could be something mundane and completely natural, like a planet or a moon. It could also be just a location, where the rift is.

Rafe is very specific on this: "Your father was chasing the mythical planet Raxxla. Does it exist, or does it not? If it does, then on Raxxla there’s an alien construct that’s a gateway to other Universes, and all that’s in those Universes in the way of bounty, and treasures, and aliens, and life…"

This description of the alien construct matches the description of the Ophalos rift, in the Codex:
"Several versions of the Raxxla story mention an alien artefact, the Omphalos Rift, described
as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed."

I would also assume that early stories can be considered more accurate than later stories, as they are closer to the original.
Reactions:
simulacrae, Jorki Rasalas, Rochester and 1 other person