Jorki Rasalas
Jan 13, 2020
#14,647
Vetinari said:
Which came first the UA or the Tharg Bases? Perhaps the idea was that the UA would be 'solved' and the diagram would show you what to do when you opened the base, ie you need all 3 Tharg devices, dunno.

Real reason I came to post, an observation. have just reached Warrant Officer and got a permit for a System call it XXXX, hadn't updated in GalMap so was able to look at it and all it said was 'needs XXXX permit'. No indication of who the permit holder was or how to get it. So some of those 'mysterious' permit holders may not be as mysterious as we thought, may just be standard for some descriptions and 'hidden' or otherwise achievement / rank unlocks them. Hidden as in not described even though its fairly 'standard' to achieve.

Theories:

Thargoid Heart - may open the Guardian Doors (yes Im back to them, very encouraged by responses and pic of device near the door to check out). Has anyone tried Tharg Hearts, I haven't even harmed anything above Scout yet so a long way off testing.
There may be a hidden AX counter, it seems to be maybe all that's unaccounted for in Permit unlocks, this may unlock a permit? Would take a lot and I mean a lot and assume you get notified if it unlocks which nobody has reported to my knowledge so doubtful, but possible.
'Hidden' ranks - PF, PF Local Branch, speculation EPF, DW?

P.S. Maybe some of it is like asking 'How do I get a permit to Area 51?' - You can't, not matter what you do.
Click to expand...

Well, in an in-gameplay sense first came the UA, then the UP, then the pictogram, then the UL, though I think the bases were found sometime before the UL was found though my memory is not good and the relevant Canonn threads were “cleansed” in the forum reconstruction. However in a metaphysical sense you could imagine the bases as crashed mother ships that brought the hen goids that laid the eggs UA

However that is a very good point about the system permits. I noticed yesterday on the galmap/nav panel as I flew out to Asterope that Peregrina is permit locked but I don’t think it said what type of permit is required. Just googled and the Aristocrats are the source. So maybe we should be trading/data delivering for all factions nearby the (6?) locked systems like Witch’s Reach? Although some of the Fed/Imp permit benefits are obvious, it isn’t at all clear what (if any) benefit there is to obtaining some of the other system permits. I suspect there are gameplay implications here of which we are, as yet, unaware. Might be that PF/TDW/Raxxla etc are part of that gameplay; it would fit nicely with “personal journey”.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Vetinari and Machina Ergo Sum