Han_Zen
Jan 13, 2020
#14,644
Vetinari said:
Which came first the UA or the Tharg Bases? Perhaps the idea was that the UA would be 'solved' and the diagram would show you what to do when you opened the base, ie you need all 3 Tharg devices, dunno.

Real reason I came to post, an observation. have just reached Warrant Officer and got a permit for a System call it XXXX, hadn't updated in GalMap so was able to look at it and all it said was 'needs XXXX permit'. No indication of who the permit holder was or how to get it. So some of those 'mysterious' permit holders may not be as mysterious as we thought, may just be standard for some descriptions and 'hidden' or otherwise achievement / rank unlocks them. Hidden as in not described even though its fairly 'standard' to achieve.

Theories:

Thargoid Heart - may open the Guardian Doors (yes Im back to them, very encouraged by responses and pic of device near the door to check out). Has anyone tried Tharg Hearts, I haven't even harmed anything above Scout yet so a long way off testing.
There may be a hidden AX counter, it seems to be maybe all that's unaccounted for in Permit unlocks, this may unlock a permit? Would take a lot and I mean a lot and assume you get notified if it unlocks which nobody has reported to my knowledge so doubtful, but possible.
'Hidden' ranks - PF, PF Local Branch, speculation EPF, DW?

P.S. Maybe some of it is like asking 'How do I get a permit to Area 51?' - You can't, not matter what you do.
Click to expand...
UA/TS came long before anything else. They only do mose code (System/body name and later Ship plot + point to Merope).
Barnacles were next.
Then came the Probe with the sonogram and planet info in 8 bit binary(points to Merope 5C). The bases and links came shortly after.

All the decodable info has been solved. Only more vague questions are unanswered:

Why do the Thargoid objects have a distortion field?
What are the fireflies?
What does the 'galaxy' in the thargoid machine represent?
Last edited: Jan 14, 2020
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420