Jorki Rasalas
Jan 2, 2021
#20,247
Cunder said:
Just for the hell of it I figure I look into the meaning of "The Door that is a key." and redefine the meaning so I looked in the symbolism of key and found an interesting site that had a quote from a philosopher Omar Khayyam that would represent the opposite.

There was a Door to which I found no Key:
There was a Veil through which I could not see:
Some little Talk awhile of Me and Thee
There seemed — and then no more of Thee and Me.

I continue to read the meaning of the quotes and it was basically the perception of dualism. So I figure well if that is dualism then for "The Door that is a Key" would represent monism.

So I googled Monism and got some searches some even name Monad. There is a lot of related links when you read through it some even come around into Greek among other things.

- goes through the many ideology for many philosophers and religions.
- there is a lot of related stuff to those like element particles, geometrics the link of cosmogony refers back to the world egg.
- the originators of monad which still did their rituals with Delphi Oracle at the Temple of Apollo.

Edit: Anyone ever go through the elements of the , also refered to as the Monomyth?
Click to expand...

Nice try , but the trouble is there are are multiple possible meanings when you try this route.
E.G. could also be 'Life' and 'Death' - there are no 'thee and me' when we're dead; 'beyond the veil of Death'... And this seems to tie in with Shinrarta Dezhra, which if I remember correctly means "In Life she saw Hope" (named by a kickstarter backer, https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/shinrarta-dezhra.7710/post-5622298, and MB/DB seemed to treat this meaning as a secret-why??), and this meaning was echoed by Luko Giovanni in the FD-sponsored book by Drew Wagar.

Yes, an unhealthy dose of Space Madness is a pre-requisite for this thread!

And yes, various people have raised and discussed the hero's journey, the Odyssey, the Iliad, Ishtar/Cora/Persephone/Seven Veils... ;we're still looking!
Reactions:
Rochester