Rochester
Feb 24, 2023
#29,274
*edited

Mmm but here in lies the problem, if there is something in game which no one has ever been able to find because it literally is so obvious… maybe FD need to direct players towards that content which is being ignored; not I propose through silly visual clues either simply or complex, which half of us don’t see! But some standard narrative markers.

E.g find a focal point (station mission boards) and use existing in game processes, not to wag a finger, but highlight there is more to them than previously thought.

In this stream they are specifically talking about USS’s… that there is content in there, and we need to read between the lines!

USSs are used for various mission markers, it would stand to reason this might be a way to direct players towards Raxxla, but I presume many of us generally ignore them.

I admit to ignoring them, I still scan them, to identify them but also look for anomalies; but generally I stopped engaging with them earlier on, because I’d learnt they only were semi-persistent, and generally are wall-flowers, and like most players - I’m destination focused, so I’ve never really stopped to smell these flowers, not at least since launch.

Do we need to find the right USS or a series of USS’s or…just listen to the gossip, and then fill in the gaps?

Maybe Raxxla and or the Dark Wheel are breadcrumb trails hidden within these USS locations conversations?

Maybe it doesn’t actually matter where you start!

If it’s location based then it would make it harder to find, but by FD statements of it being obvious I suspect maybe an indication that the location is not a priority?

Maybe there is USS content which marries that of the Codex, or which we just need to listen to a make an informed judgment!

When I’m next in game I’ll definitely be dropping in on these more and begin to listen to their chatter (that’s if it’s Legacy based), but how do we know ‘where’ to start?

Tau Ceti?

I wonder @Allen Stroud would you be able to shed any light upon USS content and where such a road might take us?

Unidentified Signal Source
An Unidentified Signal Source or USS spontaneously appears throughout a star system during Supercruise. Targeting a USS will automatically scan and reveal its specific type, which can contain anything such as unique ship encounters or Commodities. Missions can send players to specific USS sites...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com
Last edited: Feb 26, 2023
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas