CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 25, 2022
#27,513
Jorki Rasalas said:
Ive just been looking back at some notes re passenger missions & I think there is relevant lore:

TDW- how do we prove our bravery & competence to such a group of adventurers? membership test likely to involve adventure, exploration, travel, treasure hunting missions, unlikely to promote assassination

Game stats collected
Exploration
Systems visited, exploration profits
Passengers

Ackwada mention in AStroud’s PhD thesis? Tourist beacon! Ackwada & Bedaho: Saud Kruger (Dolphin, Orca, Beluga, only ships that can carry the luxury cabins; these missions are very rare, but very lucrative (a system with a High Tech economy, at least two factions in boom, and one in civil liberty). Fits with “personal journey” hint!! For Luxury passenger missions try Wealthy stations with a Service or Tourism based economy, though some reported at Jameson Memorial ShinDez!) tourist beacon 226-228, Astrogator Tours corporation, specialising in deep space adventure holidays-claims legendary explorer Augustus Brenquithas its long dead patron. The Corporation was based in Bedaho, but maintains office facilities in 80% of all colonised systems and through its contractual support program, helps local tourist attractions develop their portfolio for the discerning interstellar explorer. Astrogator holidays range from cruises around groups of local systems, to the more extreme, and Astrogator Extreme holidays carry the image of the legendary explorer Augustus Brenquith. The holidays tend to include extreme, and frequently quite dangerous, activities in distant locations, like atmospheric wave-riding, volcano diving and magnetic surfing. Trusted intrepid pilotstake these adventurers 'to the edge' for 'life-changing experiences'. Tourist beacon 216- Augustus Brenquith went on a solitary search for new worlds. He is officially accredited with the discovery of various star systems including Ackwada and its habitable planet. An ancient message capsule was recovered from outside the orbit of Jupiter in the Sol system. It had a message crystal with the log of the second five years of Augustus Brenquith's solitary search for new worlds, his 'glittering legacy'. Included in the list of planetary systems that he discovered was Ackwada.

3270 Seeking to expand its business, yacht manufacturer Saud Kruger purchases the struggling Astrogator Tours company, allowing it to gain a foothold in multiple systems, which in turn spurs its rise as a leading manufacturer of luxury passenger liners.

The lore might be that Augustus Brenquith found Raxxla during his travels and was a member/founder of TDW? That message capsule & data crystal is very suggestive! Why mention it and then leave it dangling with no visible follow-up?

In the meantime, I’m still testing my latest hypothesis. Yesterday I reached 6 Cassiopeia after departing Crab Pulsar on Sunday, 124 jumps. Mainly undiscovered systems, with a couple of ELW and about a dozen water worlds. I mapped the nearest but left a few for later explorers. Nice views of Heart & Soul , IC1805, with Bubble Neb in the distance.
Click to expand...
A bit of commentary: you are correct in that we were never told who founded TDW. However, historically it was assumed the Ryders by the community. Raffe Zetter inducts Alex Ryder into the organization and presumably his father was not the founder given events happen in the late 3100s. You should look to the first Elite Commander (later shortened to CMDR) for the founder of TDW. TDW founds The Pilot's Federation which itself is founded centuries before the first game in 2805 when Lave and much of the Old Worlds were much more democratic in their governance. These folks that founded TDW, were at the time concerned with bettering human kind but also treasure hunting. If anything, by the time of the first game TDW had become corrupted by power and greed and are almost pirate-like (or at the very least similar to paid mercenaries or bounty hunters).

Long story short: the famous explorer missions are especially important which is very much in line with how TDW are perceived as explorers and treasure seekers. Felicity Farseer was an explorer though she probably lied about never having met TDW. Also, Shinrarta Dezra is legit apparently given it has seemingly existed for centuries but may or may not contain the mythical station (work still ongoing on that front). I have seen short Orbis stations with just docking area and solar panels in and relatively nearby Kappa Fornacis but have yet to find their mythical station.

It is presently my working hypothesis that The Club is functionally synonymous with the Elite Pilots' Federation and The Dark Wheel as CMDRs have directed events within the Bubble for centuries and even pre-Pilot's Federation were instrumental in colonization of the Bubble especially post-2230 (era of rapid expansion). Most the generation ships were apparently successful which is why we only see the few failures despite 70,000 being sent.

Note: There are some very interesting reputation locked missions with a famous explorer to Sol's true north star and other locations out of Robigo. It should be noted Robigo is also the single closest inhabited system to Polaris.
Last edited: Oct 25, 2022