CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 24, 2022
#27,504
Han_Zen said:
I wouldn't worry to much about all these dates and years. Most of it adds up, just fine.

Thargoids have been traveling space for millions of years. Even if we didn't notice them. They were around and their artefacts could have been found at any time and anywhere.

Faraway is not important in the expansion of the human bubble. Governments and corporations had hypespace capable ships, far earlier. Achenar was colonised at about the same time as Art Tornqvists log entries. The Federation and Empire managed to conduct a ful scale war with bases mor than 100 ly apart, only a few years later.

Elite 1 begins in 3125. At that time, the first Thargoid war is ongoing. Michael Brookes described this Thargoid presence as jus a scouting party, but it was still enough drain the resources of Galcop. Thargoid presence in human space ended in the early 3150s, after the Mycoid bombing by INRA / John Jameson.

What happened in the FFE era (3250s) is totally unclear. There may have been some Thargoid contacts in the Pleiades, but this isn't well documented.

All in all the Thargoid story does not provide any definite answers, when it comes to Raxxla. Neither does the early history of space colonisation. All we know is that the name and myth existed before 2296. We actually don't know when Raxxla was first discovered / visited. We don't even know that it has been found at all.

Personally I think it's more likely that Raxxla is the creation of some sort of post Guardian entities, than a Thargoid thing. This is just a hunch though. I know noting.

P.S. Since this is the place for undocumented rumours and hearsay, I have one.
There may exists a VIP passenger mission with a passenger that claims to have a pretty solid lead on the location of Raxxla.
Click to expand...
In that case, I will stick to publicly disclosing when it can be more unambiguously linked to Raxxla. It is possible this is unrelated or just tinfoil. But, it also may have some validity to it. Need to spend time seeing how well various explanations stack up when compared to each other.