CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 25, 2022
#27,514
I do think upon further review that we need to assume the first game does include Thargoids. The design of the ships in the first game would match Thargoid Scouts which have a vaguely UFO-shape to them. Lave as a dictatorship would place events after Project Equinox is defunded per logs on GCS Saravasti since it would be sometime between 3174 - December 31st, 3199. This might also be important to how humans got our hyperdrive technology but it means the reverse-engineering happened much, much earlier than the first game. So, the Thargoid reverse-engineering story is likely valid but timelines are considerably older than imagined. So, possibly Faraway is linked to Raxxla but that means Raxxla is found on Earth even before the Martian Relic. This may mean Raxxla is storyline locked as I believe landable Earths, terraformed Earth-likes, and ammonia worlds will be amongst the last added into the game. I just hope they expand considerably upon this (but maybe that is why there are two species specific missions from the Engineers Palin and Ram Tah). I also suspect the various artificial structures, artificial power sources, etc are where Humanity rebuilt the Talmor Lens as the initial version was incorrectly built in Sol per Steven Eisler's "Alien World: A Complete Illustrated Guide" (really a pen name for Robert Holdstock). In which case, all those antenna that make weird noises in large stations (all types), outposts, surface ports (with the large antenna that look like solar panels), and the varying orbital and surface installations are all part of the rebuilt Talmor Lens and Faraway is still very much operational. See this link for more details: New Unified Talmor Theory of Raxxla v5.5 Holdstock-centric Revision . One final note, I still hope galaxies meant actual galaxies and not just sectors and there will be something involving giant reptiles from Andromeda (or that the very least a satellite galaxy to the Milky Way galaxy).
Last edited: Oct 25, 2022