CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Mar 31, 2022
#25,778
Darth Ender said:
The first alien artifact, discovered on mars, was discovered over a hundred years after hyperspace travel was invented. I would chalk this up to human ingenuity and not ancient aliens.


Is this not in the process of getting retconned as reverse engineered thargoid jump tech in the game? I'm pretty sure it is. That's the main disconnect between older jump tech and the new ED jump drives. We're using thargoid-ish tech reverse engineered from the 1st encounter by Alliance military tech, stolen by the club and given to Sirius. I thought that was the new canon now or has that been changed again?
I'll be honest. I still haven figured out exactly how we get wormhole/through-space technology so early but I still lean towards Li Qin Jao and their team reverse engineered alien technology. It appears most of the INRA research (that happens much later) re: Thargoids is how supercruise came about. I will say that "Alien Worlds: A Complete Illustrated Guide and "Tour of the Universe" strongly support ancient aliens being in Sol. Pluto and several other icy moons of gas giants were apparently treasure troves for humans of alien artifacts. In addition, there are illustrations of what we call Thargoids in the books. They were the Chikstha. So it is still possible the initial tech came from Thargoids (they had a major presence on Pluto especially) as both Thargoids and Guardians use wormholes. Both species in the books were in Sol very early (as were the Raxxlans). These are the books Holdstock did either by himself under the pen name Steven Eisler or with Malcolm Edwards.

P.S.: I really wish we could get access to Neptune's Triton and The Moon in Sol which are both locked via local permits. I am going to try and see if I can break the Lave 2 and Diso 5c local permits (Diso 5c is where a lot of research happened with Thargoids) per the the older lore. Yes, there were other sites and I have been to them but we really, really need access to those to clarify matters. The best I can say is I went with Guardians because the Codex uses the phrasing "through-space" to describe their interstellar transit technology. This isn't perfect, but it at least gets us to a point where we can largely explain the old lore vs lore in Elite Dangerous. Also, given how little we know of Faraway it would make sense that Raxxla is possibly connected to Faraway jump system. Remember, we had the era of rapid expansion happen between 2230 - 2300ish. This handily explain how Raxxla could have been found in the inky black void outside the Bubble. Also, Drew Wager's Hyperspace lore video is where I got a lot of the information but it also was in Elite Encounters RPG, Galnet, and bits and pieces in the gazettes from the prior games. Drew's hyperspace lore video is here:
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JyKdBTi7B1U

Note: Even Drew's hyperspace lore doesn't properly explain Li Qin Jao discovery of hyperspace in Sol. So, there is that point, too. What I am shooting for is something that can reasonably explain the past and act as predictor of the the future. It doesn't have to be perfect: just good enough that ideas can be reformulated as I piece together more of the complex lore.
Attachments
Frame_Shift_-_Type_3.png
659.5 KB · Views: 57
Tritium_-_Type_2c.png
751.6 KB · Views: 70
Hydrogen_-_Type_2b.png
856.1 KB · Views: 74
Quirium_-_Type_1.png
1.4 MB · Views: 65
Faraway_-_Type_0.png
1.5 MB · Views: 68
Last edited: Mar 31, 2022