CMDR_Ryunosuke
C
Mar 24, 2022
#25,764
I've been thinking about this. And ... I have a theory.

To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!
A place that isn't a place, a door that is also the key
Now I was like a lot of other people and started thinking and searching in game for a place, a system or a planet. But then I thought, "What if the Jewel that burns on the brow of the Mother of Galaxies isn't a place, but an actual jewel?" So I went researching on actual gemstones in space and...well I came across a phenomenon known as a stellar diamond. So I came across 3 known stellar diamonds. 55 Cancri e, an actual diamond planet, but... it can't be landed on, and there isn't anything I noticed of interest outside of a station orbiting it. It looks just like any other planet. PSR J2222–0137, the coolest white dwarf ever observed thus far, and is theorized to be about the size of Earth, and is also completely crystalized carbon... a diamond. but... at 850-900 ly from Earth, it is well outside the bubble and as far as I could determine, isn't in the game (but it also is not discounted as a possible candidate of the theory.) The final one that, and one I think is the most probable, is BPM 37093 at 55 ly from Earth.


So what is a galaxy? The short answer, a group of stars. so now the throught is "The jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of a group of stars." So the thing is, it refers to "galaxies" ie. multiple groups of stars. The whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void; could be a deceased singer. Enter one John Lennon, of both the Beatle fame, and married and done songs with Yoko Ono, a couple of groups of stars, if you will. When Lennon died, there was parent's grief, Yoko Ono was in woe, and was the object of the yearning in the vagabond's heart.

Now being a white dwarf, BPM 37093, also known as v886 Centari, is a door that is also the key, especially to early space travelers (incidently, could also be the door, and key, to other 'galaxies' as the regions in the first Elite was known (later to be learned that they are just different areas within the Milky Way.) v886 also has a nickname, Lucy, from the Beatles song "Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds", co-written by one John Lennon, a place that isn't a place.

This is all just a theory, and I have no way of confirming this without outside acknowledgement, and I am in no way discouraging exploration of the game either.
Reactions:
roryclague, simulacrae, Djidjel and 3 others