Rochester
Mar 19, 2022
#25,761
CMDR Davanix said:
Another Theory on how to find Raxxla and why it may have been lost (If ever found) Perhaps you have to miss jump, I know Fdev haven't added in the missjumps into the game fully however never stated that there wasnt a way to do it, Jaques miss jumped so we know its still possible in a lore sense mixed with Thargoids practically forcing a missjump during Hyperdiction dropping you lys away between systems (however still in the system you jumped from)

Also could the upgrades to FSD's making missjumps impossible/not known be the reason for Raxxla navigation to be apparently lost

Maybe there is some very selective circumstances where you can infact missjump, this would mean every single player could find it at some point but also in completely different places I remember some people where getting the FSD warning midjump also sometimes (ps iv been travelling all over with a 20% fsd just for this very theory for the past 3 weeks lol)

also during an interview before Gamma we had the below, Has anyone ever found a Dark system that wasn't shown in Galaxy map?

Q by teamkill:

A: Stellar systems that have not been explored will simply show the star or star(s) that can be seen there from a distance, and have a systematic name. Someone will have to explore them AND RETURN for them to become more generally known. They will also be able to stake a claim and name such a system.

Some 'dark' systems will not be shown at all, until someone actively scans that area of space, and makes that information available - and without that information (which will be tradable) it will not be possible to travel through hyperspace to it.
Click to expand...
RE Dark Systems & miss-jumps, those link back to an original kickstarter/design discussion where FD proposed the mechanism for a Cmdr to send probes to a sector of space (before travel), this involved some form of heat mapping.

Following the successful deployment of the probe/scanning the hyperspace waypoint was established and you could explore that area.

The more you explored an area the more dark systems became available for exploration, which hypothetically don’t initially appear within the galaxy map.

Post in thread 'Dark Systems'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/dark-systems.210928/post-3245071

ED Newsletter #3

Here’s an old 2014 QA by David Braben where it crops up:
https://www.elitedangerous.de/dokumente/Elite-Dangerous-David-Braben-Answers-Questions.pdf

Q:“Talking of exploration, do you envisage finding a new system and instantly knowing what planets/moons etc are there or will it remain ‘dark’ until someone finds them. Also will the discoverer be known throughout the universe. (news feed possibly)?”

A: Stellar systems that have not been explored will simply show the star or star(s) that can be seen there from a distance, and have a systematic name. Someone will have to explore them AND RETURN for them to become more generally known. They will also be able to stake a claim and name such a system.

Some ‘dark’ systems will not be shown at all, until someone actively scans that area of space, and makes that information available – and without that information (which will be tradable) it will not be possible to travel through hyperspace to it. DB June 5 2014.

This early concept compilation may explain it better; whereby dark systems were to be used as navigational aids:

https://www.elitedangerous.de/dokumente/ED-The-Beginning-2014.pdf

I don’t recall anything more on the subject ever being explained, but it obviously never got beyond that point, with FD obviously opting for the more simplistic method.

It’s obvious some errors were made along the way, with catalogues getting duplicated and certain procedural locations being very ‘blocky’. I would imagine if there were dark systems currently in game since launch they would be widespread, and FD would have acknowledged their existence (it’s been several years).

Then again in @drew Premonition it states: “ER 8 system played host to a dull brown dwarf; they used to call them dark systems”.

So it’s likely to assume FD dropped everything planned around exploration and just opted for a simple version, with brown dwarfs etc (dark systems) being detectable like normal stars.

A real shame as it was imaginative concepts like this that got me to back the game in the first place.
Last edited: Apr 2, 2022
Reactions:
simulacrae, CMDR Davanix and Adel