Darth Ender
D
Mar 31, 2022
#25,777
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
I think I owe y'all an update. Besides, which it would be just plain cruel to do it on the actual anniversary (April Fool's Day) of when I started this crazy adventure in earnest. What has been learned?

For one, literally nothing of the history especially regards interstellar travel is the way it seems. Quirium exists to this day and has been with us since the very first game as have the fuel scoops to get it in the naturally occurring form: Hydrogen. This is covered extensively in the game manuals of all the prior games and "The Dark Wheel" novella, and GalNet reports on the Antares and Starship One incidents. Additionally, though-space and wormholes are used in the prior manuals and GalNet even describes Witchspace as a tunnel. So, whatever however humans came upon in order to get hyperspace, I am fairly certain we somehow got Guardian tech from crash or something in Sol itself. This may ultimately mean that Faraway was based on whatever we found when Raxxla was located.
Click to expand...

The first alien artifact, discovered on mars, was discovered over a hundred years after hyperspace travel was invented. I would chalk this up to human ingenuity and not ancient aliens.

CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Next up stations, we have Coriolis, Orbis, Ocellus, and outposts. Take a guess which was the first design used by humans? That would be Coriolis (go read the Brewer Corporation Codex) followed by Orbis during the GalCop era. Guess what that means? TDW's long rumored toroidal station that has yet to be found probably isn't of human construction. The rumor for Raxxla is mentioned alongside map to a pirate cache is solidly known to exist by 2296 (this however doesn't mean it wasn't found before that point). One other thing, the giant damn antenna in the rear of stations and raising above everything on outposts is a key part of Faraway. It is what allowed ships to previously warp directly to stations. This was switched to largest mass body in a system with the advent of supercruise to allow access to uninhabited sytems (this is covered on page 59 of the Elite Encounters RPG):

"From Elite Encounters RPG: Hyperspace travel involves using the galactic map to identify a system within range of the drive and select it as a destination. Once the hyperspace jump has been completed, the navigation computer performs a basic scan of the system to locate stellar bodies and display them to the pilot. Older systems simply located the nearest world and searched for the emissions from a space station, but from around the 3170s more advanced scanners can show all stellar bodies. In the 3300s, with the introduction of discovery scanners, detailed information about each body in a system can be displayed after a ten second scan. If a system contains a nav beacon, this can be scanned to reveal even more information about that system.

...

In the late 3290s hyperspace technology was revolutionised with a much more efficient and advanced hyperdrive system, finally perfected by the Sirius Corporation. In addition to making transit times measurable in minutes rather than days or weeks, the new drives made easy interstellar exploration a realistic career for enterprising ship owners."
Click to expand...
Is this not in the process of getting retconned as reverse engineered thargoid jump tech in the game? I'm pretty sure it is. That's the main disconnect between older jump tech and the new ED jump drives. We're using thargoid-ish tech reverse engineered from the 1st encounter by Alliance military tech, stolen by the club and given to Sirius. I thought that was the new canon now or has that been changed again?


CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
So have some leads on whereabouts we find whatever Raxxla is and it is deep in the heart of Guardian territory in the Inner Orion Spur (this would be the Megellan Gate from "Tour of the Universe") which is discovered in the 3280s and activated by 3293. There is planet known originally as VandeZande's World or Kamelios. Well guess what, we have a pair of megaships that will take you straight to that region run by Zende Partners (see "Zende Partners Transport Service Operational" from 09 May 3305 run from a system named Zende - https://community.elitedangerous.com/galnet/uid/5cd43b528631ca73c101a61f ). Oh and the "Early Colonies" beacon in Delta Pavonis has some pretty direct refences back to "Tour of the Universe" especially the dinosaur-like creature bit. Additionally, GalNet is literally littered with reference to Andromeda and reptile species from that galaxy. I think I have a lead based on another minor faction on the location of Tombworld and thus the Cirax Gate which is one hop away: Tombstone Mining Company in Han Nu. The Trax Gate is probably much further removed from the Bubble but still half-way to Colonia (but I still have to confirm details on that one).

One last thing: Peter Jameson didn't die in Riedquat.. there is no crash there but there is a historically important one in Orrere (just 7 LY away) that was uncovered via a herald article with a message to Ben (presumably Ben Ryder) - see .
Click to expand...
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and LumpTheNoLeggedDog