sam23694
S
May 29, 2019
#8,336
Tacticus2711 said:
I’m pretty good at puzzle solving due to my ridiculously high IQ and have only started thinking about Raxxla this morning.

Not to be overly blunt (although I guess you've already set that tone with the statement above) but can you use that high IQ and share some of the data you seem to have collected in only two days? I've been lurking on this thread for a while now, keeping up to date with Raxxla and doing my own exploring occasionally when time permits. I just have to say that you have made a very large number of claims and suggestions over the past few pages, apparently you have seen the stars align on systems all over the galaxy and you have a multitude of maps and data. You've even told someone that most of what they suggest has been disproven, then went on to claim the Formidine Rift mystery has relevance now and the Thargoid Device Spectrogram is more then it's been demonstrated to be. I don't wish to come across as rude, but can you share that data? You keep claiming to discover things that aren't a coincidence without actually sharing why that is.

Tacticus2711 said:
Interesting development on the Thargoid star map theory.
-The star map is indeed of the andromeda galaxy, the shape and speed are the same to the andromeda which leads me to believe that it is ( I’m like 99% sure) this pretty much confirms my theory of Thargoids coming from a different galaxy as why the HELL would they have a different one in a secret (ish) location and make it hard to access. Raxxla is said to have a gateway to other galaxies. Well Thargoids may have used this we just can’t tell at this time.
-The restricted areas I’ve mentioned seem to create a pattern that is IDENTICAL to the Raxxla flag. Also at each one of the irregular pentagons in the centre there is some sort of nebulae
View attachment 132995
View attachment 132996
Now after drawing lines across I have identified a few new areas which arn’t Permit locked and the he shape looks something that someone should weave, kinda like the tales of the star Weaver you guys where on about earlier?
Click to expand...


I'd love to take a look at the 33 areas that line up with the Thargoid star map, and the 18 permit locked areas. I'd love to know why you are convinced the Star map is 100% Andromeda.
Reactions:
Midian Cabal, rOmiLaYu and Count dEstard