Jaiotu
Apr 13, 2018
#2,220
Louis Calvert said:
1. I don't think the Elite spacers of the galaxy would retire to a planet - at all. (sure, some might, or use it a holiday home, but I can't see millions of Elites just saying "yeah, I'm bored of space totally now, time to spend the rest of my life dirtside" I don't think that, as a general idea, makes sense at all.

2. If they did, I don't think they'd pick a planet where you spent a month in darkness and a month in daylight if you don't move every single "day". They could pick any planet, even one wayyy outisde the bubble - they're the Elites, who is going to stop them?

3. I don't buy the "distributed population" idea since humans are social animals. Sure, some would definitely want remote log cabins and like spending time, even years, in near-isolation, but humans form communities and clumps, it's just who we are. I don't think there would be no large settlements at all.

They picked Founder's World for a . I can't see any reason so many veteran spacers would choose to live on a planet in large numbers.

85million is not small on a planetary scale, it's basically the entirety of Germany:



I think if there was any sort of city, even a small one, you'd be able to see it. It's entirely possible that the entire population lives in totally isolated houses, or they don't "light pollute" much, maybe there's some sort of conservation efforts, etc. But since people here are talking about ancient Egypt and drawing lines from Pyramids and scouring star systems for long-duration planetary bodies that don't appear in starmaps or suggesting that Raxxla is in witchspace or that it's a rogue planet somewhere, I don't think suggesting there's no night-side lights on Founders Worlds because the population go through the Raxxla gate is far fetched, on the scale of things

As I've said previously ... what we need to do is find another system that has a population similar to that of Shinrarta Dehzra and see if the Earth-like world in that system has night time lights.

While 85 million might seem like a large enough population to put off some visible light pollution that still doesn't answer the question of just how many of that 85 million are actually residents down on the surface. What is the typical operating population of a Coriolis station? And how much of that population is spread out at the other non-Founders World settlements located in the system? That 85 million includes Jameson Memorial, Gallun's Inheritance, Jameson Base, Neumann Camp, and Puleston Arsenal. If we can find some systems where the only human population is located in a Coriolis then we can get a good idea just how many people are potentially living in Jameson Memorial.

Instinct suggests that the majority of the 85 million inhabitants would be down on the surface of The Founders World but instinct in this case could be very wrong. If the surface population is limited to Elites who would actually live long enough to want to retire planetside then actual planetary population might be very small indeed. The majority of the 85 million might not be down on the surface of the Earth-like world at all.

All I'm suggesting is that there are a few items that we need to do some research into before we start pointing to the missing city lights as a breakthrough in the search for Raxxla. I'm just as intrigued by their absence as anyone and one of the best parts of this theory is that there are a few things we can do to try and prove/disprove it.
Reactions:
Thatchinho and Louis Calvert