Louis Calvert
Apr 13, 2018
#2,219
Jaiotu said:
Back to Raxxla though; I'm still not convinced that the missing city lights on The Founders World is a big deal. The population of the entire system is pretty small; just 85 million (and that includes those living at Jameson Memorial and the other facilities in the system).

There are quite a few possible explanations for the missing lights:

1. The entire population on The Founders World may be located at a single settlement. Since the length of a day is 42 earth days you may simply be viewing the planet when that settlement is not on the dark side.
2. The planetary population might be nomadic in order to avoid spending 21 days in total darkness.
3. The surface population might be so widely dispersed that no single settlement produces enough light to be visible from orbit.

1. I don't think the Elite spacers of the galaxy would retire to a planet - at all. (sure, some might, or use it a holiday home, but I can't see millions of Elites just saying "yeah, I'm bored of space totally now, time to spend the rest of my life dirtside" I don't think that, as a general idea, makes sense at all.

2. If they did, I don't think they'd pick a planet where you spent a month in darkness and a month in daylight if you don't move every single "day". They could pick any planet, even one wayyy outisde the bubble - they're the Elites, who is going to stop them?

3. I don't buy the "distributed population" idea since humans are social animals. Sure, some would definitely want remote log cabins and like spending time, even years, in near-isolation, but humans form communities and clumps, it's just who we are. I don't think there would be no large settlements at all.

They picked Founder's World for a reason. I can't see any reason so many veteran spacers would choose to live on a planet in large numbers.

85million is not so small on a planetary scale, it's basically the entirety of Germany:



I think if there was any sort of city, even a small one, you'd be able to see it. It's entirely possible that the entire population lives in totally isolated houses, or they don't "light pollute" much, maybe there's some sort of conservation efforts, etc. But since people here are talking about ancient Egypt and drawing lines from Pyramids and scouring star systems for long-duration planetary bodies that don't appear in starmaps or suggesting that Raxxla is in witchspace or that it's a rogue planet somewhere, I don't think suggesting there's no night-side lights on Founders Worlds because the population go through the Raxxla gate is that far fetched, on the scale of things
Reactions:
Jaiotu