GURU-951
Mar 26, 2020
#15,797
bluecrash said:
Yeah.

Maybe apologizing personally to the people he lied to would of been a better first step. At one point he called the people who disagreed with his false claims the bullies.

This game gets real Lord of The Flies in groups over ten people.

Tell a lie long enough and people will believe you. Better a raxxla hoax than another 10th insight, morman, dianetic book. But maybe that's his next project.

Blaze your own trail.
Click to expand...

First off, my guilt is real. And the struggle to deal with it is real, as is the apology. Sincerely. 2nd, I never ask people to subscribe to my channel, ever. My desire has never been to achieve a high subscriber count or an exceptionally large view count on youtube. 3rd, people like watching videos, and I don't like writing all that much, and prefer the medium of video, so this method is most suitable for me. 4th, considering our previous talks BlueCrash, I only expect the worst of opinions from you, and at this point, Specifically to you Blue, it comes at no surprise and your opinions, specifically yours, are of no concern to me. How the heck am I to go down a list of people I don't have?
Do you think the entire raxxla hunter community has said I wasted their time? The reality is there has only been one person to say that exact thing to me, and it is you,
and only you. I've personally and privately apologized to many people, you included Blue. You're the only person I've ever met in this quest who can not let a grudge go,
or allow forgiveness. You lack heart. You seem cold. From this distance you seem like a bitter wretch out to destroy people at whatever means necessary, as you appear to be a dark hearted person, or it seems so from this distance. Learn to accept an apology when it comes your way. It was sincere for you at one point. And to be specific I never called anyone a bully, besides you, Blue. Because you've proven to be one, relentlessly. Over the internet at that. How does it make you feel? You're a sad individual and fortunately for me your opinions and efforts have no impact on me, now. It wasn't always that way, sadly.
It almost makes me nervous saying these things as I generally like to try to improve a persons day, not ruin it.
Your words and actions will no longer be commented on from me.

I did not come here for dramatics. I came here to wholeheartedly apologize to the community I not only respect and admire, but also in an attempt to clear my name.
There have been a Large amount of CMDR's who have stuck by my side and supported me this whole time. To them, I cannot salute strong enough. o7
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420