Rochester
Aug 27, 2022
#26,888
*edited

“Eyes to see” has been postulated as a potential link to Fortuna, but the existence of ‘Trinkets of hidden fortune’ could be a contradiction.

Historically FD confirmed the DW missions were ‘removed’ and recently they identified via a Support ticket that trinkets were linked to the ‘story’ and like those missions are no longer an active asset.




Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9584643

It’s a contradiction because Fortuna is a good match to the Codex… but they also represent a vestigial asset from a now defunct mission tree (as previously confirmed by FD as ‘removed’)?

Fortuna obviously is linked directly to the old DW missions via the Trinkets; Fortuna is linked to the phrase ‘eyes to see’ in relation to: The Metamorphoses of Apuleius (later source inspiration for A Midsummers night dream); generally Fortuna is described historically as blind or blindfolded; her wheel ‘Rota Fortunae’ is tied to the ‘silent song’ itself referred to in the old DW missions, it relating to the zodiac, and her wheel can have six spokes…

Seems so obvious?

Except her wheel usually has either four points (stages of man) or 12 (the zodiac)…it’s depiction with six spokes or points is not as canonical nor has no meaning other than illustrative.

Why would the Codex refer to an asset (Trinkets) which relate to a defunct game mechanism?

I had not investigated Fortuna previously simply because of the FD DW admission; that was the whole point, the missions aren’t active, so there was no point in chasing assets known to be inactive, so I looked toward other references.

Upon reflection, if correct it could be an indication of narrative foreshadowing of potential future content yet to be injected or a vestigial narrative since long discarded, but Fortuna is still a viable candidate for eyes to see, if the trinkets represent a defunct or sleeping narrative it does not rule out Fortuna as a clue, we just need more information for a positive correlation.

Currently on a long vacation from playing ED due to PC being in dry dock, but this thread is as intriguing if not more imaginative than reading FD current narrative. It’s at least peaked my interest in playing ED again.


(Image: Fortuna upon the outer rim, Fortuna hidden by MidJourney) AI bot)).
Last edited: Aug 30, 2022
Reactions:
Han_Zen and simulacrae