Emperor
Aug 27, 2022
#26,892
cmdr milesred said:
I hate putting something here without proof, but I seem to recall the whole reason trinkets are of value is that it is believed to have a trinket with AI inside.
And AI is not allowed in our universe.

I had nothing from when I first got trinkets, but I did spend most of yesterday in a few different ships with them.
they seem to sing like an electronic device, lighter percussion than a xylophone but more of a wind instrument sound, then it clicks and seems to send out a low freq hum that slowly gains amplitude and stops. and repeat.
every now and again it makes a few extra clicks and usually a kind of a beep. as though something got its interest.
and it seems like it amplifies the sound from bodies making it easier to hear. In this there is what seems like traffic noise far far away slightly amplified

could be a lot of things, but I say the previous video has the sounds just as I hear them.

most of my time in the game I have the audio on 4 or less, in my home this is background very low barely discernable. enough to hear alarms or explosions, my weapons and thrusters, low though.
Years of listening to the hyperspace sounds or rather the sound of a conda rattling through space and the repetitive sounds of docking and starports makes me just not want to hear it. usually listening to music or a tv show or total SILENCE.
I only turn volume up during important battles or if I am expecting some useful audio.

then we get(still) the leftover audio effects from engineering. sometimes its just toooooooo much.(THIS needs fixing again, and again, till it is GONE) can't use audio for clues when we get this!
And the game will not let me turn off station noise. I do NOT want to hear those people yapping, I should NOT be able to, fire up the engines drown them out, nope.
Much great audio and some really bad siren, baby cry, phone ring affect in some. and barely any control over it all.
SRV, I have over .10 LS in them. I am sure I hear the SRV everywhere I go.

BUT, I can say the trinkets do make some sounds I normally never hear.
I will see if there is anything to the effect of it 'prevents interdictions'.
Click to expand...
Recorded the video audio with audacity and checked it out for any hidden patterns/messages... Which nothing jumped out at me....

The description you gave sounds fairly accurate to what I heard in the audio... It does look like a repeating audio pattern...