ClaraRulesSpace
Aug 27, 2022
#26,895
Rochester said:
If the reference regards “Eyes to see” is a direct link to Fortuna, what could this identify?

FD when questioned directly about permits and the DW invite in the codex, the manual invite, and the older DW missions, FD originally stated - working as intended; however when provided additional context they then stated - those missions were removed from game!

So if the original old DW missions no longer exist but remnants of the missions such as Sap 8s and Trinkets are still in game what does that mean?

Is this simply an oversight! were they just left in, with no relevance? Or is the mission chain still in game, but albeit simplified somehow?

Sorry to have to do so, but it is a contradiction, so again I checked with FD Support who confirmed Trinkets are illegal everywhere and are linked to the DW faction but nothing more to expand on that.



Fortuna is a potential link to ‘eyes to see’ in relation to The Metamorphoses of (later source inspiration for A Midsummers night dream) and generally Fortune is considered blind, and that’s supported historically in multiple sources; her wheel is tied to the silent song, as one of the outer most spheres (the zodiac) and her wheel can have six spokes, seems obvious?

Does the Raxxla logo simply mean: Fortuna system (represented by outer wheel) and hidden Fortuna (represented by inner wheel) e.g. you need a trinket in your hold)) whilst in Fortuna! or someplace else, to Delphi (the axis location of the omphalos)?

The Codex alludes: “

I had not interpreted Fortuna previously simply because of the FD DW admission; that was the whole point, if the missions weren’t active, the links might not exist either so there was no point in chasing them, so I looked toward other references.

However upon reflection Fortuna is a good match, and according to FD the Trinkets are still linked somehow to thec DW, but how certain can we be the Trinkets or the DW (who likely are bogus) are still relevant, just because the older missions were removed does not rule out the narrative or mechanism isn’t?

Or maybe they are something else, these relics seem to be pretty popular with pirates:

Currently on a long vacation from playing ED due to PC being in dry dock, but this thread is as intriguing if not more imaginative than reading FD current narrative. I might boot up ED on the PS4 and play around with trinket’s for a while, nothing else going on at present, it’s at least peaked my interest in playing ED again.

Click to expand...
What is that?