GURU-951
Sep 12, 2019
#12,213
DrewCarnegie said:
The Floyd thing was easy to tie in because of the themes which they wrote about - once you start with the Dark Side of the Moon album cover and Salome coming from Prism system everything else is just 'join the dots'.

Mythology follows the same pattern in that it's intrinsically about mysteries and the human experience - and Raxxla is specifically designed to fit into that architecture.

But therein lies the problem - we see these two things, Greek (for example) mythology and Raxxla, and they have the same shape. Evolution of animals of all types has shaped an automatic response of "If it's the same shape, it's the same thing" so we can't help but assume a correlation. Humans are particularly adept at pattern matching and it's only recently that we've been able to develop software algorithms that come close to our skill. But without direction we can see patterns EVERYWHERE. There's a whole separate tangent I could go off on here about what happens when the pattern-matching functions of the brain are interrupted by injury - frankly, it's fascinating.

Anyway...

As far as clues go, I don't feel that we can take "a little bit obvious" to mean clues without ignoring "there will be no clues", and since they were said at the same time, that would be weird.

I take it to mean that we'll be told when we're on the right track, rather than be given information about where the track is. This is supported by the Codex entry for Raxxla which says "These theories are all rubbish" and for TDW which says "Don't bother looking".

Consequently I picked a long-term, reasonably obscure goal to work towards, and I just hope that it happens to be the same one DB and MB picked.

Good luck with the clues though
Click to expand...

That was beautifully put. It's funny, because you feel there are no clues based on what was said, and I believe the opposite based on what's said, yet we both understand the human experience element to it and (I hope) the importance of that in this journey. The intricacies of the brains somewhat flaw with its need for pattern recognition really is compelling and complicated. It's a thought and worry I struggled with for a long time personally. At some point though, things just make sense, like the way Philip K ties quite nicely into our storyline. And the Pink Floyd connections which tie very well into the Architecture of Raxxla you speak of, we can be certain that this was intentional and the clues exist to support it. Mythology and Floyd are designed to lead you into yourself, and this is not me saying that Raxxla is inside you, though the quest for it can lead you there, and at this point from what I've heard from people along the way, I'm not alone in feeling this. But Floyd and the mythology are designed to get you to ask yourself the big questions people should be asking themselves while they can. Meanwhile, most of us are just wasting away in our rooms while the ivy grows over the door.

Great eye with the Prism connection. Lets not forget that Hope, such as in the Gateway system, is also a diamond.

Hope wiki- "The Hope Diamond is one of the most famous jewels in the world, with ownership records dating back almost four centuries. Its much-admired rare blue color is due to trace amounts of boron atoms. Weighing 45.52 carats, its exceptional size has revealed new findings about the formation of gemstones. "

Side track, Or that old British tv show,(Click here for the youtube) the Strange World of Gurney Slade, which also happens to be a system in game, we find this-

"The series follows the character of Gurney Slade, played by Newley, through a series of mundane environments (sound familiar?) with fantastical elements. Slade is the only continuing character, and is often heard in voice-over expressing his thoughts. Though we learn much about the character's inner life, we learn very little of Gurney Slade's history or background. He appears to be a character in a typical family-oriented TV show who abruptly tires of the artificial environment he's apparently trapped in; the first episode opens with Slade breaking the fourth wall of a television sitcom and leaving the set, to the protestations of its director.

Slade spends the rest of the series simply wandering from one (generally sparse) environment to another, ruminating on life in an often free-associative way. During his wanderings, he sometimes encounters a range of odd people (and at least one talking dog), all of which may be entirely creations of his own imagination. At one point, Slade is put on trial for being a TV character who isn't funny; other episodes consistently introduce meta-fictional elements into the proceedings. The series concludes with a final episode in which Slade, in a TV studio, appears to be little more than a machine-like performer whose every move is controlled by outside forces."

That though Slade was nutty, he was a Crazy Diamond. But he would likely be deemed a good man.

Glad to see a fellow constellationeer (made that word up) on board. I've got somewhere near 30 under my belt at this point. Argo Navis my personal favorite.

You chose the "reasonably obscure goal to work towards" package and at this point I'm not sure what package I opted in for.
I thought it was the "Quest for Atlantis and a unique life experience" package. Now I'm unsure.

Will someone please turn the machine off? Tech support?! Tech support!!! I just wanna wake up!
For the memory of a lifetime...World Craft World Craft World Craft...Call now.

Reactions:
[Diplomacy] Carnegie and Six6VI