Six6VI
Sep 12, 2019
#12,214
DrewCarnegie said:
The Floyd thing was easy to tie in because of the themes which they wrote about - once you start with the Dark Side of the Moon album cover and Salome coming from Prism system everything else is just 'join the dots'.

Mythology follows the same pattern in that it's intrinsically about mysteries and the human experience - and Raxxla is specifically designed to fit into that architecture.

But therein lies the problem - we see these two things, Greek (for example) mythology and Raxxla, and they have the same shape. Evolution of animals of all types has shaped an automatic response of "If it's the same shape, it's the same thing" so we can't help but assume a correlation. Humans are particularly adept at pattern matching and it's only recently that we've been able to develop software algorithms that come close to our skill. But without direction we can see patterns EVERYWHERE. There's a whole separate tangent I could go off on here about what happens when the pattern-matching functions of the brain are interrupted by injury - frankly, it's fascinating.

Anyway...

As far as clues go, I don't feel that we can take "a little bit obvious" to mean clues without ignoring "there will be no clues", and since they were said at the same time, that would be weird.

I take it to mean that we'll be told when we're on the right track, rather than be given information about where the track is. This is supported by the Codex entry for Raxxla which says "These theories are all rubbish" and for TDW which says "Don't bother looking".

Consequently I picked a long-term, reasonably obscure goal to work towards, and I just hope that it happens to be the same one DB and MB picked.

Good luck with the clues though
Click to expand...
Interesting point of contention here, our Moon does NOT have a "dark side", at all!

Due to tidal locking the Moon does have a side we cannot see from our limited point of perspective here on Earth but, as the Moon rotates around the Earth, any given point on the Lunar equator is in full Sun-light for a period of roughly fourteen days followed by darkness for a further fortnight.

At full Moon the side facing us is fully lit by the Sun, at new Moon the opposite side is fully lit.
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Jorki Rasalas and PeteACarter