Noobilite
Nov 14, 2019
#13,312
Vetinari said:
That's fairly simple:

1. We don't know really, what it is or where it is. Raxxla is 'in the Milky Way' is the most direct clue so far really.
2. We don't know really. Its a real faction, whether it is connected to the 'real' DW is debateable and not known. Farseer in DW Codex entry says the DW is real but shes never met them and that they wouldn't show themselves in public but also that any phony trading on the name would be quickly and quietly shut down, which the DW in Shinrata hasn't yet....so make your own conclusion. Theres a contradiction there whichever one is right, unless Farseer is wrong or lying.
That is the fun part of that idea. SD is hidden behind a wall of Elite status. To most of the galaxy it is hidden away. From our game perspective it's not. That does not mean it's not hidden. We have a slight inside view as players in the games world logic. It may be that straight forward. It's not contradictory at all. People just assume they are the same as the rest of the galaxy. The only difference is that the base of DW is a base and not a station. It's at an 8th planet just like we are looking for. I think maybe the game is just that straight forward. We're post Elite by hundreds of years or more. Maybe they intended to do story with them and never got around to it. Maybe explaining it and the origins of Elite 1984's story more. They seem like they only do things in a very lazy an straight forward way. The puzzle are possibly the exception but they are still in a simple setting. I don't think it's much more too it. Someone probably simply new how to do that and used what they new and there is nothing more profound to any of it. It sounds like the nature of the people who made the games.

They only got out of SD recently in the games lore because of player actions in ED. They were hidden. Which means they were in the same place as the headquarters for the Pilots Federation. I think that is the more interesting part. How does that fit into changes since the old games. Like Galcop and stuff being removed and changes in power?! Maybe we need to explore the upfront story potential if it is DW more to make sense of this. If not it will help understand anything else.

The question then is why was the PFed hiding the DW station. I don't think I've seen anyone seriously go over the ramifications of that yet. It's the truly unexplored part of the raxxla/DW hunt so far. And it's the part right in front of our faces.

Was the PFed started when someone found the station. Are we in a post DW found situation?! Is PFed founded by DW?! They seem conneted. I think we are on the inside and not looking at this from the right perspetive. I think it's been spelled out for us somehwhat and we are simply not taking the clues. We are overcomplicating it. Is DW some bad orgainzation or a demonized confused good one?! What is the club? If DW is not the villian who is? Is there more than one villian. I don't ever see anyone going over the straight forward answers. What is the game presenting to us. If SD and DW are real isn't that the more profound information as to what this game is about? That is by definition far more shocking than if that DW is fake. That means we've found it and are working for it potentially. And it's prfounding connected or near things running our daily lives... Think that out.

The highlight of this game seems to be the new FSD drives. I think we are simply in the story as it plays out. I don't think there is any trickery here. We are just Elite pilots with the potential to be in places others in the past games could not. It's just so casual it's confusing people. Or is TDW a player faction?

The blatantly obvious part is the fact that PFed and TDW are in the same station. What does that imply if it's real? When did what start and what does that have to mean if true?

The Club
The Club is a cabal of highly influential figures who have been manipulating the course of human development for centuries. They claim to be acting in humanity's best interests, shepherding the species through crises to ensure that as many survive as possible, but countless people have died as...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com
Kahina Tijani Loren
We Imperials often do get accused of being arrogant and overbearing, but at least we're good at it. — Kahina Tijani Loren Kahina Tijani Loren, also known as CMDR Salomé, was a controversial Imperial noble who briefly served as senator of the Prism system before seemingly abandoning her duties to...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com

Are we sure it's not just all straight forward? it defies real world logic and realities, but as a story in a game?!

Kahina Tijani Loren
We Imperials often do get accused of being arrogant and overbearing, but at least we're good at it. — Kahina Tijani Loren Kahina Tijani Loren, also known as CMDR Salomé, was a controversial Imperial noble who briefly served as senator of the Prism system before seemingly abandoning her duties to...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com

I'm assuming this looking like princess laia, a deathstar like object, and a planet, probably her home or aldeeran like reference is not a coincidence. The photo was added by drew wagar himself to the wiki.

I'm assuming this story line is going the route of the original star wars with a rebellion and an overthrow of something. The story of the empire is literally like star wars. A good government turned evil.

What is funny, is if I change my hair and used my new look in a white suit. I look just like Salome.... Maybe the Rick James club? But reborn with Salome look a likes?!
Last edited: Nov 15, 2019
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum and Vetinari