Han_Zen
Aug 30, 2017
#583
Thatchinho said:
I must respectfully disagree!

We're told it's a long distance away, although admittedly whether or not that's still lore is up for debate.

Jump drive tech hasn't been steadily improving, it had effectively taken a massive step backwards for a considerable time prior to the FSD.

The real Dark Wheel have been searching for Raxxla and haven't found it, with the possible exception of when Jason Ryder found it not long prior to 3125 . (Unless something's changed in the last few years!)

It was a mythical place even in Jason and Alex Ryder's days.

It's worth bearing in mind that hyperspace was discovered in 2100 so that's roughly 1,000 years of hyperspace travel being possible to be accounted for even by that point when considering how far away it could be.

Also, there were some very salient points about hyperspace travel from MB in that interview, in particular that it was already happening a lot by probes and individuals before it was first used with large numbers of people for colonisation purposes.

So, we may well not actually be the first wave of people to explore the rest of the galaxy. We're probably the second (or later) wave. The difference we have is that our current tech has meant we've been able to do it over the space of a few years. The previous wave may not have been able to do it as quickly but they had many hundreds of years over which to do it.

In conclusion, Raxxla being a long distance away is entirely possible. In addition, IMHO, the possible lore about it being at a great distance, combined with it not having been found by the Dark Wheel or other groups, makes distance highly probable.

It could well be far out. As Elyssia says in The Dark Wheel: 'Raxxla—if it exists—is in another Galaxy'.

The 'other galaxies' in Elite have been hinted by FD to be far away regions inside the Milky Way. These regions were connected by 'something' that made it possible to jump between them, using the galactic hyper drive. This 'something' collapsed and the galactic hyper drive became obsolete.