Rochester
Nov 10, 2022
#27,793
Louis Calvert said:
What's weird, I think, is the spelling. From my googling (which I'm sure everyone did):



Since it's spelled "Astrophel" in the Codex, that maybe does actually suggest a link to Sydney's work?!
The word is both Astrophil and Astrophel, they are one and the same, the difference is due to an historical mistyping of earlier printing processes when the sonnets were first published.

Technically there is no difference they are one and the same. Early printing processes did not utilise the same standards of modern publication, printers were usually singular persons, hand arranging letters, in some instances utilising illiterate staff, I believe this misspelling is commonly understood to be attributed to one particular edition, if memory serves.

Personally I believe our extrapolation of its meaning is generally fruitless unless it can be correlated with a secondary clue.

It is either just poetic license, a little flourish, or a literary reference which somehow marries with all the other text.

My recollections of the sonnets is they were more generally associated with ‘slap n tickle’ rather than astrology, what was were generally attributed to local occurrences eg the transition of Mercury, or it can be attributed to references to heraldry another common reference Sidney utilised as a form of abstraction/expression, although Philip was into astronomy, he didn’t utilise it literally in his text, when he did it was in reference to the Greek mythology, his knowledge of science was little than basic Astrology and more linked to alchemy.

Much of the references to black eyes etc have nought to do with actual stars or black holes but a common parlance of the time, affectionately penned to get a knee trembled; we best not look too deeply into the text with our modern eyes, for fear of embellishments.

Source: https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x3e0afj

For that alone I feel the term is a poetic flourish. If it’s literal then the correlation ought to be very simple, otherwise the author does not know their source material!

Alternatively, I attributed it to be a play on words, and given as I am to attribute abstraction into order, the various terms used ‘children’s story’; ‘pirates’ etc all could (probably don’t as it’s outlandish and far too convoluted, relate to Mary Sidney and the Arcadia.

I do suspect the Codexes for Raxxla and the Dark Wheel are exercises in convoluted red herrings, to explain away a now redundant narrative, whilst not debunking them entirely, weaving those dead ends into the lore.

I suspect they only contain 2 shreds of evidence, that either the Dark Wheel station (not faction) exists alone, but likely it’s a dead hulk with audio logs on its exterior; it’s is just out there, but doesn’t lead anywhere.

FD stated indirectly in regards the DW missions and Trinkets that story is archived, they may turn it back on in the future, I suspect the station exists, but just leads us to a narrative wall, where maybe FD will flip a switch and insert something else.

As for Raxxla Codex I presume it’s only link is to the Tau Ceti 2296 reference, is this taking us to Delphi, or the bubble? have we already uncovered what they wanted us to find? is there another narrative lock waiting to drop with the Stargoids? I sometimes feel we give FD too much credit and are reading too much into it all, maybe it’s already been solved!

Time will tell. I hope to be wrong. The DW station I hope is in game, I would like it to correlate to M Brookes original works… time will tell.

Source: https://youtu.be/YWyCCJ6B2WE
Last edited: Nov 10, 2022
Reactions:
Darrack and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian