CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 9, 2022
#27,785
JT442 said:
Holdstock's original novella which came with the original game in the UK was written as a bit of flavour for an otherwise quite dull (visually) space trading and combat game. It had no direct link to the game itself. The whole premise of it was to allow the player to imagine being part of an amazing narrative which could be taking part around them. I and many others didn't realise this at the time and spent years searching for Raxxla in the original. Raxxla was not in the original game at all, and was derived from Holdstock's earlier works - a literary easter egg, or simply recycling of ideas from other literary works.
Raxxla remained out of the sequels, and existed only in the minds of the players. The ONLY time Raxxla has been mentioned at all is in the Codex, and a fleeting, possible side reference in TDW missions.
You should not use Holdstocks novel as a quote machine to find Raxxla in this game. If you must use it, think how another author, say Allan Stroud, would incorporate Holdstock's Raxxla vision into Elite IV.
Click to expand...
You can date it with the ships that they mentioned plus all the varying beacons and related GalNets for GalCop/Old Worlds region. Dates are associated with pretty much every ship on the ship management screens. It may be advisable to look into how Lavian Brandy is made as that is a slightly important detail (INARA matches in-game description exactly). One other thing, Lave was settled in 2412 per "History of Lave" but Faraway and thus Quirium didn't exist until the 2800s (from "Galactic News: Hyperspace". It would be hard to colonize another star system (much less multiple) if one doesn't have fuel.

We had fuel scoops in The Dark Wheel novella and apparently all the way back to 2323 or earlier. Well, that at least solved the fuel conundrum.

For the record, I was never the problem and I am certainly not mad. I want to see the community find this at some point. But for that to happen, we have to be honest in that perhaps the approach at times was overlooking key details. Lakon Spaceways Codex entry even states the company was from Sol originally. I merely was trying to help get people back on the path. It does no one any good to blindly search.

Anyway, best of luck on your search as I am pretty sure the "Early Colonies" beacon in Delta Pavonis means it could be anywhere in the galaxy with rapid expansion starting in earnest by 2230. Remember, we're all in this together.

Last edited: Nov 9, 2022