CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 10, 2022
#27,795
PDJazzHands said:
the quest takes place entirely within elite, this is a 4th wall break to dive into astrophel and stella, and i think that is the point of that piece of flavour text, a message not to go diving into wikipedia and books to find something hidden in the milky way
I have one major challenge to this only because I believe your interpretation is perhaps an oversimplification of the matter. My assertion would be if it is in the game first and references an outside source that is perhaps fair game (up to and including recurring themes). On the flip side, any ideas gleaned from this must link to Elite Dangerous.

That counterpoint is the "First Thargoid Contact" beacon in Lave which states the following:

The first recorded contact between humanity and the Thargoids took place in 3125, although it has been speculated that there were encounters, albeit ones with no human survivors or witnesses.

A holo clip of the encounter showed showing a brief glimpse of the alien ship, and analysis of the footage revealed characters on the hull reminiscent of the letters 'THARG'. Some argued the characters might in fact be some kind of symbol, but the word nevertheless fell into popular use, giving rise to the name 'Thargoid'.

In the years that followed, scores of encounters with Thargoid vessels were reported, but little concrete evidence emerged, and for a long time nothing more was learned about these mysterious aliens.
----
Which references the below symbols from Allen Stroud's Lave Revolution. The catch is this is very likely written by humans and is but a simple substitution cipher which was decoded with the key THARG:


The deciphered text:

Lavian Phoenix Greeting Protocol

The old mercenaries preferred a silent hail when meeting in deep space . Approach dead ahead with gun ports open at ninety degrees to target. Stop at five hundred metres , rotate ninety to the left and wait for same response.

Once established, custom is Phoenix members help each other. Your new friend might fly your wing for a while, but they’ll be gone if something comes up.

No pilot violates the greeting. If they does, let it be know. The Lady of Fate don’t smile on traitors.