Jorki Rasalas
Nov 10, 2022
#27,800
electro said:
Possible that

From Astrophil and Stella:
I said thou wert most fair, and so indeed thou art;
I said thou wert most sweet, sweet poison to my heart;
I said my soul was thine (oh that I then had lied!)
I said thine eyes were stars, thy the milk'n way;
Thy fingers Cupid's shafts, thy voice the angels' lay:
And all I said so well, as no man it denied.

Refers to persephone (Cora milk again, daughter)
then it should be her mother Demeter that is mother of galaxies
Click to expand...
Sonnet 7:
When Nature made her chief work, Stella’s eyes,
In colour black why wrapp’d she beams so bright?
Would she in beamy black, like painter wise,
Frame daintiest lustre, mix’d of shades and light?
Or did she else that sober hue devise,
In object best to knit and strength our sight,
Lest if no veil those brave gleams did disguise,
They sun-like should more dazzle than delight?
Or would she her miraculous power show,
That whereas black seems Beauty’s contrary,
She even in black doth make all beauties flow?
Both so and thus, she minding Love should be
Placed ever there, gave him this mourning weed,
To honour all their deaths, who for her bleed.
Why did Nature wrap Stella’s eyes, those bright rays
That are Nature’s main work, in black colouring?
Did Nature wish, like a skilled painter using chiarascuro technique,
To create the finest lustre by mixing shadows and light?
Or did Nature create that sombre shade of colour
In order to knit together and strengthen our powers of vision,
In case Stella’s sun-like eyes should dazzle more than they delight
By being free of any protective veil?
Or did Nature wish to show her miraculous powers
By making all beauties appear with a black colouring
Even though black is not regarded as being beautiful?
No, it is as follows: Nature remembering that Love should always be
Placed in Stella’s eyes, gave Love’s clothes this mournful colour,
To honour the deaths of all those who bleed to death for her sake.

IMHO to base hypotheses about Raxxla solely on an apparent resemblance of two words between the titles of two books (one mythical, only existing in-game and all we know of it is the title) “Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars” and “Astrophil and Stella” is another example of space madness/pareidolia. There needs to be something to support such hypotheses...........

Mind, I am also sceptical of the amount of effort that has gone into classical myth- and lore-based hypotheses based on a t-shirt that Michael Brookes chose to wear and his tattoo, and a few in-game place names. And much lore-based hypothesising has been based on out of ED lore which IIRC we were told only a few pages ago, by the guy who should know, should be treated as flavour/fluff.

I base my scepticism on the fact that I too have followed such hypotheses-from the sonnet 7 text above I spent weeks diving all the dual BH I could find, dropping various Guardian artefacts in there and at their barycentres. I’ve also pursued place name-based quests based on the “personal journey” resemblance to “Odyssey”.

Mind, I had a lot of fun gameplay in those quests, but is it surprising that I found nothing? I think not, hand wavium is not a sound basis for sound hypotheses.
Last edited: Nov 10, 2022
Reactions:
JT442, Han_Zen, Louis Calvert and 2 others