selbie
Dec 14, 2023
#32,494
Louis Calvert said:
Brahe is already a star name (in that group) and I've found no other instance of using both first and last name to name this set of stars.

if it's Tycho Brahe, then he had two stars named after him (first and last name), while everyone else only gets one. If that's the case, why?? is it a mistake when they were naming stars? Is it significant that he gets two stars??

Interesting indeed. It looks to me like some of the ones you linked there are quite specific (not a commonly recognised interpretations of the Elder Futhark Runes, for example), so the next question is; If it's those runes, why is it those runes??

If we assume Tycho is Tycho Brahe named twice, or some other Tycho we haven't found, that leaves:


Yngvi-Freyr is "widely attested god in Norse mythology, associated with kingship, fertility, peace, prosperity, fair weather, and good harvest. Freyr, sometimes referred to as Yngvi-Freyr..."

Which puts a mythical Norse deity star-name almost right in the centre of our 'golden chain' of stars, surrounded by stars almost entirely named for real astronauts and astronomers/astrophysicists.

Anyone have any ideas? Brookes was into Norse myth, is Freyr important in a way that might relate to why he might have hand-placed this name in a way that makes it out-of-place?

EDIT: Been reading up on Yngvi-Freyr, specifically the "Ynglings". Consider this: "The historicity of the Ynglings and their divine ancestry is a topic of scholarly debate. While the sagas provide a rich narrative of the Ynglings, historians caution against taking these accounts as straightforward historical records. The sagas often blend mythology with historical events, and the line between legend and fact can be challenging to discern."

Sound familiar???


That leaves:
Which (if you're coming from Sol) appear in that order as you move further down the chain of stars.
Click to expand...
I was looking through that earlier as well. Interesting that the futhorc ingwaz rune variant is ᛝ
Maybe Raxxla sounds more like Rangla - which is an Icelandic term for wandering

Rochester said:
Another corresponding system in this same vicinity is Varuna, a water god, ruler of the West direction. Comparably there’s Indra another god of the sea, attributed to the East, and could be said in game to be positioned in opposition to Varuna!
Varuna reminded me of Vestri - the norse dwarf / pillar that holds up the sky. I see there is a Vestani and Vestet in EDSM if that has any spatial relationship.
Reactions:
SergMx