Rochester
Dec 13, 2023
#32,493
Milton's Ontology, Cosmogony, and Physics by Walter Clyde Curry

https://core.ac.uk/download/pdf/232565884.pdf

This text goes some way to clinically identify the location of the pendant universe, by identifying the travels of various characters, along certain roads in heaven as described by Milton, to and from Eden, this being from the western gate of heaven, this aligns with statements of Chaos, who advises Satan that it was located close to where he first fell.

Unless the author in ED is intentionally misinterpreting, or repurposing the text, then the original context ought to apply in my opinion. That the pendant globe hangs from the west wall of heaven.

I find this interesting because, if we can agree that there is an Empyrean zone, a Chaos zone and an Underworld zone represented in game, and that there is some type of North, South, East West alignment, then logically if these all are replicated in game accurately and with intent, then logically the Pendant Universe aka Raxxla ought to be within a location in a similar relationship.

In this instance it is my opinion this ought to be within a Western province close to the zone of the Empyrean, and outside the zone of chaos!

I have noted upon this previously, but I feel my recent analysis may give this more credence. I do believe the Greek wind compass in game does align with these zones, advocating a north - Boreas, and a South - Notus, therefore any such location ought to be in an area in relation to the West - Zephyrus.

Of note many of the locations I’ve recently identified, such as those of Brookes Drabbles, do fall in very close proximity of an area linked to Zephyrus.

Another corresponding system in this same vicinity is Varuna, a water god, ruler of the West direction. Comparably there’s Indra another god of the sea, attributed to the East, and could be said in game to be positioned in opposition to Varuna?

Last edited: Dec 14, 2023
Reactions:
Han_Zen and Louis Calvert