Louis Calvert
Dec 13, 2023
#32,492
SergMx said:
Tycho Brahe - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org
Brahe is already a star name (in that group) and I've found no other instance of using both first and last name to name this set of stars.

if it's Tycho Brahe, then he had two stars named after him (first and last name), while everyone else only gets one. If that's the case, why?? is it a mistake when they were naming stars? Is it significant that he gets two stars??
SergMx said:
As far as I understand the remaining four are RUNS.
Interesting indeed. It looks to me like some of the ones you linked there are quite specific (not a commonly recognised interpretations of the Elder Futhark Runes, for example), so the next question is; If it's those runes, why is it those runes??

If we assume Tycho is Tycho Brahe named twice, or some other Tycho we haven't found, that leaves:

Labyrinth
Legacy
The Veil
Yngvi-Freyr

Wiki says Yngvi-Freyr is "widely attested god in Norse mythology, associated with kingship, fertility, peace, prosperity, fair weather, and good harvest. Freyr, sometimes referred to as Yngvi-Freyr..."

Which puts a mythical Norse deity star-name almost right in the centre of our 'golden chain' of stars, surrounded by stars almost entirely named for real astronauts and astronomers/astrophysicists.

Anyone have any ideas? Brookes was into Norse myth, is Freyr important in a way that might relate to why he might have hand-placed this name in a way that makes it out-of-place?

EDIT: Been reading up on Yngvi-Freyr, specifically the "Ynglings". Consider this: "The historicity of the Ynglings and their divine ancestry is a topic of scholarly debate. While the sagas provide a rich narrative of the Ynglings, historians caution against taking these accounts as straightforward historical records. The sagas often blend mythology with historical events, and the line between legend and fact can be challenging to discern."

Sound familiar???


That leaves:
Labyrinth
The Veil
Legacy
Which (if you're coming from Sol) appear in that order as you move further down the chain of stars.
Last edited: Dec 13, 2023
Reactions:
Adel, SergMx and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian