Rochester
Apr 2, 2022
#25,807
Jorki Rasalas said:
I wasn't playing that early, else I would have queried his statement. How can the “dark system” be scanned before you arrive in it? As far as we know the discovery scanner is “infinite” within a system, but not outside it.
I took it to relate as, prior to jumping to a star, you would scan that sector of interstellar space (I recall probes were proposed initially) identifying a certain number of viable stars (stars seen in the galaxy map; DS not being visible).

If these groups of stars encircled a dark system once these had been scanned (normal methods) it would become detectable, and could only then be jumped to, that’s what I took from that statement, and from memory I don’t believe it ever raised its head again.

2014 QA by David Braben where it crops up:
https://www.elitedangerous.de/dokumente/Elite-Dangerous-David-Braben-Answers-Questions.pdf

Then again in @drew Premonition it states: “ER 8 system played host to a dull brown dwarf; they used to call them dark systems”.

And then there was this:
https://www.elitedangerous.de/dokumente/ED-The-Beginning-2014.pdf

So I imagine the entire concept got binned early on. We can see dark systems now - they’re just brown dwarfs etc…but still if we accept some element of consistency those dark systems (brown dwarfs etc) were scheduled to host ‘mysteries’ (see link).

But I wondered if the DB statement got confused / conflated, and that was the original source for the idea of Raxxla needing to be scanned by multiple Cmdrs before resolving.

Taking a leap of tinfoil, one could then assume Raxxla might be in a brown dwarf sector, this would fit the ‘we know why no one’s found it’ assumption, because these are boring systems, yet prevalently abundant.

If we take another leap of tinfoil we only look for these systems within the identified sphere of influence, and only within a certain distance (unknown) from the identified colonised systems within that temporal period… still an enormous amount of stars…but?

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9692839
Last edited: Apr 4, 2022
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas