Jorki Rasalas
Apr 3, 2022
#25,809
Rochester said:
I took it to relate as, prior to jumping to a star, you would scan that sector of interstellar space (I recall probes were proposed initially) identifying a certain number of viable stars (stars seen in the galaxy map; DS not being visible).

If these groups of stars encircled a dark system once these had been scanned (normal methods) it would become detectable, and could only then be jumped to, that’s what I took from that statement, and from memory I don’t believe it ever raised its head again.

2014 QA by David Braben where it crops up:
https://www.elitedangerous.de/dokumente/Elite-Dangerous-David-Braben-Answers-Questions.pdf

Then again in Premonition it states: “ER 8 system played host to a dull brown dwarf; they used to call them dark systems”.

And then there was this:

So I imagine the entire concept got binned early on. We can see dark systems now - they’re just brown dwarfs etc…but still if we accept some element of consistency those dark systems (brown dwarfs etc) were scheduled to host ‘mysteries’ (see link).

But I wondered if the DB statement got confused / conflated, and that was the original source for the idea of Raxxla needing to be scanned by multiple Cmdrs before resolving.

Taking a leap of tinfoil, one could then assume Raxxla might be in a brown dwarf sector, this would fit the ‘we know why no one’s found it’ assumption, because these are boring systems, yet prevalently abundant.

If we take another leap of tinfoil we only look for these systems within the identified sphere of influence, and only with a certain distance (unknown) from the identified colonised systems within that temporal period… still an enormous amount…but?

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
Click to expand...
Well, we don't know that DB actually said that since we have no source and only one alleged report. But the phrasing, as reported, says to me that a group of searchers would increase the probability of detection (because of “you need to scan it enough”) which suggests Raxxla has a tiny detection radius, it’s a small object (SmallBody type is mentioned in the journal spec!), and possibly a detection counter too but I can’t fit that into a lore-based hypothesis (unless it is a stealthed Guardian ark ship and the stealthing will be switched off if scanned repeatedly within a short time period). But it could still be in a brown dwarf system!

For anyone who doesnt know of this rumour it’s alleged that DB was interviewed in an early livestream (when the ship’s scanner came in three grades, basic/intermediate/advanced) where someone asked him about Raxxla and the answer was:

DB: "- It would be more likely to reveal itself to a group of players."
Interviewer: "- How so?"
DB: "- If you are at the right place and you scan it enough..."
Interviewer: "- Advanced scanner or the basic one?"
DB: "- Basic scanning is enough."
Interviewer: "- But you have to be Elite..."
DB: "- You have to be Elite."
Last edited: Apr 3, 2022
Reactions:
Koben