CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 1, 2022
#25,801
Darth Ender said:
i dont think anything i posted about had anything to do with our participation in the two militaries we are allowed to rank up in but ok...lets go with this


Ok. still plausible.


I dont think that fits. INRA (god fdev, intergalactic? really? Intragalactic or interstellar makes sense), was an independent entity not part of the federation or empire but funded from both and allowed to operate independently under it's own oversight. This is a far cry from reservists within one or the other military. INRA is not under the thumb of either power, it's separate and so the function of what we do in being able to rank up in fed or empire militaries has nothing in common with what inra was.

INRA under the direction of a given superpower is not inra, it's just that super power. I think if INRA continued on it would have done so under the guise of a private corporation. A minor faction off in independent space that looks boring from the outside so nobody bothers it. But dealing in something that gives it a reason to be everywhere it can strategically make deals with and do things it needs to without raising eyebrows. Maybe purchase a construction corporation with contracts for both federal and empire super powers that it could use to launder black ops money and have plausible reasons for spending funds in out of the way permit blocked systems like col 70 and the like ...etc.
Click to expand...
Now just got to see if I can actually find any more sites for Church of the Path in Shibboleth (that system is screaming we missed something big) and see if those two factions I posted about earlier are clues about where the Megellan and Cirag Gates are located. Regardless, I believe Intergalactic Naval Reserve Arm and Intergalactic explorer (Mic Turner - believe this is referenced in Olgrea and possibly GalNet) is a hint we found Raxxla and the weird shifts in lore is a very elaborate cover-up. May lead somewhere or force yet another rethink but I think it's plausible given from the looks of things quirium is very much still with us. By the way, their names come from a map of the Galactic Cooperative in Tour of the Universe. There are multiple paragraphs describing each gate. But, even based on clues in-game from Galnet and tourist beacons you should be able to track down most of this but even then it requires a fairly deep understanding of how human colonization happened.
Last edited: Apr 1, 2022