Rochester
Apr 23, 2019
#7,681
Jorki Rasalas said:
Felicity said in the Codex that TDW imitators die out quietly (or was it quickly?); the faction in SD is still in existence after some four years, therefore they are the real dark wheel, however as the mysterious woman said in Premonition TDW has wheels within wheels & she implied SD is the “outer rim” operating as a distraction (i.e. an obfuscation).

I emphasise her turn of phrase because it is clearly a link to the original TDW SD missions, and since Drew Wagar said categorically he didn’t know anything about Raxxla it seems to suggest that FD asked him to put this part of the storyline into Premonition. It may be that FD decided those missions were originally too simple as clues to Raxxla & disabled them temporarily (I believe we’ve had FD confirmation that they are still in-game) while they made the puzzle more complex; perhaps they are somehow chained with another puzzle which we haven’t found yet. Except they seem to have overdone it; the fact that nobody has been able to find those missions recently makes me think they are somehow further obfuscated.

Don’t ask me for the source of the FD statement about them still being in game; I despair of the history that seems to have been lost in the move to the new forum....to quote Sgt Schultz when I search for previous notable posts .. I can find nuthink, NUTHINK!!!
Click to expand...

I concur. I believe (and this has been discussed previously and there is a link on page 1 of this thread) what happened was there was an error during an update and the old missions weren't reimplemented.

I always took this as 'these missions were too obvious so they got dropped' ... although as they formed part of backers content they may well be reintroduced at another time....now I feel this could well be connected to the real dark wheel base.

Find that and we may find the old missions...or something like it. As the codex alludes it..at least thats my interpretation but without solid evidence it may well not....best find the wheel...
Last edited: Apr 23, 2019