Jorki Rasalas
May 8, 2019
#7,964
RaNaketh said:
No problems, we're all trying to solve this one together and in our own very unique ways.

I've been taking a sort of weekly mission snap-shot of factions to collect my data. I'd love to do it daily but that isn't going to happen with RL, so I'm doing what I can.

However, like you I have noted that some factions do receive beneficiary and non-beneficiary missions targets which did confuse me. However, the ones I'm most 'suspicious' of at the moment based on my data collection, are the following list of non-highlighted factions which to my knowledge have only receive beneficiary missions (the red ones have been non-beneficiary missions so I'm excluding them at the moment):



This faction group seems to be holding steady, and my suspicions are aroused due to the following quote (which may or may not be canon - I never can tell):

‘You should not consider the Dark Wheel a single organisation, gentlemen.
How could it survive for so long if it were so? The Wheel has many levels,
many hubs, cogs, gears and spokes. It is more akin to an affiliation of
19 organisations that share certain common goals. Interlocking in purpose.
Consider yourselves now spinning on the outermost rim.’

Before I leap into aligning with these factions I'm waiting for more data points to see if more Origin = ? factions appear in the list which will discount my theory, and/or if any other unique flags appear.

I also suspect I need to be 3x Elite anyway, so I'm also working on that whilst collating this data.

Fly Dangerous.
/ Ra
Click to expand...

Don’t know where you got “19....” from. The correct quote is:

“The truth is far more subtle than they will ever suspect. Shinrarta is merely a front.’
‘So …?’
‘You should not consider the Dark Wheel a single organisation, gentlemen. How could it survive for so long if it were? The Wheel has many levels, many hubs, cogs, gears and spokes.”
“It is more akin to an affiliation of organisations that share certain common goals. Interlocking in purpose. Consider yourselves now spinning on the outermost rim.”

Excerpt From
Elite Dangerous: Premonition
Drew Wagar
This material may be protected by copyrigbht.
Reactions:
RaNaketh