RaNaketh
May 8, 2019
#7,962
RaNaketh said:
No problems, we're all trying to solve this one together and in our own very unique ways.

I've been taking a sort of weekly mission snap-shot of factions to collect my data. I'd love to do it daily but that isn't going to happen with RL, so I'm doing what I can.

However, like you I have noted that some factions do receive beneficiary and non-beneficiary missions targets which did confuse me. However, the ones I'm most 'suspicious' of at the moment based on my data collection, are the following list of non-highlighted factions which to my knowledge have only receive beneficiary missions (the red ones have been non-beneficiary missions so I'm excluding them at the moment):



This faction group seems to be holding steady, and my suspicions are aroused due to the following quote (which may or may not be canon - I never can tell):

‘You should not consider the Dark Wheel a single organisation, gentlemen.
How could it survive for so long if it were so? The Wheel has many levels,
many hubs, cogs, gears and spokes. It is more akin to an affiliation of
19 organisations that share certain common goals. Interlocking in purpose.
Consider yourselves now spinning on the outermost rim.’

Before I leap into aligning with these factions I'm waiting for more data points to see if more Origin = ? factions appear in the list which will discount my theory, and/or if any other unique flags appear.

I also suspect I need to be 3x Elite anyway, so I'm also working on that whilst collating this data.

Fly Dangerous.
/ Ra
Click to expand...

Hey Macros,

I was just checking the latest missions offered by TDW, and noticed something that you could verify more easily than I can.

(Note: This is on the assumption I have understood the meaning of 'Target Faction' = non-beneficial for a planetary scan job, otherwise they're both beneficial and you can ignore this post.)

I have two missions for the same faction 'Green Party of LFT 926'.
1. A follow-on mission for 'Green Party of LFT 926' for their home system of LFT 926 (Transport Medical Supplies)
2. A non-beneficial mission for 'Green Party of LFT 926' for SKEGGIKO O (Planetary Scan Job) where they are listed as the Target Faction.

I started looking at some old data I have and noticed it appears TDW seems to be promoting the faction within their own 'Origin' system with beneficial missions, whilst at the same time if the faction is attempting to expand to other systems, supplies a non-beneficial missions to reduce their influence in that target system.

I had a few much earlier data points for this from 3+ months ago, but never made the connection between Origin system and beneficial / non-beneficial as it was only recently I went through and collated the Origin information into my data.

See if this flies with your own observations of missions, and if I've misunderstood 'Target Faction' = Non-beneficial - Well, pass me another Lavian brandy and I'll get back in my data analytics box!

/ Ra
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Midian Cabal and Macros Black