Vetinari
V
Aug 11, 2020
#18,360
Its funny how these things happen but a lot of these things have been answered very recently. Im only just catching up with Lore Tour vids and this is what we've learned:

Drew was happy for the Rift mystery to be unsolvable, or with nor real outcome, a mystery 'for ever'. Fdev pushed for a conclusion.*
Drew was writing the 2nd book at the same time and needed the game to 'catch up' so he could write the events in. hence the more obvious clues to the whole mystery.
GalNet fluffed up many times, clues missing, edited what Drew had wrote missing the context or the clue. Also not always released in the correct order.
Lot of issues with implementation. Planets being the wrong type entirely (Prism system doesnt match book System) but far more importantly: The beacons were supposed to be in systems with ELW or WW or tf HMC! All the speculation about where are the ELWs mentioned in the messages, all down to bugs or planets not being the right type, there is no bigger mystery sadly.
There were supposed to be more beacons around the correct planet or more detailed coordinates or something, it wasn't supposed to be needing brute forced.**
Drew approached Fdev about writing 2nd book. Fdev pushed for something in game for the whole community - which lead top the whole Salome chase me thing, the Rift was there already.*
Fdev rang Drew up at work to offer to upgrade the mystery using new available technology.*
The 'lights' the 'whispers' in witchspace, Halseys visions (+potentially Gan Romero out of game narrative - my speculation not Drews) were all originally intended to be part of a much bigger storyline that hasnt happened yet....or may not happen now at all. Drew 'played into' this story with the messages he wrote about the Rift and Conflux and Hawkins Gap.
The FR, Conflux, HG sites are roughly 90 degrees from each other starting at Sol. They all moved away from the expected Tharg invasion direction (coming from The Pleiades). At this early time time the expectation was Pleiades (FR mystery was first mentioned or alluded to in pre-game book)

So Drew linked the messages, INRA bases etc with a larger storyline he was aware of, hence the similarities between them. Importantly the implication is this story will link a few different stories and may put them all into context. So the Rift etc was a prelude, a lead in, another 'clue' that something was happening or coming, but wouldn't make sense until the final jigsaw piece was put in....and now it may not ever be. Implication is its not the Tharg Invasion, or if it is thats only part of it, which means its massive.

On 2 separate videos Drew refers to working out how long the original expedition would have taken and he says at one point, 5 years. (Their 5 year mission to boldly go etc). However in the logs that he wrote all the mentions are of journeys of months not years! (5 months iirc for one of them) Not sure if this is just oversight, but drawing attention to it twice? Saying twice he worked out how long it would take in olden times. Is he suggesting there was another 'FSD' developed by INRA long before we know about?

*Fdev have on these occasions either pushed for community involvement or offered to improve the experience of the player. They have not been forced into it they have been proactive. For very little or no financial gain or expected gain either. Purely for player involvement. Just saying.
**Brute forcing is not a choice fdev used for solving riddles. Bugs and gameplay made it necessary. Its not the intention. Hopefully the same applies to Raxxla. Hopefully the lack of fixing the bugs (wrong planets entirely!) doesnt apply to Raxxla.
Reactions:
rOmiLaYu, Dr. Lexus, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 6 others