Rochester
Jan 21, 2023
#28,964
Darrack said:
This has always been my thinking, the clues or even access to it may be in game but not the place/thing itself, for me this is something Fdev would want to control.

O7
This is my point, it’s a bone of contention because there really is no evidence apart from Drews statements and the presumptive statements by Braben and Brookes.

Again the veracity is debatable and a matter of opinion. I personally can accept it’s not in game yet as well as in game and accessible because the evidence either way is debatable, I don’t hardline either way.

We can presume Drew is telling the truth (I do) but it’s not known directly, and he does change his story over time…if true the context is an unknown, because Braben may have either been trying to impress a fan or have been talking out of context, or temporarily!

Brookes statement I accept as true but again how he talks is very vague and he could likely be talking temporarily.

Braben’s ‘silly’ statement is a bone of contention, I was a trained interview transcriber, if you break the conversation down, my experience tells me he’s avoiding the question and it’s an irritation to Braben. Others rightly can interpret that differently. Overall however if you apply standard reliability it’s still a bit doubtful.

I certainly believe if not just a fixed point floating about undiscovered then at some point it might have been a narrative story linked to the old DW missions, if so it might have been altered on Brookes departure, and might have amalgamated into the larger narrative… but that’s just speculation… we simply don’t know anything, it could equally still just be ‘out there’ and any ‘story’ archived… another assumption is it’s an Easter egg which has gained too much prominence!

The Codex is primarily the best and only resource for clues, as FD has proven to have fiddled with their narrative and lore, so IMOP most of these historical statements might not be relevant anymore… but if taken literally the Codex might not necessarily confirm anything, it is only advocating Raxxla is in game, that could equally mean it’s now textual as lore….

Maybe yes that text alludes to a clue, what that clue is however is speculative as there are no directions.

I do think the mentioned Tau Ceti, 2296 and referring to Omphalos is a big clue, I do think Omphalos is a clue to Delphi, and that Delphi is a clue to Yggdrasil… however things get wobbly… and we’re into speculation… again I accept that concept is attractive to my mindset because I am from a GIS background, so that’s just how I think, I have to likewise presume FD don’t, or they got things wrong, so it’s still doubtful,

In my experience in GIS the Tau Ceti 2296 date is a spacial reference to a sphere of influence…a relatively smaller (in comparison to the size of the galaxy) area where it might be, there are still lots of systems not 100% scanned, lots of places people don’t look (belts).., but we are still acting on faith… and that’s OK.

It's more about the journey...
Last edited: Jan 21, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Darrack, Macros Black and 1 other person