Rochester
Jan 22, 2023
#28,974
Frankymole said:
How much of the galaxy has been discovered? In 8 years, only one twentieth of one percent.

I think you're premature to claim we would have found Raxxla yet by chance.

It has also been confirmed as definitely in game by at least two of the original developers.

View attachment 342446
In my opinion I don’t believe the size of the galaxy is relevant to the positioning or as a mechanism to hide Raxxla.

To place it randomly and very far away might make it certainly difficult to find temporally, but it wouldn’t stop random interaction.

We might presume there to be some element of development behind it, eg missions, lore or narrative which needs to be interacted with, finding it randomly would make such hard work potentially redundant.

Unless said content was already found and any such narrative around it made redundant… otherwise yes it might be anywhere.

Many presume it’s local because of a few commonly held assumptions.

1: the lore around exploration would suggest any discovery ought to be in the bubble;

2: FD seeded the majority of mysteries in the bubble, this fits with FDs earlier pre-launch concepts that far-off exploration would be difficult (!);

3: FD would want players to find it, doing so locally increases this chance;

4: the early PF/DW missions, linked indirectly to Raxxla via their loaded descriptions lifted from the Dark Wheel novella, were bubble based.

5: the Codex gives tentative clues, eg Tau Ceti and 2296, which might (might) identify a bubble based area.

But in the absence of any clear information or direction these are assumptions, nothing is definitive.

In regards to Raxxla being ‘definitely in game’ I would beg to differ that it’s not ‘definitive’.

Raxxla was never confirmed as being ‘in game’ technically IMOP…

Brookes publicly stated in the DJTruthsayer interview: Q:,’ where is Raxxla’; A: ‘it’s in the Milky Way, but I can’t tell you where at this stage’…

Yes Brookes states Raxxla has a location, in the galaxy, so it exists as an element of ED, but his next response is temporal, which introduces doubt, as to when it may exist? Or Brookes could be alluding to a narrative journey, I suspect this was linked to the old PF/DW missions…

The next confirmation comes from Braben on a livestream (word for word transcript), true it’s subjective but my interpretation goes as:

DB “does Raxxla exist…erm there’s an interesting one”
ED - laughs.
DB “what a silly question. Of course….”
ED “I couldn’t have honestly actually probably erm, I could have probably told you the 4 questions that were going to come through ahead of time”
DB “yeah”
DB looks at ED “but you don’t know what it is though”
ED “yeah that’s true, that is it’s true”.

That in hindsight sounds like ED might have let a question slip the net, that he knew his boss wouldn’t like, so he was back tracking. Braben might have directed this to Ed, maybe not the audience?

The next and best confirmation comes from Arthur Tolmie when asked about Raxxla: “It’s there. Clearly it’s there. I’ve said this in another stream, I’ll say it today, it’s been going a longtime. The payoff would have to be great, and that’s all I will say on it”.

Any other statement by other persons are speculative, and not confirmative. The above interpretations, I accept are assumptions, I don’t personally accept them either as ‘definitive’.

However I personally accept Raxxla is in game and accessible, not because of any historical and vague statement, but upon the inclusion of the codex.

The codex although full of vague references, actually provides new data, in regards to Tau Ceti and 2296, the only relatable points that exist in game.

When we combine all of these statements together, and the codex, we can presume Raxxla to be in game and accessible, to a certain level of probability.

However, I don’t think it’s actually definitive there does exists a level of doubt and speculation which at best hints to says content being narrative, but there is no definitive evidence to confirm that either.

One has to ask the logical question, why would FD insert the codex if it were narrative, why would FD refer to Tau Ceti and 2296, if it were narrative?

On that line of question my assumptions align with it being in game as is make no sense to tease or misdirect your player base…
Last edited: Jan 22, 2023