Jorki Rasalas
Sep 17, 2022
#27,330
clavain said:
So it's Friday, and I'm bored at work, and this (likely) isn't really Raxxla-related, but....

Using Canonn's nifty 3D map of the UIA positions here:

https://map.canonn.tech/route_uia.html

Is it just me or if you zoom out (waaaay out) it looks like all three might be coming from the direction of the Formidine Rift? And one of the three from the permit-locked sector(s) whose name(s) escape me waaaaay out on the other side of the Rift?

It is also interesting that when you zoom in, none of them seem to originate in any of the presumed-Thargoid home permit-locked sectors closer to the Bubble shown on the map in grey spheres (Cone Sector, etc.). This all of course assumes you can extrapolate to an origin from their current routes, which is a big assumption if they are doing weird living-in-hyperspace timey-wimey wibbly-wobbly things.

I don't think Drew is out there anymore, <sniff> (on the forums, not the Rift - well, both I guess) but he might find this amusing if correct. Bit of a backhanded tribute of sorts maybe?

Edit: Also thinking back to the Formidine Rift logs and the mysterious signals detected and noises heard, and something "immense" being out there....

Edit: Bovomit Sector was the name I could not remember. It's been a while. It is still locked also. Interestingly, it is not on the Canonn map of permit-locked regions here, I guess they are still recovering from being hexedited...
Click to expand...
I have for long suspected that the thargoids were supposed to come from Bovomit. That would fit in with the old lore of them “coming across the formidine rift” (although the same book, think it was Lave Revolution, refers to FRift being between Reorte and Riedquat) and the log messages: “received bizarre signal, wasnt human” “strange lights during hyperspace transits” “picked up some heat signature in the last system. Definitely something there and it wasn't any profile I had seen before. Something was watching us. There's something evil out here, and it doesn't like company!" , and EMP strike- “everything went offline - and I mean everything! Life support too! No comms, nothing. Stayed that way for about two minutes. Then everything was back to normal. Affected our support ship too.”

So I surmise FD moved the location of the FRift to big up the storyline; it benefited Drew Wagar’s storyline, but I suspected it might also suit their long term plans. Bovomit being locked with those Dynasty logs was highly suggestive. The question is whether the incoming UIA/Stargoids/Slightly Nearer Gods are in fact Thargoids (perhaps the mythical Klaxians?), mother/hive ships of the goids we already know, or something else. Could be Guardian AI responding to the Proteus Wave signal.

And I’d still like to hear the lore reason for PF to lock all those galaxy sectors! It implies knowledge of entities that humanity does not have! Guardian/Guardian AI control of the PF is the only answer I’ve come up with!

Edit: though The Club seem to have showed a distinct lack of common sense in putting their Dynasty Plot FRift beacons and bases on the boundary of a locked sector which clearly indicates some hidden lurking menace!!!

Edit2: I think the FD repositioning happened when Drew’s story took off and they didn’t want all their storyline eggs stuck in one [sjbasket[/s] region of the galaxy, so redefined the positional details & locked off the Col70 region which was accessible up until then. Which if they’re coming from Bovomit makes me suspect the Slightly Nearer Gods may not be Thargoids, or at least not the ones we are familiar with....no doubt we shall find out in time for our Christmas turkeys to be coated with large amounts of green corrosive liquid!
Last edited: Sep 17, 2022
Reactions:
simulacrae and clavain