Jorki Rasalas
Sep 20, 2022
#27,340
Bushido Brown said:
<snipped>

But if we take Bill's wrecked ship to be indicative of Mic's fate, are we straying from Raxxla?

Jorki - you mentioned a possible (though you think it unlikely) goid - Raxxla angle? What was that exactly?

In this thread we do sometimes have little asides, departing a little from the Raxxla focus, but not for long. It’s becaise it’s such a friendly and helpful community here!

I did? You’ll have to remind me what I posted cos nothing is coming to mind...it’s early and breakfast coffee isn't yet working on my tired little neurons...I did seem to recall a rumour that the goids were also looking for Raxxla, but Han_Zen kindly reminded me that the goids were looking for Soontill (which incidentally is addressed in the book And Here The Wheel), and it’s possible that I was misremembering someone else’s confusion over the two.

Oh, coffee is beginning to kick in! Yes, My hypothesis is based on some facts:
1) we know that Raxxla is addressed in FD’s Alien Lore Bible (which they keep secret from us) written by Allen Stroud
2) from the Codex the date of first rumour of Raxxla was only 10 years after the Alien Artefact was found on Mars
3) we apparently have not managed to decipher much of the goid technology as yet, but Ram Tah had (suspiciously) spectacular success in deciphering Guardian tech. Including that they sent out hunting parties (& several colonisation ships), and were effective in bioengineering species they encountered.
4) Guardian tech shows glyphs based on groups of triangular symbols (though nobody but Ram Tah seems to be able to decode these! I suggested the possibility of something like Braille but I’m no code breaker). Similar triangular shapes briefly appear at times on the ship’s navigation panel (video record and slow it down when selecting the nav panel, and also when submitting Universal Cartographics exploration data. Pilots Federation also control UC!)
5) human ships are prevented from jumping into quite a few locked systems and regions of space. Clearly someone/something doesnt want us to go there (yet). These locks are implemented by the navigation equipment, which is supplied by the PF ....

I put these together and came up with the hypothesis that a Guardian party came to Sol in the distant past, and possibly bioengineered humanity to evolve into an effective fighting force to counter the Thargoids (though possibly just to taste better ). That some remnant of that party is still in control of the PF. That party lost, or deliberately left (see edit), the Martian Artefact and it may have been the source of the rumour about Raxxla. It is possible that Raxxla is Thargoid, but of the two alien races we know about Raxxla as Guardian seems to me more likely. I think the hint to that was the Codex mention of an Omphalos Rift as an alien device-Guardians seem more likely for that sort of technology from what we see in game. It is not a given though, since there was an old rumour that Thargoids came here via a portal from the Andromeda Galaxy-I think that rumour predates Elite Dangerous and I’m not aware of anything current that supports that rumour so it could have been retconned. Thargoids seem to be masters of hyperspace & I can’t see that they’d need any such device.

Edit: just remembered, but in Allen Stroud’s PhD thesis he has parts of the ED lore that he wrote, and he had the alien artefact being found orbiting Europa and returned by a probe to Mars. Clearly this lore was adapted, either as part of general obfuscation but I suspect more likely to avoid too much similarity with the film 2001 Space Odyssey.
Last edited: Sep 20, 2022
Reactions:
Han_Zen and Rochester