simulacrae
Apr 22, 2021
#23,001
Han_Zen said:
Just throwing a little more weight on the 'Raxxla in Sol' idea.

I would like to propose Gaia as a candidate for 'mother of galaxies'.
Gaia - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

ED seem to favour Greek in the mythology department. Gaia is the primordial personification of Earth, in Greek mythology. She is also the mother (and wife) of Uranus. Uranus is the personification of the sky. The sky is all of space. All the galaxies, stars and planets outside Earth. Gaia and Uranus are the ancestors of the titans and gods in Greek mythology. Gaia is also the mother of a lot of the strange creatures, giants and monsters. She is at the top of the family three.

Gaia in Greek is Γαία or Γαίία. Just a couple of X's short.

Gaia is believed by some sources to be the original deity behind the Oracle at Delphi:

Mother Gaia is of course also the leading faction in Sol.

If Gaia is the mother, the jewel is most likely the Moon.
The Moon is mainly personified by Selene, but is also linked to the triple goddess maiden, mother, crone system. Hecate, Demeter, Persephone, Phobe, Artemis and so on.

Not sure what this could mean. The whisper in witchspace seem to suggest hyperspace as the next step?
Perhaps we are looking for a Pole star for the Moon or and axis perpendicular to the Moons orbital plane?

Guess I'll fly to Sol again and have a look.
Click to expand...
Ya I was thinking of Gaia as well for the mother... With the Jewel on the Brow (as seen from earth - dawn) being the Morning Star.... Too many references to "dawn" to count... Venus is the obvious choice for Hesperus/Phosphorus if you want to keep it in system. I was thinking Sirius but ya...

edit - I would add that Eos (dawn) is the Mother of the stars.... So while we are looking at the dawn from earth - the jewel (morning star) would be on both the brow (horizon) of the earth as well as that of the Dawn....

edit edit - I like Sirius also because of the sothic cycle as well and its aversion to procession (project equinox?)... not to mention the oddly named planet "waypoint"
Last edited: Apr 22, 2021
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Han_Zen and clavain