Spaceman Spiff
Apr 23, 2021
#23,019
Han_Zen said:
Just throwing a little more weight on the 'Raxxla in Sol' idea.

I would like to propose Gaia as a candidate for 'mother of galaxies'.
Gaia - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org

ED seem to favour Greek in the mythology department. Gaia is the primordial personification of Earth, in Greek mythology. She is also the mother (and wife) of Uranus. Uranus is the personification of the sky. The sky is all of space. All the galaxies, stars and planets outside Earth. Gaia and Uranus are the ancestors of the titans and gods in Greek mythology. Gaia is also the mother of a lot of the strange creatures, giants and monsters. She is at the top of the family three.

Gaia in Greek is Γαία or Γαίία. Just a couple of X's short.

Gaia is believed by some sources to be the original deity behind the Oracle at Delphi:

Mother Gaia is of course also the leading faction in Sol.

If Gaia is the mother, the jewel is most likely the Moon.
The Moon is mainly personified by Selene, but is also linked to the triple goddess maiden, mother, crone system. Hecate, Demeter, Persephone, Phobe, Artemis and so on.

Not sure what this could mean. The whisper in witchspace seem to suggest hyperspace as the next step?
Perhaps we are looking for a Pole star for the Moon or and axis perpendicular to the Moons orbital plane?

Guess I'll fly to Sol again and have a look.
Click to expand...
More to this point... I have noticed that no-one ever mentions the moon in-game that I've seen before now, but... Many certainly have referenced the deep love of Pink Floyd, and then of course there's the all too obvious "Dark Side of the Moon". (Which, I suspect, is the issue here... just too obvious). But.... here's a quick description of that album....
"The second half of the album consists of individual songs about different ideas and concepts that are detrimental to society and can lead to madness." Sound familiar? All of us, following our own ideas, running in circles? Fernweh, anyone?
While this is too theoretical for me to take any official stance on, I count it as more a case of "mounting potential" that just adds in to all the other signs.

Also: Just a note. As Han is aiming at, I believe that most potential clues that point to Raxxla certainly could be interpreted to exist in Sol quite easily... which ties in with:
My Coehlo theory: "Sets out on a grand adventure, and the whole while what he was looking for was back at the start"
Ties to The Odyssey: The journey home
Last edited: Apr 23, 2021
Reactions:
clavain, Rochester, Vetinari and 2 others