CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 22, 2021
#23,013
To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies
To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void!
The parent's grief, the lover's woe and the yearning of our vagabond hearts
To Raxxla!

Rule#1 - Never dismiss anyone bold enough to post a real working theory that gets coordinates out of cryptic hints on April 1st of all days.

This is the map of a very particular patch of sky and here's why..

-The Dark Wheel (and therefore its alleged toast) originated exceptionally early during the human exploration period.

-Sol sent “slow” hyperspace starting in the 22nd century (2101-2200) per tourist beacons in Tau Ceti.

-The Mars Artifact was discovered in 2280.

-The first written mention of Raxxla occurs in Tau Ceti (self-sufficient by 2159).

-Tau Ceti was the first SUCCESSFUL colony outside of Sol. There are numerous terraformed worlds closer to Sol than Tau Ceti.

-Eden in Alpha Centauri was tried first but abandoned due to prohibitive amounts of radiation.

-TDW mythos must have originated either in Sol or Tau Ceti.

Now the good stuff ... first of all key assumptions constellations have thus far provided a poor target or path and in-game mechanics curtail such things as asteroid belts (without them being utterly static).

Also, the Alleged Toast of the Dark Wheel is the ONLY piece of evidence that can really be used to deduce the path. Remember this is should be akin to a treasure map so each step must map to an actual place.
---
“To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!”

-Jewel can be seen as reference to brightness so possibly brightest star in a constellation.

-The phrasing “brow of the mother of galaxies” is both a reference to where to look for this bright star and clarifies the galaxy in question. The brow meaning a the stream of stars arching across the sky. “Mother of all galaxies” here is literal and is a reference to Alpha Coronae Borealis / Alphecca (the brightest star on the Northern Crown constellation.

Alphekka – EDSM

Alcman’s Cosmogonic Fragment (established Thetis is the “mother of all galaxies”):

Most, Glenn W. “Alcman's 'Cosmogonic' Fragment (Fr. 5 Page, 81 Calame).” The Classical Quarterly, vol. 37, no. 1, 1987, pp. 1–19. JSTOR, www.jstor.org/stable/639340. Accessed 4 Apr. 2021.

Alternatively, this is the one of the brightest stars visible. Sirius and Arcturus make exceptionally good candidates.
---
“To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void!” + The Thargoid Connection

This seems to indicate the reference is the spooky sounds while in Witchspace and the fact that in the early days of hyperspace it was dangerous and some ships jumped never to return. As far as the Alleged Toast, it is more a reference to the excitement of exploration and the dangers of hyperspace travel. In addition, mythologically the Sirens were a yearning that if acted on would almost certainly lead to death. On the flip side of this, the Sirens were condemned to live forever luring men to their deaths until such time a man could resist their song and pass safely. I take this more to mean exploration is inherently dangerous. CMDRs are likened to the only man who heard their song and survived (Odysseus from Homer's Odyssey who plugged his men's ears with wax and bound their heads with cloth while he remained bound to the mast of the ship). Odysseus' safe passage resulted in the death of the Sirens. Additionally, the largest supervoid ever confirmed is in Canes Venatacci. The brightest star here is Cor Caroli.

“Alternatively, they may be using hyperspace as a conduit from a dimensional plane entirely separate from real space. The Thargoids may not just be extragalactic in origin, but extra-universal.”

Also related -- Raxxla Codex:

In some versions of the Raxxla story, which were later shown to have a striking resemblance to the children's story "Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars" and consequently became discredited, Raxxla is said to hold an alien artefact called the Omphalos Rift, which acts as a gateway to parallel universes. Even after it was discredited, staunch supporters of the Omphalos Rift theory insist that the author of the children's story had knowledge of Raxxla's exact location and deliberately wove clues into his book. Other Raxxla seekers claim that Raxxla is something else entirely, with theories running the gamut from an unremarkable moon to a state of cosmic enlightenment.

In-game footage of the Thargoid Jump Sequence

In-game footage of a hyperspace Interdiction

Standard hyperspace jump with good sound

"Genesis of the Thargoids?" - GalNet - 07 APR 3304
“Other theories are more esoteric but worthy of exploration. We know that their vessels are capable of hovering in hyperspace, suggesting that witch-space is comfortable for them. Could living beings actually originate from hyperspace?”

"Assasignation at Delta Pavonis related to Thargoid report" - Tourist beacon in Delta Pavonis
In 3251, the publication of "The Thargoids: Truth and Fiction" by Dr Joreb Innitu of the Alien Studies Department of the Ghandi Institute based on Wicca's World (Alioth) inflamed tension between the Alliance and other political powers. He was ambushed and assassinated whilst leaving the Beta Hydri system after a scientific conference.

Hint the location of this is REALLY DAMN IMPORTANT. The Dark Wheel discovered Soontill. This was loaded with Thargoid stuff. So this assassination was either The Dark Wheel or the Feds trying to keep quiet anyone that would raise awareness of what they already knew was out there and not cause the populace to panic.

----
“The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts”

The whole damn thing is a giant reference to liminal mythology and Homer’s Illiad and Odyssey. Ever wondered why the new expansion is called Odyssey? This is why. It is the foundation of the entire story. Alternatively, it is a reference to the Homeric Hymn to Demeter and the Eleusinian Mysteries of Athens, Greece. In either case, the in-game reference is Virgo.

“The parents grief”

This is direct reference to Thetis’ fear of losing her son Achilles.

The Prophecy About Thetis, Achilles’ Mother

Achilles was the son of Peleus, king of Thessalian Phthia, and Thetis, a sea-goddess. Even though he did grow up to become the greatest of all Greek heroes, for all we know, he might have even supplanted Zeus as the ruler of the entire universe if it hadn’t been for either Themis’ or Prometheus’ timely intervention.

Namely, a year before Achilles’ birth, both Zeus and Poseidon fell in love with his eventual mother and did their best to win her hand in marriage. And only Themis and Prometheus knew it was vital for the Olympian order that neither of the two marries Thetis, for it had been written “that the sea-goddess should bear a princely son, stronger than his father, who would wield another weapon in his hand more powerful than the thunderbolt or the irresistible trident.”

The Prophecy About Achilles

Whether it was Themis or Prometheus who let the cat out of the bag we may never know, but we do know that she or he did it just in time: Zeus was barely a few moments away from sharing a bed with Thetis.

We also know that Achilles’ eventual father, Peleus, was chosen for a reason: he was, supposedly, the most pious man on the planet, worthy enough of a divine wife. More importantly, he was also a mortal, meaning he couldn’t beget an immortal son.

“Let Thetis accept a mortal’s bed,” Themis counseled the Olympians ominously, “so that she can see her son die in battle, a son who is like Ares in the strength of his hands and like lightning in the swift prime of his feet.”
Source: The Prophecies of Thetis and her son Achilles

“the lovers woe” .. the very reason for the Trojan War

“..and the yearning of our vagabond hearts”

Achilles as Vagabond

Hammer, Dean. “Achilles as Vagabond: The Culture of Autonomy in the ‘Iliad.’” The Classical World, vol. 90, no. 5, 1997, pp. 341–366. JSTOR, www.jstor.org/stable/4351961. Accessed 4 Apr. 2021.

Who was Achilles? - The British Museum Blog

Achilles does have shield with Constellations that seem to point to Polaris commissioned by Thetis

Last edited: Apr 22, 2021
Reactions:
Exekrator, Tibercov83 and Crimson Echo