CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 22, 2021
#23,009
Han_Zen said:
Regarding the Elite requirement to find Raxxla and the game mechanics in ED.

There are basically two possibilities for this to be implemented. The first one is of course is of course the Shinrarta Dezhra system. Raxxla could be in the system or only findable, by going there for some reason.

The other option is that it's practically impossible to find Raxxla, without the help of the Dark Wheel. They are known to only accept Elites.

These two options may both use the same mechanic. The Shinrarta Dezhra system permit. TDW could also have their own separate rank requirement, like some engineers.

The game cant block access to something that does not require a permit or an invitation. Invitations were of course added long after gamma. Making them a waeker candidate than the permit.

In lore, only the Dark Wheel has the Elite requirement. There is no mention of it, in regards to xla.
Click to expand...

Wardefined said:
My expectation is that Raxxla is a planet / moon / asteroid, and that when one is close enough to it their FSD will be supercharged to some outrageous range (say 1000x).

A one way jump range measured in tens of thousands of lightyears would satisfy the lore, and would do so using in game mechanics that already exist and have existed since the beginning.

To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts.
It says unequivocally it is the 8th moon of unnamed gas giant. The Omphalos Rift probably orbits the 8th moon waiting for someone to discover it. As best I can tell no human has been there. TDW supposedly found Soontill but never found Raxxla. Ryder's sons split up over whether to go after Raxxla or Soontill first. I honestly believe Triton is locked in Sol because it is Neptune Ryder's base of operations. Oberon is probably Oberon Ryder's base. I honestly believe humanity only knows about Raxxla because of the hyperspace probes sent before the generation ships. Keep in mind those were "slow" hyperspace so it took hours to days per jump. Even then those had 1,150 years to get out well past the Bubble. Keep this in mind. We only know of this because an automated probes which are discussed at the tourist beacons in Tau Ceti. This means it is almost certainly out of the Bubble.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420