Vetinari
V
Jul 26, 2019
#9,835
Disclaimer - I'm not sure anymore what is old lore and what is ret-conned current lore. I'm not sure how much is Frontier created lore and how much is player speculated / created lore, although I suspect a lot is the latter thinking there is proper war-gaming when there might not be.

Drew Wagar himself revealed the conversation. hate to throw some facts in but:

DW asked DB 'Does Raxxla exist in game?' or a very similar question. DB said 'Raxxla exists and we know where it is' - DW added the context 'at Frontier' to distinguish between himself and 'Fdev' when retelling the story (I hope / think), other people have added the context 'we alone know where it is', DW I think has said something like only a few people at Fdev will know the secret but I think that is his understanding of how Fdev works and just adds context to his 'we at fdev' to try and make it clearer what he understood by the statement , as in his understanding / opinion it wouldn't be many at Fdev who know. Not least because by then he had been misquoted a dozen times and the misquotes became lore. Sorry Drew if this is completely wrong, I'm not having a go I'm just saying the original quote in isolation from DB in response to a question 'Does Raxxla exist in game? was 'Raxxla exists and we know where it is' Any context added after is by somebody else is all I am saying...

DW does not know where Raxxla is - just a fact and I'd be sick of having to say that by now if I was him. I believe he believes it would be 'confidential' information at Frontier in that business environment and therefore only a few relevant people would know, could even be DB and 1 or 2 programmers/coders/developers. That would be a perfectly normal analysis by anyone who understands business and was almost certainly his experience working with them. Anybody who thinks DW would be included in that circle is mistaken, not because he cant be trusted but because business is business. We are all treated like this at work, we have access to confidential information that is limited to our Need To Know.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420