yelboc
Jul 26, 2019
#9,833
CMDR Maylor Rom said:
DB and MB claim there will be no clues, and that Raxxla exists and only FDev knows where it is.

So, above bug fixes, above new content, above new ships and cosmedics, and above all else, we have some undiscovered code and game mechanics, which only FDev has tested and knows about, possibly linked to missions (which have been bugged for some time) which may reveal a very small trail of bread crumbs for only those who meet very special criteria, i.e. Elite, Courage, Honor, Rank, Status, Skill, or who are smart enough to "read between the lines" and link all the disparate pieces of the lore together and actually find Raxxla.

I think it very much more likely that FDev had no plan for inclusion of some very detailed or undiscovered code and game mechanics for Raxxla at all. I also believe that Raxxla and it's story line from DW and others, which existed well before this game reboot was never considered to be part of this game release, and if FDev has included any code or game mechanics for Raxxla, it was a complete afterthought based on everyone's feelings derived from previously written lore form previous editions of Elite.

In other words, the lore from previous releases of Elite (1984/86) contained references of Raxxla, therefore the reboot of Elite (2014) must contain, or might include, the same lore and since this is a new release of Elite, the author DB, most likely included or continued the lore of Raxxla in this version of the game, when in fact Raxxla was never considered or included or even thought of, for this release of Elite.

Only after this version of Elite was released, and commanders started writing lore for this version, was the lore of Raxxla revisited. Then some commanders started looking for it, questioning it's existance and only then, a year or two after the game was released, but before Horizons came out, did someone from Frontier, i.e. DB and MB make any statement on the matter, and only to give some vague claim that Raxxla is in the game and only we (Fdev) know where it is.

In conclusion, my opinion is that we all wanted the lore of previous versions to be true and hoped it would be in this new release of Elite, when it never was and never planned by Frontier to be. But as any good rumor, the belief and spread of this fable may have influenced DB and MB to continue this rumor (for marketing and advertising sake), about the game and do something with it in future releases and updates.

I don't believe Raxxla, or the lore of Raxxla currently exists in this game today. There is no proof it exists what-so-ever. DB and MB are just playing on the community's mistaken belief and desire for this to be included in the game, because of nothing more than rumor and previous lore from the previous release of Elite. The community believes in the legend and wants it to be true.

Like the saying goes, when the truth becomes legend, print the legend.

o7....
Click to expand...



I refer you to the conversation between two english gentlemen (David Braben and Drew Wagar) in a pub where R.'s existence was confirmed. What more proof can you have than that ?

sure - take the blue pill if you prefer.