Rochester
Feb 21, 2024
#33,461
Based on the various insights given in this thread over the years, I suspect that there is a strong indication the core of FD was not actually interested in the IP of Holdstock.

Holdstocks book The Dark Wheel was certainly originally a tie in, but his mythology and characters etc were developed totally separately.

I get the strong suspicion that anything related to that book is NOT directly cannon, and probably was only included in ED reverently, by Brookes, I suspect it is reflected only by name or allegory and originally was not intended as a key narrative aspect.

For instance, the Lost Realms zone, is obviously highlighted in the Codex, but it is a large area of systems named after mythical locations utilised by Holdstock, you will not understand this conglomeration of Edens, unless you’ve read Holdstocks books, hence an Easter Egg.

I suspect that zone was introduced under the nose of the core of FD, its description in the Codex an attempt to either point us there (for an unknown reason or narrative) or it’s key to understand the location of Raxxla directly.

I think the problem is; we the audience see Raxxla as a key part of the narrative, I don’t believe the core of FD shared that perspective. I think originally it was a reverential Easter egg, nothing more and it’s blown up into something that contingent hadn’t expected.

So the existence of any original or complex system or mechanism not linked to the removed DW story, I suspect is doubtful.

I do believe post-codex, FD has embraced Raxxla as a larger esoteric mystery, I do believe it is now part of a larger ‘environmental storytelling’ aspect, but originally it wasn’t, at least not at the bequest nor interest of the core of FD.

I postulate that any ‘hints’ in game are going to be very vague, very weird and more akin to the statement that Raxxla is a state of ‘cosmic enlightenment’.

I believe Brookes wrote the Codex, he also wrote all the Gen ship stories, and he probably seeded (indirectly) various nods and winks towards a very large cosmological construct, that Raxxla is tied to directly, a concept which is vast. But ultimately not the official core narrative.

It will have a physical location, but our focus has to be much ‘wider.

I think we are still very close.
Last edited: Feb 21, 2024
Reactions:
Shadowsnog, D7 and selbie