Rochester
Feb 13, 2021
#21,107
Both rabbit hole diving and brute force are justified mechanisms. If there is something to locate.

Brute force: as its described here can be assigned as clinical analysis, of reliable data. Yes most of the galaxy is procedurally generated but if Raxxla is accessible, it is more likely than not to be in a hand crafted system, or there is some other anomalous artifact to identify it.

Bruce forcing (edit) 'Brute' forcing (sorry not Bruce Forsyth! Or maybe it should be?) is effectively 'data collection' and I applaud those Cmdrs dedicated in their endeavours.

Once you have a data set it can be processed to identify patterns, both temporarily and spacial. But and heres the rub, it can also identity intelligence gaps.

Its actually a very straightforward process which can be done by any person using an excel spreadsheet, not necessarily a complex algorythm or calculation.

But your reliance is on your data being reliable.

Rabbit hole diving or Tinfoiling is an altogether different kettle of fish but if utilised correctly, it can uncover other hidden aspects.

You effectively are taking known artifacts from your data, and extrapolating seperate hypothesis, entering cones if plausibility both fowards and backwards casting, to establish a base which may be factual.

Doing so may be used to identify key attributes, hidden in plain sight, maybe even a modus operandi.

The main issue is, it is incredibly open to interpretational bias and an enormous time sink.

However, people are incredibly complacent. They are seriously, dangerously complacent.

Effectively it works off the principle that a person will always leave some pattern within their work, or some key influence and yes these can be put back together.

Altogether, tinfoiling is incredibly foolish without a reliable source of information. And you will paint yourselves into corners...

But if you can admit to yourselves it is madness, and allow yourself to open your ideas up for critical analysis, within a forum of other 'experts'; then such processes may either help identify anomalies or identify areas which are fruitless and should be avoided.

Yes the hunt for Raxxla is more than likely pointless. I for one believe over everything else, and based off my own investigations, both tinfoil and brute force, that its more than likely hidden within the game 'narrative'.

That it will only be revealed once we either stumble upon some clue, or enter another chapter of FDs 10 year narrative. And like every other narrative element, FD will inject or unlock it (that is their modus operandi).

But it doesn't stop me looking. Its foolish, yes its pointless. But Im an old 84 Elite pilot. The nostalgia drives me. I dont play to grind, I dont play to kill, I am an explorer.

The data is incredibly inconsistent. FD are incredibly inconsistent. All our efforts here are probably fruitless because we've only been able to base our ideas on bugs, poor implication, and poor interpretation... supplied by FD.

But the reality is this, I research Raxxla because its an interesting 'mystery'.

My only fear is Frontier is as unimaginative as Ive come to expect, and that Raxxla will be 'injected' into the game like some a terrible Agatha Christie plot...'oh it was really over here all along' (by the way the reference to Agatha Christie is sarcasm, she was a hack, who pulled evidence and modus operandi out of thin air).

But you see whenever I uncover something plausible, it provides me a destination to set my compass by, and then I explore....

Those aimless, potentially pointless light years of travel are no longer obstacles.

Tinfoiling enables me to play the game...its roleplaying...

Bravo to all those mad crackpot Cmdrs out there, you follow that rabbit hole...you know not where it may lead.

Blaze your own trail...
Last edited: Feb 13, 2021
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, [PS4] Filthymick420, Áurum and 6 others