Vektorboson
V
Feb 13, 2021
#21,109
Rochester said:
Both rabbit hole diving and brute force are justified mechanisms. If there is something to locate.

Brute force: as its described here can be assigned as clinical analysis, of reliable data. Yes most of the galaxy is procedurally generated but if Raxxla is accessible, it is more likely than not to be in a hand crafted system, or there is some other anomalous artifact to identify it.

Bruce forcing is effectively 'data collection' and I applaud those Cmdrs dedicated in their endeavours.

Once you have a data set it can be processed to identify patterns, both temporarily and spacial. But and heres the rub, it can also identity intelligence gaps.

Its actually a very straightforward process which can be done by any person using an excel spreadsheet, not necessarily a complex algorythm or calculation.

But your reliance is on your data being reliable.

Rabbit hole diving or Tinfoiling is an altogether different kettle of fish but if utilised correctly, it can uncover other hidden aspects.

You effectively are taking known artifacts from your data, and extrapolating seperate hypothesis, entering cones if plausibility both fowards and backwards casting, to establish a base which may be factual.

Doing so may be used to identify key attributes, hidden in plain sight, maybe even a modus operandi.

The main issue is, it is incredibly open to interpretational bias and an enormous time sink.

However, people are incredibly complacent. They are seriously, dangerously complacent.

Effectively it works off the principle that a person will always leave some pattern within their work, or some key influence and yes these can be put back together.

Altogether, tinfoiling is incredibly foolish without a reliable source of information. And you will paint yourselves into corners...

But if you can admit to yourselves it is madness, and allow yourself to open your ideas up for critical analysis, within a forum of other 'experts'; then such processes may either help identify anomalies or identify areas which are fruitless and should be avoided.

Yes the hunt for Raxxla is more than likely pointless. I for one believe over everything else, and based off my own investigations, both tinfoil and brute force, that its more than likely hidden within the game 'narrative'.

That it will only be revealed once we either stumble upon some clue, or enter another chapter of FDs 10 year narrative. And like every other narrative element, FD will inject or unlock it (that is their modus operandi).

But it doesn't stop me looking. Its foolish, yes its pointless. But Im an old 84 Elite pilot. The nostalgia drives me. I dont play to grind, I dont play to kill, I am an explorer.

The data is incredibly inconsistent. FD are incredibly inconsistent. All our efforts here are probably fruitless because we've only been able to base our ideas on bugs, poor implication, and poor interpretation... supplied by FD.

But the reality is this, I research Raxxla because its an interesting 'mystery'.

My only fear is Frontier is as unimaginative as Ive come to expect, and that Raxxla will be 'injected' into the game like some a terrible Agatha Christie plot...'oh it was really over here all along' (by the way the reference to Agatha Christie is sarcasm, she was a hack, who pulled evidence and modus operandi out of thin air).

But you see whenever I uncover something plausible, it provides me a destination to set my compass by, and then I explore....

Those aimless, potentially pointless light years of travel are no longer obstacles.

Tinfoiling enables me to play the game...its roleplaying...

Bravo to all those mad crackpot Cmdrs out there, you follow that rabbit hole...you know not where it may lead.

Blaze your own trail...
Click to expand...

The problem with brute force is basically that it's a "static" approach. A sector is surveyed at a specific time and the collected data reflects that.
If only one star system has some subtle changes after the survey, then this change will fall through unless different people do their scans at different times. And then afterwards the data mining searches for changes which can be found in journal files.

My personal approach is the "Metroid"-approach. I don't know how many people here know the game "Super Metroid"; pretty early into the game you come across this room (video on youtube):

Source: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0-yGxyJ61I


The room has 4 statues of the bosses in the game; nothing happens when you enter the room, but every time you defeat one boss, the corresponding statue will change its color. After all bosses have been defeated, you gain passage to the final area of the game.
The point is: You encounter this room early in the game, you don't know what this room is about. But as soon as you find a boss, you'll remember: Eh, this boss looks like one of the statues.

For me the Isis-system is such a statue room.

The Isis-star has too low mass for a K-class star. I found other stars where the star has very unusual mass.
The Isis-star has planets with Roman numerals in their name. I found that the Hecate-system has a planet called Harrison XIII, again Roman numeral. The Roman numerals don't correspond to the actual position of the planet in the system (Isis I is actually Isis 3, Harrison XIII is Hecate 2).

This is not diving into a rabbit hole because this is ingame data which is related to other ingame data. This is hard data.
I'm using the rabbit hole to search for new clues and connections; I'm using speculation to test theories and find new clues.

Also after my yesterday session I have another suspicion: The game routes you through clue systems. I wanted to investigate a specific star but I found new strong clues in a different system; a system I would never have visited because of rabbit hole theories. So it's time to find the correct conclusions and connections.
Reactions:
Rochester and CMDR Davanix