Han_Zen
Oct 30, 2018
#4,082
Jorki Rasalas said:
Found my notes from my Premonition analysis. I have:
Patreus playacts a warmonger but is highly intelligent, frequently wore gloves (ceremonially destroyed at end of book-washing his hands of responsibility?); the Imperial leader behind Salomé's prisoner convoy interception enroute to incarceration at Koontz Asylum wore gloves & he then retained Besieger's services for an assassination (Besieger later killed Salomé). The phrase "my dear" frequently used by Patron Gerrun, Infrastructure, & infrequently by Alessia Verdi, President Zachary Hudson, Ambassador Cuthrick Delaney & Emperor Arissa. Tentative conclusion-Infrastructure is Denton Patreus.

also:
The Club (appears to be the true Dark Wheel?)- five individuals making money from traders, exploration, Bounty Hunting, CQC Arena, taxes, tolls, ship & equipment changes, manipulation of the markets and corporations. Use financial incentives and Community Goals to keep people away from their secrets, murdering explorers who discover something. Anticipating Dynasty will be discovered soon, also some other site (probably Unknown Wreck “Pleiades Sector AB-W B2-4 9 A”). Still looking for the necessary detailed exploration data (escape routes), which Salomé has but she is receiving help probably from the Lady (Rebecca) who used to be one of them but is hiding from them:
Infrastructure, male, the 'leader', technology (Denton Patreus)
Finance, female (Ana Quin, Sirius' Junior Vice President of Interstellar Logistics, or Patricia Spellman VP of Sirius Finance)
Exo, male, thin & gaunt, exploration & non-core worlds ()
Personnel, female, small & fierce (Felicia Winters, Fed Shadow President. Came to power rapidly through Halsey & Smeaton incidents)
Society, male, superficially jovial, steely glint, huge frame (not Patron Gerrun! Li Yong-Rui?)
On pages 1021 the author seems to have swapped Infrastructure & Society descriptions, or have I got the two swapped?

it would make sense for Society to be either Patreus or Ambassador Delany, with Infrastructure being Li Yong-Rui. Chapter 3 stated Patreus had a long stride, so he might well be Society, though Patreus nowhere I think is stated as superficially jovial? Of course DW may have mixed them up a little. I see what you mean about Personnel’s words, but I was interpreting this as Infrastructure being Patreus but Patreus is actually his role (in an acting sense) & not his real character...it’s the fact that he’s so fond of gloves that made me prefer him for Infrastructure.

The Club members discus Patreus in third person on several occasions, with Infrastructure present. They talk about him in a negative an condescending way.