Eckee
Jan 9, 2019
#5,058
Is the minor faction TDW confirmed fake? If not, why do we assume so?
Why would TRDW care about the fake one? It's doing great job distracting people from themselves and the fake one is pretty weak so it's not a threat. TRDW is not trying to be on the spotlight.

TDW minor faction is not only in SD, it's also in LFT 926. I think this provides us great opportunity to make them the controlling faction and powerful since SD is hard coded and cannot be controlled by other factions. If it's fake and gains great power, only then TRDW will care about them and maybe make a move. If it's real, it will use its power to find Raxxla. I strongly think that finding Raxxla is only can be done with the help of TDW. It would make them so lame if we find Raxxla with their toast and some other rumors.

And then there's the Thargoid discovery. We didn't just find their bases and fight with them. We found the UAs, other clues, then Frontier added new clues and the story got deeper.
Also Raxxla is probably an atmospheric planet, so we cannot land on it and do stuff yet. And I don't want to see Raxxla or the device laying on the ground of a cold dead planet, like Guardian or Thargoid things do.

August 2018
Head of communications Zac Antonaci did provide some new details on the roadmap for Elite Dangerous in the year ahead.
“A while ago, our development went from pre-production into full production on our next major milestone of Elite development,” Antonaci wrote in the Friday post. “What that means in the simplest terms is that the team are actively working on the next major landmark which takes us into our next era for Elite.” - source and the longer story

Those new Lagrange Clouds behave exactly like clouds on planets. And from 2012(link): David Braben talks about procedural generation and how to create clouds and vegetation, forests etc. Star Citizen also uses procedural generation technology to create cities.

IMHO we should find TDW or at least trigger its storyline. The only thing we really have is the minor faction and we must do something with them, maybe something come up. Frontier added "rumors" into codex and I assume they will use it. If TDW minor faction gets powerful it may trigger something, a crash site, listening post message or else that we can see in the rumors section. Then at the end of the storyline, after atmospheric landins implemented, we can find Raxxla.

Sorry for the rough language.