Aurora Velius
Jul 5, 2021
#23,911
Jorki Rasalas said:
Since we don't have access to the book, I’m still working on the hypothesis that “Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars” is an anagram clue to Raxxla’s location.
I like that idea, but I personally don't think they would use an anagram clue that only works in English. You get very different letters when looking at the codex entry in the other languages, so I am not sure this is what they used to hide a clue. But... one word does not change in number of letters: Astrophel. And by coincidence, if it is that, Andromeda could easily replace Astrophel since it is a name with the same amount of letters. Also, the Omphalos being the rotational axis of an astronomical body could also refer to a neutron star, if you look at their holographic depiction in the ship's HUD when targeted. I still think what we are looking for is probably hidden somewhere in the Andromeda constellation.

There are so many references to the whole myth surrounding that princess within the codex entry, it would be surprising if it had nothing to do with it. The parents are there, surrounding her, as well as the lovers are there too in the form of Andromeda and Perseus. The Tau Ceti reference at the start of the Codex entry could be one as well, since Tau Ceti is in Cetus, which is the monster that they wanted to sacrifice Andromeda to. I find that paragraph is also a bit strange since a random report from some mechanic to be the first recorded version of someone mentioning a popular myth... well, I don't know. Kinda weird. But we get a system name, so that might be the bit of importance there. Either because something is in that system, or the name of the system ties in with/points at the rest of the clues.

I have also been thinking of how finding the right spot could be featured in the game, meaning mechanics. I think it could be similar to wing beacons, in that you suddenly get a spot where it charges up your FSD to jump you to a special instance if you approach it, similar to how you can jump after a wing mate when you have that navigation link option activated while in group.