Aurora Velius
Jul 6, 2021
#23,914
Jorki Rasalas said:
But that hypothesis ignores one clue that signals Sol - the Mars Artefact is a clear hint that aliens travelled to Sol. We don’t have any such indication to support any other hypothesis.
Before I flew out into the Andromeda vector I did look around the various moons in Sol, because I agree with you that Sol containing a Raxxla hint is also a possibility I consider as highly likely, since hiding something directly under our nose, right at home, would be something I could see the devs doing. Since I am not the most familiar with everything regarding that Mars artifact and the alien link to it... was it ever revealed if it was Guardian related? And what about it, other than it was from of alien origin, can be tied to the whole Raxxla search? I think I read somewhere that it is said that the Guardians once inhabited roughly the same bubble/region humans do now. So I always thought that Mars artifact probably is something from them.

Jorki Rasalas said:
Most of the book title can change significantly across various languages
That is why I am thinking it is in the meaning/context and not necessarily in the way it is written, the letters used, etc. All languages have the princess, the name, and stars that spiral/spin. So I am trying to match these elements to the rest of the entry, and then trying to apply it to either Sol or a region of space like Andromeda.

Jorki Rasalas said:
Like Djidjel I find it strange that Ceres is not in-game and have found no FD explanation or lore to explain why.
Agreed, I didn't know Ceres wasn't featured in the game. Hm... I might need to come back to Sol and have a look at those asteroid belts, though I am not sure what to look for exactly. Are there really 8 clusters? Hiding something in them is a possibility, but I assume you would have to get really close to whatever might be there to trigger something.

PS: looked up the asteroid belts/regions in our Sol system, found this interesting depiction on wiki, thought it reminded me of something:

Last edited: Jul 6, 2021
Reactions:
Rochester, simulacrae, Exekrator and 2 others