Jorki Rasalas
Jul 5, 2021
#23,906
Djidjel said:
Maybe the big asteroids are in-game, but in the same way the ancient probes were. Those were found only if you knew where to look and appeared as a signal source only when very close, therefore very easy to miss at high SC speeds unless you were right on top of them. Since there is no lore mention of Ceres (DW posted a pic from FE2 that showed Ceres in-game in 3250, but i heard FE2 isn't canon), and FDev keeps a curious silenzio stampa about the big asteroids I think it's a very good line of investigation. I got this weird feeling about Ceres after I saw some NASA pics of Occator crater, with its bright blue spots (Cerealia Facula - facula means little torch in latin) and the smaller but just as bright Vinalia Faculae in its vicinity.

View attachment 247473

The big problem about finding the big asteroids in the belt is that their orbit has a pretty wide interval, it's hard to cover just by lil' old me.

Another interesting thing I found is that in ancient greek, "omphalos" also means "umbilical cord". Ummm, umbilical cord? Ceres? Her daughter, Proserpina? Both big asteroids, both allegedly missing? Come on, there's too many coincidences here. Either FDev has to 'fess up what they've done with 'em or it's a HUGE clue.
Click to expand...

Mmm, like that photo! Not seen that before.
Does look a bit like a navel doesn’t it! Complete with salt & fluff

Yep, one of my previous hypotheses was that Raxxla is one of the asteroids in Sol’s main belt; it should logically be close to Mars, as I think the Mars Artefact is Raxxla-related. Still believe it’s in Sol, but I searched around the asteroid belt for a long time without results (other than the “green glows” graphical glitch), as have others. Still treating the book title as a potential anagram and will continue to search along those lines for a while. The other meaning of Omphalos is hub/centre, which might indicate rotational axis of an astronomical body, which is where I’m currently focusing. But not had time to play for a couple of days.

I think you have to be very close to “it” for it to instantiate, presumably when you honk. Perhaps we also need to carry a cargo of celery?
Reactions:
Djidjel