Jorki Rasalas
Jul 6, 2021
#23,918
Aurora Velius said:
Before I flew out into the Andromeda vector I did look around the various moons in Sol, because I agree with you that Sol containing a Raxxla hint is also a possibility I consider as highly likely, since hiding something directly under our nose, right at home, would be something I could see the devs doing. Since I am not the most familiar with everything regarding that Mars artifact and the alien link to it... was it ever revealed if it was Guardian related? And what about it, other than it was from of alien origin, can be tied to the whole Raxxla search? I think I read somewhere that it is said that the Guardians once inhabited roughly the same bubble/region humans do now. So I always thought that Mars artifact probably is something from them.


That is why I am thinking it is in the meaning/context and not necessarily in the way it is written, the letters used, etc. All languages have the princess, the name, and stars that spiral/spin. So I am trying to match these elements to the rest of the entry, and then trying to apply it to either Sol or a region of space like Andromeda.


Agreed, I didn't know Ceres wasn't featured in the game. Hm... I might need to come back to Sol and have a look at those asteroid belts, though I am not sure what to look for exactly. Are there really 8 clusters? Hiding something in them is a possibility, but I assume you would have to get really close to whatever might be there to trigger something.

PS: looked up the asteroid belts/regions in our Sol system, found this interesting depiction on wiki, thought it reminded me of something:

Click to expand...

No, very little revealed about the Mars artefact. In the codex/tourist beacon (0175) it just says found during terraforming, small (child’s hand size) & alien. I infer it’s Guardian because Ram Tah’s decodes indicate Guardian ark ships and Guardian explorers, plus hunting parties. Not so sure about the common areas in galaxy-Guardian bases are a fair way from Sol. Nothing ties the artefact directly to Raxxla, just inference that Raxxla is not a human word, & the lore says Raxxla is associated with aliens, & the artefact is alien. Plus also meta-thinking about the way Fd might have created this easter egg and the lore that would go with it. Hence my belief that Raxxla is a Guardian ark ship, which may be Ceres or one of the other large asteroids. There may well be other alien species in-game, but of the two we currently know of I think the Mars artefact is more likely to be Guardian than Thargoid, given the size.

The FSS in Sol shows a number, and I think its 8, for the asteroid clusters. There is difficulty in tying that number to the “asteroid clusters” which can be found flying around the location of the asteroid belt. One of the probes (Voyager?) flew past several (8?) asteroids so it seems the FSS asteroid number might be a tribute to that. When you find one of those clusters your location in the orrery view has jumped by about 13 segments around the belt, when you fly out of that cluster your location in the orrery view returns to what it should be. Seems to be a bug in the orrery view, whether it is intentional way of capturing our attention we don’t know. No Ceres is not featured in-game, but given its prominence (first one found) and size that is the question. Is it hidden (like “ TDW stealth station”) or is there lore that it was used to supply the water fir Mars terraforming (in which case where is that lore?), is its absence just a programming effort decision, or what? Its absence is suspicious, but we don't know why.
Last edited: Jul 6, 2021
Reactions:
Crimson Echo and Rochester