Thatchinho
Jan 13, 2021
#20,333
Italianoblack said:
So, I'll admit, I am fairly new to the Raxxla stuff, I've mainly been doing the normal stuff in the game, exploring for rank and mining. I got to a bit of a "dead end" in as much that I didn't know what to do next, and I started to unlock the guardian stuff, which leads to more interest in joining the Thargoid war etc. and naturally you come across Raxxla. I've watched a lot of videos and read a lot, but I'm still processing a lot of what I read. I tend to agree, it's probably far easier than is generally thought and that FDev havent released it into game yet.

With that said, I was discussing the game with someone totally blank, someone who's never played it. And I was saying, that the more you dig the more you appreciate the work to the stories FDev have put in and that there are a lot of instances where Greek Mythology comes up. I said in a throwaway line "I wonder what the Odyssey expansion will do, I wonder if it will move the story forward". The reply was a raised eyebrow and said "Odyssey, as in Homer's poem, the Odyssey".

Now, this has got me thinking....

Is Raxxla, a settlement of remaining Guardians, who fought in the Thargoid wars (or other war)? Or did the Guardians think of the Thargoids as gods?
- The story of Odyssey begins at the end of the Trojan War, where the King, Odysseus, has not yet returned, because he angered Poseidon. (This is where I am thinking Thargoid War or Thargoids as gods)

Or is Raxxla, a Guardian living among us?
- In Homer's Odyssey, Odysseus returns to Troy and lives for a period undercover. During the telling of the Trojan Horse story he reveals himself. Then shares his stories about his return to Troy.
-- The Thargoids are interested in occupied escape pods, are they trying to find the Guardian?

In the story of his return, Odysseus speaks of a cave, in a lush uninhabited island, where he and his men enter a cave with all the food they can eat. On return home Polyphemus seals the cave and starts to eat his men, they devise an escape plan and flee. Could Polyphemus in the story be a Thargoid in the game and then Thargoids are now looking for Raxxla (Odysseus)?

In Homer's Odyssey, Odysseus tells his story to the Phaeacians, who offer him treasure, before the treasure is hidden in a nearby cave. Could these be the theorised aliens we have yet to meet?

The Guardian Sites are grouped, like a "Guardian Bubble", so I wonder if there is anything that indicates a final war that they had, do we know why they abandonded their settlements? Perhaps a search between the Guardian Bubble and the last war area might show up something... Maybe the Cone Sector is the site of this war? (Dunno just speculating now)
Click to expand...
Welcome to the thread! (and to the forums, judging from the join date! )

Some good questions you've got, but a bit of filling in of info would probably be useful.

Let me try to bring you up to speed on a few bits of key info (which you may or may not already know).

Guardian and Thargoid background info:

The mainstream of Guardian civilisation died out around 2 Million years ago (source: out-of-game - David Braben)
That happened as a result of a civilisation spanning, 100 year long civil war (their second as an interstellar species). They largely wiped themselves out in the war, and the survivors of the war were then finished off by the Guardian's AIs. (source: in-game - Ram Tah missions and codex)
There are two 'fate unknown' parts of the Guardian civilisation; their AIs, and a group of Guardians who were exiled in their first civil war as an interstellar civilisation. The exiles were Guardian's who'd adopted brain implants, and were part of a nascent biological/AI singularity before it was stopped after a backlash from other parts of the Guardian civilisation (which in essence is what their first civil war was). (source: in-game - Ram Tah missions and codex)
Prior to the second civil war, the Guardians had a conflict with the Thargoids. This happened after the Guardians occupied a region of space that the Thargoids had seeded with Barnacles previously, to which the Thargoids then returned to find it occupied by the Guardians. (source: in-game - Ram Tah missions and codex)
The Thargoids hadn't arrived expecting a conflict, and though they gained grounds initially, the Guardians won the conflict. (source: in-game - Ram Tah missions and codex)

Other key Thargoid info:

The Thargoids have their own equivalent of what Raxxla is for us - Soontill
Soontill was essentially a very advanced Thargoid planet that was somehow lost by them
Col 70 Sector FY-N C21-3 is a system of significance for the Thargoids (they use it as a positional reference point, and the distance between that system and Merope is used by them as a measure of distance), but we don't know why, or what's there.
Other key info:
Col 70 Sector FY-N C21-3 is effectively right on the boundary of the main Guardian bubble
We (players) had predicted that there had been a Thargoid-Guardian territorial crossover/conflict well before it came out in game via the Ram Tah missions. This was based on the point above, along with an apparent lack of Guardian sites in the Guardian bubble towards that area (and/or the Witchhead Nebula). The prediction then got further substantial supporting evidence when the hostile reaction of Thargoid tech to Guardian tech was later observed in game.

See post covering the extent of the main Guardian bubble here: https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8860772

Col 70 Sector FY-N C21-3 is approximately at the 7 o'clock point on the circle. (It's actually effectively inside the circle slightly as the circle represents a sphere, and Col 70 Sector FY-N C21-3 is at a point on the underside of the sphere, if that makes sense).

(This might all be slightly OT for the Raxxla thread, but who knows! It's all info, anyway, and there's no telling what is and isn't connected! )
Reactions:
Exekrator, Tibercov83, Macros Black and 3 others