Thatchinho
Jan 13, 2021
#20,335
Áurum said:
What was the second Guardian civil war about?
Needs a bit of background to explain.

It's all based in the Guardian's deep rooted views on nature and tech. Loosely the Guardians are biological tech orientated, but with a vast spectrum of views on it.

AIs, though not bio were generally considered a proper part of Guardian society.

Much stronger views were held against Guardian self-modification using electronics and mechanics.

So, what you have is:
The development of AIs
A relatively small part of Guardian society adopting electronic/mechanical modifications, in particular brain implants
Those resulting in an increasing developmental pace, but with a corresponding gap between that small part of Guardian society and those not involved
A backlash due to that gap, and an exacerbation of existing attitudes
A resultant conflict, in which the Guardians who were part of that technological development revolution were exiled
The AIs however, remained. (Speaking in general anyway, it's not clear whether some may have gone with the exiles. The capability of AIs to transfer themselves into brain implants is specifically mentioned, so they certainly could have done.)

So what's left at that point, is the Guardians who didn't adopt brain implants, etc. There's still however a broad spread of attitudes within that, but the more extreme anti-tech end has gone from being a form of traditionalism to being an active religion and become much more established and powerful.

The second civil war then comes about over the fate of the AIs.

Essentially, a section of Guardian society, though against electronic self-modification still see the AIs very much as being part Guardian society. Another section has become more extreme and anti-AI, and fundamentalist in nature.

In amongst that is also the AIs themselves who have seen their own vulnerability made very clear and are trying to establish a form of safe existence for themselves. (There's also some form of distinction in the nature of the AIs - there's civilian ones, but also military ones which were developed as part of the conflict against the Thargoids. It's not completely clear but it's likely that it was the civilian ones who were trying to develop an independent existence, as the military ones would already have had it to some extent.)

The whole situation gets more extreme, with the split emerging throughout Guardian society, and eventually turning into a civil war. With such a deep division within their entire society, the conflict erupts within individual cities (or city-states, which is what seems to be their general societal/political model) rather than between stellar systems, and it rapidly engulfs their entire civilisation.
Reactions:
dysonl, Áurum and [PS4] Filthymick420