[Diplomacy] Carnegie
Jul 26, 2019
#9,817
Edelgard von Rhein said:
My apologies again for the long text: I'll spoiler out the longer paragraphs (more than 2 lines).

I think the discreet aspect is important and, in this context, it means that TDW can give someone the mission without their identity being discovered. The Premonition quote also says that they don't advertise on the mission board in plain sight.

SPOILER

The Codex entry says that the TDW only approach people with a mission once the criteria have been met but there is a flaw in TDW's reasoning in using a 'normal' mission, even of the above types, as a test of skill and courage. This is that the above missions can all be completed without skill or courage.



There is also the problem of what happens when someone is invited and puts video of it all, and TDW archive on their station, up online. What is the point then of joining them?

Ultimately, The Dark Wheel's biggest problem is that of any player group: why do you want to join up with these people?
Click to expand...

I think that (as usual) we're reading too much into the specific text of the Dark Wheel Codex entry. The key point is that they recruit, rather than being discoverable, and the 'skill and courage' part is simply flavor. We're playing a game here, so 'courage' really can't be a part of any actual criteria since it's unmeasurable.

As for getting the attention of explorers - Universal Cartographics is the obvious interface point. All it needs is to generate a message in the players inbox when they've met whatever the criteria are. Putting something in the Mission Board runs the risk of being ignored by everyone, not just explorers.

I don't see a problem with people working out the conditions required for a TDW unlock. It's not like it's going to give anything other than a permit and (hopefully) some indication of how/where to find Raxxla. However, I also don't believe anything we can see in the stats page is being used to trigger it.
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein and [PS4] Filthymick420