CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jun 19, 2023
#30,691
Rochester said:
The recent disappearance of the Dedicant, is an interesting occurrence.

For some time now, its felt to me and others obviously, that the existence of the Far God Cult is likely very much, an invention of Michael Brookes (RIP) due to its strong Lovecraftian themes.

Only recently was I sadly made aware of the system ‘Ross 788’ which is home to the station ‘Brookes Abyss’, named specifically after Brookes himself.

I find this interesting because ‘Ross 788’ is ‘relatively’ close when viewed in context to the Yggdrasil systems, to two systems namely the system ‘Hel’, which in Norse mythology is both a physical location and a personified deity and ‘Nastrond’ a place in Hel.

Ross 788 controlling faction currently is the ‘’, this same faction is required to obtain the permit for the locked system ‘’.

This I feel gives added semblance of relevance to the ‘’ wider theory, but potentially identifies the placement might hold some other unknown relevance due to it relative close proximity to other system’s identified by the disappearance of the Dedicant.

The Dedicant, disappeared from the ‘’ system, which is relatively close to the system grouping of ‘‘ another M Brookes dedicated system utilised in his story ‘Elite Legacy’ (which I feel has relevance because of the reference to a ‘child’s story’ in that book).

May I remind you these systems are suspiciously also close to ‘’ home of the mythical ‘’ and itself very, very close to ‘’ home of ‘Marianne's Journey to Arcadia’ (a potential candidate for ‘Princess Astrophel / Mary Sidney).

The system ‘has a link to ‘Ahti’ via its moon ‘and generally it’s ‘Disciples of Maarg’ has a very strong ‘TharGod’ cult vibe about it!

Some way off, but still relative is the system ‘HIP 114458’, home of the Generation Ship Achlys (death mist). Which I feel is linked to the path of Jacques… (is this linked also?).

We also have a potential commonality between Ross 788, Popontia and Shibboleth.

In Ross 788 there is the planet ‘’ which means ‘devotion’, the ‘’ likewise means ‘a person who devotes or dedicates’ and ‘’ means ‘a custom, principle, or belief distinguishing a particular class or group of people’. All of which sound very suspiciously similar.

This gets my GIS mind whirring, is it all related? Who knows; but for now at least I do feel the placements of Brooke’s systems are and have a wider context.

I will be monitoring the narrative around the Dedicant, because I have my suspicions its destination will undoubtedly be revealed by FD over the course of the next couple of weeks either by some story arc or CG.

I’m not particularly concerned with actually discovering it, rather instead in understanding the relevance of it’s destination and it’s path of flight locality, in relation to the above hypothesis and what else might be identified - if anything?

Off to Ross 788 to pay my respects.



Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
You may want to use INARA's Data > Search Nearest functionality and search for either station type "Installation (Unauthorized)" or "Outpost (Unsanctioned)". The unauthorized installations especially have Lovecraftian naming schemes. That said, I believe a number of the older non-dockable surface sites have varying states such as abandoned and varying states of use or disuse. That said, there is very much a secret underworld of sites right under our noses. Also, pay attention when docking at outposts if you are in the Bubble. There are some that have a red pirate insignia on the large antenna for the outposts. Details matter. I have sadly not done a terribly thorough deep dive into these given a lot of the initial research was just establishing how much of the older lore was directly or indirectly included.

NOTE: The Hermit bases (aka asteroid bases) are themselves a part of that underworld. Keep in mind, they were most likely created by whomever built the Dredgers. This also has the implication that humans were way the hell out by the 2800s (earliest date on Dredgers).
Last edited: Jun 19, 2023
Reactions:
Hanerib