Darrack
Jun 17, 2023
#30,690
Rochester said:
The recent disappearance of the Dedicant, is an interesting occurrence.

It has felt to me and others obviously, that the existence of the Far God Cult is very much an invention of M Brookes (RIP).

Recently I was made aware of ‘Ross 788’ which is home to the station ‘Brookes Abyss’, named specifically after M Brookes himself.

I find this interesting because ‘Ross 788’ is ‘relatively’ close to the Yggdrasil system ‘Hel’, which in Norse myth is both a physical location and a personified deity. This I feel gives some semblance of relevance to the ‘Yggdrasil’ wider theory, but potentially identifies the placement might hold some unknown relevance due to it relative close proximity to other systems?

Some way off, but still relative is the system ‘HIP 114458’, home of the Generation Ship Achlys (death mist). Which I feel is linked to the path of Jacques… (is this linked also?).

The Dedicant, disappeared from the ‘’ system, which is relatively close to the system grouping of ‘‘ another M Brookes dedicated system (utilised in his story ‘Elite Legacy’.

May I remind you these systems are suspiciously close to ‘’ home of the mythical ‘Sampo’ device and itself relatively close to ‘’ home of ‘Marianne's Journey to Arcadia’.

And likewise the system ‘which might be linked to ‘Ahti’ and generally has a very strong ‘Thar God’ cult vibe about it.

All of which gets my GIS mind whirring, is it related? Who knows; but for now at least I do feel the placements of Brooke’s systems are and have a wider context.

I will be monitoring the narrative around the Dedicant, because I have my suspicions its destination will undoubtedly be revealed by FD over the course of the next couple of weeks.

I’m not particularly concerned with actually discovering it, rather instead in understanding the relevance of it’s destination and it’s path of flight locality, in relation to the above hypothesis and what else might be identified?



Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
Pretty much all pagan religions are one, we just have different names for gods and realms but unlike our Northern brothers and sisters we Druids didn't write anything down from the early years.
Most wiki's etc don't mention that although we don't have a creation story as such (Celts that is) the 'Tree' is one defining sacred symbol (Druid is derived from it).
Yggdrasil, in some groves views is a direct decedent of 'Bile' the creation tree which everything is said to have come from and later supported the realms that pagans regardless of their geographical region, came to believe in.
Not saying its relevant in any way and there are many discrepancies in the stories (most notably Bile being an Oak!!).

O7
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, simulacrae and Rochester