Rochester
Jun 17, 2023
#30,689
The recent disappearance of the Dedicant, is an interesting occurrence.

For some time now, its felt to me and others obviously, that the existence of the Far God Cult is likely very much, an invention of Michael Brookes (RIP) due to its strong Lovecraftian themes.

Only recently was I sadly made aware of the system ‘Ross 788’ which is home to the station ‘Brookes Abyss’, named specifically after Brookes himself.

I find this interesting because ‘Ross 788’ is ‘relatively’ close when viewed in context to the Yggdrasil systems, to two systems namely the system ‘Hel’, which in Norse mythology is a personified deity similar to the deity Hecate which is also a system very close by; and ‘Nastrond’ a place in the underworld.

Ross 788 controlling faction currently is the ‘Defence Party of Nastrond’, this same faction is required to obtain the permit for the locked system ‘Nastrond’.

This I feel gives added semblance of relevance to the ‘Yggdrasil’ wider theory, but potentially identifies the placement might hold some other unknown relevance due to it relative close proximity to other system’s identified by the disappearance of the Dedicant.

The Dedicant, disappeared from the ‘Popontia’ system, which is relatively close to the system grouping of ‘Artemis‘ another M Brookes dedicated system utilised in his story ‘Elite Legacy’ (which I feel has relevance because of the reference to a ‘child’s story’ in that book).

May I remind you these systems are suspiciously also close to ‘Ahti’ home of the mythical ‘Sampo device’ and itself very, very close to ‘LTT 606’ home of ‘Marianne's Journey to Arcadia’ (a potential candidate for ‘Princess Astrophel / Mary Sidney).

The system ‘Shibboleth‘ has a link to ‘Ahti’ via its moon ‘Kyllikki’ and generally it’s ‘Disciples of Maarg’ has a very strong Far God Cult vibe about it!

Some way off, but still relative is the system ‘HIP 114458’, home of the Generation Ship Achlys (death mist). Which I feel is linked to the path of Jacques… (is this linked also?).

We also have a potential commonality between Ross 788, Popontia and Shibboleth.

In Ross 788 there is the planet ‘Galava’ which means ‘devotion’, the ‘Dedicant’ likewise means ‘a person who devotes or dedicates’ and ‘Shibboleth’ means ‘a custom, principle, or belief distinguishing a particular class or group of people’. All of which sound very suspiciously similar.

This gets my GIS mind whirring, is it all related? Who knows; but for now at least I do feel the placements of Brooke’s systems are intentional and have a wider context.

I will be monitoring the narrative around the Dedicant, because I have my suspicions its destination will undoubtedly be revealed by FD over the course of the next couple of weeks either by some story arc or CG.

I’m not particularly concerned with actually discovering it, rather instead in understanding the relevance of it’s destination and it’s path of flight locality, in relation to the above hypothesis and what else might be identified - if anything?

Off to Ross 788 to pay my respects.



Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10125313

Considering Michael Brookes book Elite Legacy, and it’s relation to the Artemis system, the associated Hecate system is strangely close to Ross 788.

The Defence Party of Nastrond is synonymous with a snake/serpent namely Níðhöggr, which is the name of one of its systems planets, and the underworld as the ‘corpse shore; Hectate likewise was synonymous with the underworld and gateways, crossroads, keys and held a snake.



*next point in story: LP 714-58 system
Thread 'GALNET - THE HUNT FOR THE DEDICANT - 20 JUL 3309 ( PFA )'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/galnet-the-hunt-for-the-dedicant-20-jul-3309-pfa.618546/
Last edited: Jul 24, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and simulacrae