Han_Zen
Oct 2, 2018
#3,731
Jaiotu said:
Obfuscated implies something deliberately hidden. Dyson Sphere? Or merely deliberately omitted from Universal Cartographic's records?

There is an interesting bit in Imprint about the way GalCop limited pilots from going outside their systems:
"To make spacing affordable, basic models tended to be spartan, utilitarian creatures. Manufacturers made their profits on development and expansion, as well as from areas like Quirium tariffs. The market for inter-system jumpers was a second generation one. The first generation had been epitomised by the Starseekers and Founds that left old Earth in the 25th century in Earth time. The second generation of ships were available with fly-by-wire systems for jump. Hood had the GalCop Galaxy One approved plateau of systems already installed in his navigation units when he had bought his Cobra. Once GalCop had reconnoitred Galaxy One and began to colonise throughout the systems, they realised that by using the available knowledge of the galaxy they could introduce a bespoke jump map of GalCop worlds. It had been an important phase in GalCop history. Drives with the kick but not the brains reduced the expensive navigational processing equipment needed to plot and control jumps. There were numerous associated benefits. Nearly all spacers were now limited to activity inside GalCop boundaries which conveniently reduced interaction with other planetary federations or general over-expansion which GalCop might be unable to consolidate. Planets that were not designated as inter-system reception worlds were left off the jump map, as were a number of 'secret systems' and systems which were still undergoing monitoring and exploration under GalCop's after-the-fact conscience policies."

Scource: http://www.dream-ware.co.uk/elite/books/imprint/

The Pilots Federation is a descendant of the old 'GalCop Space Licensing Authority'. It's possible that they are still up to the same tricks.

There is also an indication in Imprint, that Elites could get greater freedom in movement:
"I've been offered an Elite commission", said Meridian, her face falling serious again.
A third generation ship. Special operations. I get retrained in full jump navigation and a fully fitted Constrictor Mk II".

This may be a reason for Alex Ryder's need to become Elite.