Jaiotu
Feb 17, 2019
#6,069
Jorki Rasalas said:
Ah thanks J, I’d forgotten Premonition, and don’t remember that revelation at all. Must read the books again. Want my young clone Tyko to revisit these mysteries, after he’s got his ships engineered.

Mmm, being pedantic how do we know that woman talking about TDW was Rebecca? I always thought she was Alessia Verdi, especially since it was hinted somewhere she was Luko’s daughter and Luko may have been TDW. If Salomé was involved in TDW then he probably inducted her.

[edit: just checked in Premonition. The spiky-haired woman was aboard Rebecca’s ship, the old cobra “Cor Meum Et Animam” at Tionisla graveyard but so was Rebecca-the old lady Salomé had met in the hospital. So the spiky-haired woman is in TDW, not (necessarily) Rebecca. Since she was clearly associated with Rebecca I assumed she was another clone?]

You could be right in that the reptilian creature on the medallion is representative of the original Raxxlans, but I thought it was fan fiction with no basis in lore? Didn’t someone own up to being the designer? If it was DW then I could be convinced that it’s related, but I still think TDW lost (according to AHTW never had?) the location of Raxxla, so the Codex TDW toast is far more likely to lead to their hidden base station, and not to Raxxla.

and since we’re considering lore then as TDW’s symbol is a wyvern or a dragon surrounding the Elite symbol which I believe someone said is a griffin. Anyone know any lore about that combination of mythical beasts?

@Scytalle- are you sure the psychoninjapenguin actually left? You never know where ninjas are!
Click to expand...

The spiky-haired woman is almost certainly intended to be Elyssia Fields from the original Dark Wheel novella.

The Dark Wheel medallion is canon. It was mentioned in Galnet and appears in Premonition. The description of the medallion in Premonition matches the fan-fiction image that has been circulating about for years. I assume that Drew had that graphic in front of him while he was writing the description so it is safe to assume that the graphic itself is, for all intents and purposes, nearly canon itself.

As for whether the woman talking is Alessia Verdi or Rebecca ... I've always assumed Rebecca. The description seems to match. It can't have been Alessia Verdi though. The opening lines from the Children of Raxxla short story preclude that possibility. Alessia introduces herself and goes on to say that the events in the story occurred before she got involved with The Children of Raxxla:

"I am Alessia Verdi. You won't have heard of me. That does not matter. I am not very important in this tale, though I had my part to play in what happened.

I did not meet all of the people mentioned here. This occured before I was involved."