Noobilite
Feb 16, 2019
#6,063
Jorki Rasalas said:
Ah thanks J, I’d forgotten Premonition, and don’t remember that revelation at all. Must read the books again. Want my young clone Tyko to revisit these mysteries, after he’s got his ships engineered.

Mmm, being pedantic how do we know that woman talking about TDW was Rebecca? I always thought she was Alessia Verdi, especially since it was hinted somewhere she was Luko’s daughter and Luko may have been TDW. If Salomé was involved in TDW then he probably inducted her.

[edit: just checked in Premonition. The spiky-haired woman was aboard Rebecca’s ship, the old cobra “Cor Meum Et Animam” at Tionisla graveyard but so was Rebecca-the old lady Salomé had met in the hospital. So the spiky-haired woman is in TDW, not (necessarily) Rebecca. Since she was clearly associated with Rebecca I assumed she was another clone?]

You could be right in that the reptilian creature on the medallion is representative of the original Raxxlans, but I thought it was fan fiction with no basis in lore? Didn’t someone own up to being the designer? If it was DW then I could be convinced that it’s related, but I still think TDW lost (according to AHTW never had?) the location of Raxxla, so the Codex TDW toast is far more likely to lead to their hidden base station, and not to Raxxla.

and since we’re considering lore then as TDW’s symbol is a wyvern or a dragon surrounding the Elite symbol which I believe someone said is a griffin. Anyone know any lore about that combination of mythical beasts?

@Scytalle- are you sure the psychoninjapenguin actually left? You never know where ninjas are!
Click to expand...

I think the reptilians have to do with raxxla predating elite dangerous. It's the original version from outside the game from some fantasy/sci fi art book going over the concept that I think raxxla in game is a tribute or something too.

Ko Shiji said:
The Dark Wheel image on page 1...



... looks like a ship, not a station. Compare to this, recently posted images of generation ship Odysseus, orbiting Ross 859 B 1. The thickness of the Dark Wheel "station" ring and structure elements look like the last ring of the ship. And even the star looks similar.

That ship is also the only ship I have seen with 6 spokes instead of 5. Just like the raxxla image. All of the raxxla images relate to station interiors or the system map. This is the first new object that I have seen that also has similarities. Does it have a station access front, Potentially a closed one. That would fit the raxxla symbol perfectly.

If generation ships all have 6 spokes then that makes generation ships a big target in the raxxla hunt. If not this one should be considered a potential suspect.
Last edited: Feb 16, 2019