Noobilite
Feb 17, 2019
#6,071
Ko Shiji said:
Imgur Album.

Image 1 shows how close the two planets (Ross 859 B 1,2) are to each other and to the star. The ship orbits planet 1, and in theory it would be possible to get planet 2 between the ship and the star, similar to the Dark Wheel shot, but unfortunately the ship's engines seem to always point towards planet 1, and it's impossible to get just the engine section and planet 2 pointing at the star, without the close surface of planet 1 showing.

The ship is within the orbital flight radius of planet 1 (orbital flight UI activates). Best way to take screenshots is to set your ship horizontal to the surface of planet 1 (hover mode), and then fly around with the camera. Ross 859 B 1 is a 1g world, so trying to fly your ship around to take screenshots is as difficult as landing on a high-g world.

EDIT: There are multiple other images of it; Canonn has some, the wiki has a 360 movie with the logs as sound, and I've seen a couple youtube videos.
Click to expand...

Out of curiosity when you went there did you try turning off your engines and seeing where it took you? The grav well was strong enough in my anaconda to pull me until I went 500m/s and seemingly floated to towards the middle of the two planets.

And I thought of something interesting. Probably been said before, but a place that is not a place from game terms could be an asteroid belt.(Are the asteroids from the asteroid belt in sol missing btw?!) Some stuff says it's not in game. I wonder if you just have to manually find it. 8)

And the alchemy gold symbol thing is interesting. I saw something that referenced gold but can't remember. Raxxla could easily be related to the philosophers stone.

And early I mentioned another thing near tionisla or something. It was the beacon about the partially decripted message and the thing about a women riding a giraffe. Has anyone fit that into the sonnets or found anything that could be referencing?

https://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDange...us_transmission_partially_decoded_galnet_101/

I have to finish scanning sol(just got the permit) and go out to KM Cassiopiea and scan that large star cluster finally. And visit a certain large red exploded star on the way. Not to mention the hot dogs near orion, california, and barnards nebula. Did anyone realize there is a stream of 2mass comming out of barnards nebula like how they go through orions nebula?

I'm assuming this is a glitch, but Jupiter when targeted tries to scan it over and over again..

Edit: Does anyone realise we have the power to control all factions fundamentally and hence all politics in the game... It's just kind of dawning on me. We can determine any factions influence.
Last edited: Feb 17, 2019