Jorki Rasalas
Feb 17, 2019
#6,078
Noobilite said:
I was watching that video and then watched this video:

Did it dawn on anyone we are potentially in such a situation where an exodus could become needed.

Another idea. Is FD releasing content solely on when and how we discover stuff in game or is it just based on other criteria?! People figured out formadine and then eventually get get megaships released and now bigger similar ships. Maybe we have to figure out puzzles to get other content or something odd. Did anything happen that might make the guardian or thargoids make sense from a player driven perspective. I'm assuming that might just be them appearing as the games main antagonist. Although it could be either or both.

It mentions them needing waypoint and a conspiracy. What if all the mega ships and other gen ships are the same thing. It said something about zones. What does it look like when you look at the locations of all known gen ships. Especailly the ones with dead crew. Maybe the placement is a part of something. Could go to raxxla or other deeper activity. It's blatantly pointing to something like that. Is the formadine ship that different from the gen ships?
Click to expand...

This is all about the Dynasty plot which was the FRift mystery. That is DW’s storyline and he has said he knows nothing whatsoever about Raxxla.

I think the timing of FD operations involve both aspects, and is also affected by the player base by various CG results. FD have their planned timeline, but have had to alter it to cater for player actions & inactions/failure to find things; seem to remember MB explicitly said as much. It was clear that the FRift storyline was hurried at the end, I think to the point that DW had to invent a signal that was detected by the Hamsters that led to the location of Zurara because the FRift search hadn’t found her. The giraffe clue was also an additinal hint. I think this was because the failure to find Zurara and release the details of the Dynasty plot was holding up the thargoid storyline which was FD’s own & they were getting impatient.

Zurara was originally a derelict anaconda. DW said FD upgraded her to a megaship when those were introduced, presumably to make it a better find and because they were proud of the megaship objects.

You make some interesting points. Have you tried plotting the genship locations in galmap and testing your hypotheses?
Last edited: Feb 17, 2019