simulacrae
Sep 10, 2024
#34,760
El Saico said:
Contemporary astronomers have already drawn a mountain in our sky:
Mensa (constellation) - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org
Lacaille was on his Cape Town observatory when he charted a bunch of Southern Hemisphere constellations, and decided to homage the nearby Table Mountain; so named because of its flat top. It's near the Magellanic Clouds (right beside the LMC, in fact) because of the Cape of Good Hope's association with them - more Age of Discovery stuff!

Also, two other mountains flank its Earthly counterpart: the Devil's Peak and Lion's Head.

...and Alpha Mensae was renamed ingame - it's none other than the perma-locked . Huh.
Click to expand...

I am really liking this idea of Witches Reach.... I see Table Mountain has an extensive cave network....

A little on what I have been trying to do and how I think it ties in…. Continuing on from my earlier post looking at Holdstock and the Twin Peaks/ Battlesite – graveyard. I think the Twin Peaks that Holdstock references in his book “Where the Time Winds Blow” - are a reference to Mount Parnassus (and also the Phaedriades).

The Phaedriades (the shining ones) are a pair of cliffs located lower down the slope of Mount Parnassus. Mount Parnassus also has twin peaks and is described by Ovid as “The twin peaked mountain called Parnassus” in his “Metamorphoses” and of course what lies in the valley below – Delphi.

Im doing a comparison of mythic landscapes – between the ancient greek landscape around Parnassus and the mythic landscapes created by Holdstock relating to his Time Winds...

SPOILER: THE DETAILS


















So there are several strings to pull on from this… but I started with the Maenids from FFE. They were located in Essfafa. Which is supposedly a Type G Star with an economy of Farming and Tourism and has atleast two planets Jones Colony or Jones Planet, and Wheelhead. Wheelhead is of course what I was interested in. Essfafa is somewhat close to Aldebaran in the FE2 map. So I spent the last few days wandering around that area. Alot of interesting named planets… And No I didn’t find Essfafa… But I did take a hard look at Ross 33.

Ross 33. Ive been looking for systems with 33 in the name… think Raxxla Logo. It has one planet - Grüne Hölle… Green Hell. It has the right color and its a Hell…. Oh and its a heavy gravity world…. Like Persephone in the Sol system… But it also has a station orbiting Grüne Hölle named Crown City. Which does make me think of once again Ariadne’s Crown – the Corona Borealis. Alphekka is not only the shiny gem (Gemma) in the crown, but it is also Asteroth, oh and ya Ariadne was wed to Dionysos/Baccus…
Reactions:
Ryan -No0delz- Franklin, El Saico and Rochester