Louis Calvert
Dec 20, 2023
#32,651
Emperor said:
For me at most it's circumstantial evidence at best... the big thing for me there were rumours all over the place at the time and no one could provide a direct quote and so it was discounted here for a long time and is still quoted on other sites as never being attributed to anyone (pretty sure I pointed out the vid on here for it to be added to page 1 as I spent some time trying to find any direct references to it at the time - Ah, here you go https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8952384 - in response to a Drew post).

Incidentally someone also mentioned that Dj Truthsayer mentioned it but I never found any video to corroborate that, but from memory I think that led me to find the SnappyScaryMousePupper video clip....

And if you track back the forum posts to the person asking about it quoting a reddit post at the time...


Hangman_Matt\Redthorne - you could read this as suggesting they were both there and they don't remember it very well either? (Read in to it what you want!)

I wonder if CMDR Hangman Matt is still playing or both are still on Reddit...lol

...and a link to a post would have been much better than a screen grab, so here it is:



I did see another post somewhere from someone else mentioning they were there at the time too, but from memory it was vague mention not directly supporting the quote so I pretty much ignored it at the time ( would have shot me down for it being vague!).
Click to expand...

Thanks Emperor, I feel much more confident continuing to ignore this 'clue' now It seems clear that this is equivalent to "a bloke down the pub told me that dogs can't look up".

Incidentally: Brookes isn't on the list of attendees for Lavecon 2017. So even that (as per the info on Jorki's post from 2021) is suspect. According to Jorki's quote Ascorbius said he didn't got to 2015 or 2016, so that's... well frankly that seems to immediately mean that Ascorbius clearly didn't see Brookes at a Lavecon Q&A...because Brookes left Elite Dangerous in 2017 for other projects. Edit: To clarify, this statement was June 21st (wednesday), Lavecon 2017 was that weekend (24th), so basically Brookes didn't even announce his leaving at Lavecon, he did it several days before on the forums - so unless Brookes made a surprise appearance, then that's another part of Ascorbius' statement to Jorki that's literally false.

I wonder if it's time to remove that 'clue' from the OP? Or at least add in some additional caveats?

Landscape-Ho!
Last edited: Dec 20, 2023
Reactions:
Emperor