Rochester
Dec 20, 2023
#32,643
Louis Calvert said:
Question for y'all:

How believable/reliable do you find this? https://m.twitch.tv/clip/SnappyScaryMousePupper













I've been thinking about this in relation to the Landscape Signal - which seems to be systems, and therefore patently unvisitable. I got this clip from Jorki's excellent , it says that this comment was allegedly made "during the last Q&A Michael Brookes attended, so Lavecon 2017."

How many people went to Lavecon in 2017 that might still be around and remember Brookes Q&A? Pretty sure if he mentioned Raxxla there must be more than Cmdr Ascorbius talking about it, at a Lavecon! Can't find anything myself other than people repeating the unattributed rumour over and over again.

Obviously it would be lovely to have confirmation that a: Raxxla is a star system (as opposed to being a star system, nebula, rogue planet, etc), and that b: it is/was visitable prior to 2017, presumably still was or why bring it up?
Click to expand...
Uncorroborated singular information is by its nature untested and unreliable.

When information exists in isolation it is open to bias, even if the source is reliable, the less reliable the source the more untrustworthy the information, doubly so if there is motive, for instance for income generation.

There is partial evidence to suggest it’s actually false. If you check there is a partial statement on line (via screen grabs off historical posts which themselves can’t really be trusted) off Brookes saying he didn’t say that.

Either way however likely the information was - on its own is technically worthless; because there is no supporting context, to establish what it could have meant, it’s very open, and FD were known for not being particularly consistent, and that only feeds into the information’s unreliability.

Time is also a factor, this is now ancient history and if likely then it’s equally possible whatever aspects it might have related to has now been amended or removed.

It’s not worth considering In my opinion.
Last edited: Dec 20, 2023
Reactions:
Bushido Brown, Louis Calvert and Darrack