Emperor
Dec 20, 2023
#32,660
Louis Calvert said:
Look back at the livestreams where any official staff mentions Raxxla (especially the 2018 codex reveal), tons and tons of people in chat shout "RAXXLA!" and suchlike.

I'm struggling to hold in my head the image of a room full of Elite super-fans (because it's Lavecon, who else goes?), and Brookes himself dropping bombshells about Raxxla, and then no-one talking about and making videos and podcasts and suchlike immediately after. There's a freaking 34 minute biscuit review video from Lavecon 2017 posted, but I'm really struggling to find anyone talking about this alleged Q&A reveal from Brookes.

IF TRUE - It means that we can automatically discount any theory that doesn't take place in a standard solar system. We can discount anything of the more exotic nature (clearly whoever it was didn't notice anything strange). We also have flat-out confirmation that it wasn't permit locked (as of 2017, presumably) - at least. We can also discount any system that wasn't discovered as of 2017 (so no point looking for undiscovered systems, for example).

That's information. For example it rules out the Landscape Signal, it rules out exotic systems with weird stuff, etc etc. it also means we don't necessarily need to pass tests or carry special objects, or find the Dark wheel, etc.

It seems to me that one of the most reliable ways to 'gain more clues' is to verify this alleged Brookes statement.
Click to expand...
Personally I think this will drive you a little bit crazy... There's some discussion on the Turning the wheel thread about others who were present if you want to keep going down this particular rabbit hole like I did a while back...

"We can also discount any system that wasn't discovered as of 2017 (so no point looking for undiscovered systems, for example)." - Where would you get your information from? external sites only ever had participating CMDRs

and... If someone visited it, they may not have been carrying the right thing or the thing you needed wasn't available at the time and planned for future stories, etc

I get the feeling the most likely explanation was MB was there as he stated he was attending and was not part of any official ED Q&A as he had moved on to his secret project, but as an FD employee was probably in a room with a bunch of people all talking about ED when/if it was mentioned and he probably didn't expect it to create such a buzz or get out to the wider world...

I look at it this way, it's certainly added to the myth...