Emperor
Dec 20, 2023
#32,645
Louis Calvert said:
Question for y'all:

How believable/reliable do you find this? https://m.twitch.tv/clip/SnappyScaryMousePupper













I've been thinking about this in relation to the Landscape Signal - which seems to be systems, and therefore patently unvisitable. I got this clip from Jorki's excellent , it says that this comment was allegedly made "during the last Q&A Michael Brookes attended, so Lavecon 2017."

How many people went to Lavecon in 2017 that might still be around and remember Brookes Q&A? Pretty sure if he mentioned Raxxla there must be more than Cmdr Ascorbius talking about it, at a Lavecon! Can't find anything myself other than people repeating the unattributed rumour over and over again.

Obviously it would be lovely to have confirmation that a: Raxxla is a star system (as opposed to being a star system, nebula, rogue planet, etc), and that b: it is/was visitable prior to 2017, presumably still was or why bring it up?
Click to expand...
For me at most it's circumstantial evidence at best... the big thing for me there were rumours all over the place at the time and no one could provide a direct quote and so it was discounted here for a long time and is still quoted on other sites as never being attributed to anyone (pretty sure I pointed out the vid on here for it to be added to page 1 as I spent some time trying to find any direct references to it at the time - Ah, here you go https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8952384 - in response to a Drew post).

Incidentally someone also mentioned that Dj Truthsayer mentioned it but I never found any video to corroborate that, but from memory I think that led me to find the SnappyScaryMousePupper video clip....

And if you track back the forum posts to the person asking about it quoting a reddit post at the time...


Hangman_Matt\Redthorne - you could read this as suggesting they were both there and they don't remember it very well either? (Read in to it what you want!)

I wonder if CMDR Hangman Matt is still playing or both are still on Reddit...lol

...and a link to a post would have been much better than a screen grab, so here it is:
Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EliteOne/comments/gr9pq2/is_raxxla_even_in_the_game/



I did see another post somewhere from someone else mentioning they were there at the time too, but from memory it was vague mention not directly supporting the quote so I pretty much ignored it at the time (@Jorki Rasalas would have shot me down for it being vague!).

If you bear in mind Raxxla was asked about anytime there was interaction with FD - e.g. Drew asking MB, live streams with DB and MB, etc so I believe MB being asked about it is very likely at every opportunity, but if true, the exact wording would be based on memory and can be affected by many things... e.g. including having a chat after a few beers!

If it is true and fairly accurately remembered, then thing that surprises me is that very few people mentioned at the time backing it up that I've seen over the years and there were also many other meet and greet sessions to ask MB again to clarify?

As with anything on here any information/supposition might trigger an idea for someone to help find Raxxla, so I guess it's only up to the reader/viewer to make their own mind up.... e.g. if nothing has changed with Raxxla over the years it may help narrow the search...... or it may not

@Rochester "There is partial evidence to suggest it’s actually false. If you check there is a partial statement on line (via screen grabs off historical posts which themselves can’t really be trusted) off Brookes saying he didn’t say that." - I haven't seen that so could we add that to Page 1 as the back tracking words may have been chosen wisely?


Also forgot about this.... From the Reddit Post:

"According to the old 4chan leaks, an anonymous Frontier employee said that Raxxla was not in Elite: Dangerous at all. However, during the rising threat of a Thargoid invasion, Frontier was going to use Raxxla as a plot device to teleport every player to Colonia after they burned the entire Bubble down overnight via Thargoids. This plot line was dropped for (what i hope to be) obvious reasons. These leaks also come from 4chan, so take everything with a healthy grain of salt."

- I wondered where I got my Raxxla, Guardian (god), Thargs (Satan), AI, Mars object, bubble burning, Jaques gateway idea from the other day!
Reactions:
Adel and Louis Calvert