HunterwithGreenScales
Apr 17, 2018
#2,263
Ok guys! Theory Time! I got a new one. I'm one in the camp of Raxxla being located deep outside the bubble. Far from inhabited space. Reason being the mention of the famous gateway on/around Raxxla. Since we 'know' Raxxla is in-game its reasonable to believe the gateway is one of those things kept canon in Elite. It being located far doesn't matter for any whom have visited Raxxla as it can take them anywhere (possibly all for inter-galaxy jump to anywhere within the milky way, one-way). As for anyone could have found Raxxla in the first place, need remember that while the jump-ranges of early explorers was pitiful compared to now, smaller ranges doesn't mean nobody explored that far. It just would have taken years!

Now for this theory; i propose that Raxxla could be within the Hyponia Region. The wiki for it has: "Hyponia is a region in the Perseus Arm surrounded by some mystery. Although its southern borders were successfully surveyed during the Daedalus Wing deep space survey mission (March 3301), no ship has been able to enter the Hyponia sectors due to the failure of current FSD and NavCom technology to plot a safe route within its interior". This region is currently permit locked like so many others.

Why Hyponia? Here is what got me thinking: Colonia. When Jaques Station made its now-famous jump across the galaxy, it misjumped thanks to interference by Thargoid Sensor bombing. The Thargoids are said to not only know about Raxxla, but hold it with great reverence. Possibly meaning they have been to it before. Now we don't EXACTLY know what the Thargoids use the Sensors for (the Link and Probe are easy to know), but it could be something planet related. Because Jaques Station was targeting Beagle Point when it was about to make its jump across the Milky-way, the exact means the Sensors could've messed with its instruments (as well as a variety of methods) was redirect the Station's target-lock last second. Redirect it in a sightly different direction. To a certain system it currently couldn't jump to.

True its not a perfect straight line from the Bubble through Colonia to Hyponia, but given the length of the intended jump (and other technical issues with the Thargoid related interference), its not unreasonable to assume that, MAYBE, the sensors tried to send the station somewhere else....

Also the shape of the region resembles a sphere. Like a planet? *Cue X-Files theme*
Last edited: Apr 18, 2018
Reactions:
M. Grey and roryclague