Louis Calvert
Apr 18, 2018
#2,269
Scytale said:
Just this, Shijima. Of course, we ALL know that, but as we like chymeras -hunting... why not "think" they are living hidden underground ?

@Louis
1. I wouldn't , but as top secret sites in RL, maybe THEY have good reasons for it. Reasons we don't know about ... like we didn't know about the Zurara or Wreaken or whatever ...
2. Who says they are retired ? PF ? INRA ? The Club ?
3. Why ? I wish I could ask them ... anyway there is people (not so much ..) on this planet and we can't see their lights in the dark ? Occam .

Anyway it's just another inconsistency of our FDevs, I bet ...

Macros Black said:
Well, the bases are supposed to be secret - "it is rumoured they run secret bases". Not much of a secret if they turned the lights on.

Actually there's a pretty simple explanation for all this that I've just thought of

Founders is Tarraformed - what if that process isn't quite finished yet? It's and ELW sure, and it's got some people living there, but they're in closed-off settlements (essentially whatever settlements were there before the terraforming process), maybe even under-water.

That might explain the pressure issues, the lack of lights and the seemingly less-than optimal rotational period. Maybe in another 50 years the process will be finished, they'll have sped up the rotation a bit, the organic and chemical processes will have equalised the pressure and the settlements can open, people can settle in the open air finally.

Something like that would neatly explain everything really, wouldn' it?

EDIT: Also just thought - option B: Presumably the PF can influence the population numbers for any system they like, it would only take some payments to UC (if they don't already run it). Maybe there aren't 80million people in Shinra, maybe there's only a few hundred thousand, maybe the population number and the myth of people retiring to the planet is there to make it seem like the PF is gigantic (you've got approx 80million "retired" people there, plus the hundreds of thousands of "active" pilots, each one is Elite-ranked. That's surely the equal of any other faction), when in actual fact it's pretty small, just a few hundred thousand at most...
Last edited: Apr 18, 2018