Louis Calvert
Nov 5, 2017
#943
Thatchinho said:
14,000 ly a week with a type 1. Up one arm and down another should have been pretty viable, assuming no >7ly gaps which span an entire arm.

Also 900 yrs of type 0... That's plenty of time to go a long way.

Interstellar colonisation was limited to hyperspace travel being made safe for mass amounts of people. Unmanned probes and individual pilots were going through hyperspace well before that, from it's early days. (From the lore interview DJ Truthsayer did with MB.)

Also Jason Ryder hadn't found Raxxla, he'd found evidence for its existence.

He'd come back from deep space to get a proper team together.

So whatever Jason had found was found in deep space.

Ahh, interesting about Ryder, I mis-remembered that bit

The issue with the Type 0 was that it took Slowboats to go set up the beacons before you can jump to them. So, 900 years still doesn't really equate to going that far. Assuming a decent percentage of light speed you're still looking at what? 1ly per 10 years? 1ly in 5 years? That means an approx bubble of what, max 150-200ly around Sol? assuming near-constant expansion and average expansion speeds throughout. Our own bubble is actually only around that size (not including Colonia or the Pleiades or other outlying isolated colony worlds). It's likely to assume that the expansion wasn't uniform or as rapid as possible, so we might be talking about something like a 50ly bubble using the Type 0?

It says that if you jump without a beacon, it's bad. I guess some people probably did risk it - but then, you'd have to be lucky twice because you'd need to get back from wherever you ended up.

Obviously ED lore may well be retconing a lot of that stuff, so it's entirely possible that now the Type 0 never existed (it was always questionable since it's based entirely on the short story lol).

If we assume the Type 1 was the one we started with, then my only real question is why there isn't more human stuff further out! Tinfoil time.