simulacrae
Oct 26, 2024
#35,111
A fairytale

In the far distant human past there were creatures in space considerably more advanced than ourselves - we saw them as Gods. lets call them Thargoids and Guardians, or maybe Nature God and Storm God. There was a tremendous battle between them where the Storm God defeated the Nature God. It seems the great weapon used to defeat the Nature God was possibly lost at this point. Guardians as Storm God would have used an AI Construct as their weapon - did it possibly become tainted by contact with the Thargoids?.... creating something of a child (children?) of the Storm God and Nature God. ThunderChild?... an AI weapon that was rejected by both Guardians and Thargoids and left.... trapped somewhere?

Ancient myths were created and retold on Earth each emphasizing various aspects and embellishing or forgetting parts of the story... While certain groups.... secret societies kept the knowledge and waited till such time as they could reach the stars... There was no "discovery" about raxxla... people knew atleat something about it for ages... Some were worried about what to do when the Gods return and looked for possible ways for Humanity to escape... Others were fixated on finding the lost/trapped God. All of them wanted power...


Japanese Palmpset

The Cerberus Plague was a nasty outbreak back in 3301 that seemed to start in BD-02 4304. Surprisingly, Ceremonial Heike Tea was found to be a cure and managed to stop the plauge before it spread too far. There are interesting ideas about the Plague itself... but for this - im focusing on Heike. Not the tea.. but the Tale of the Heike, a japanese epic that describes "the struggle betwween the Taira clan and Minamoto clan for control of Japan...."-wikipedia. At the time i thought this was curious but didnt see any connections.

Achenar is home to a moon named Yamaha's Grave. We have no knowledge of any such famous imperial Yamaha who would have been honored by the naming of a moon in the Capital system.... Maybe someone just dropped a Piano from orbit onto the moon as a stunt? I like to belive that it had to do with the makeup of the name Yama Ha meaning Mountain Blade (as in the blade of a sword). There is also the name of the outer station in the system - Kagawa... which means fragrent river (in keeping with Achenar being the Mouth of the River Eridanus). The Kagawa family descended from the Taira clan.

The Sword Scroll in the Tale of the Heike talks about Kusanagi (one of the three sacred treasures) - the sword used by the Storm God to kill the Serpent.
A sword in a stone?

An interesting article on Buddhism and pre modern Japanese Martial Arts.
Reactions:
Rochester and selbie