selbie
Oct 22, 2024
#35,104
SergMx said:
As I recall there was a different story there, some commanders saw Raxxla and didn't realize it was her.
I mean, any of us who see Raxxla won't realize it's her either.
Source: https://clips.twitch.tv/SnappyScaryMousePupper


A direct account from MBs words at the LaveCon Q&A . The system where Raxxla is has been entered at least once by a commander.

There is a high degree of certainty which can be established from this account:
1. Raxxla is not a system - otherwise he would have used the phrasing "Raxxla system" or "Raxxla has been visited".
2. Raxxla exists within a system - MB relates the notion of players visiting the system to its near discovery. As a developer he had access to internal tools and data and was therefore expressing how close players came to finding it.

Louis Calvert said:
This isn't accurate.
Maybe not according to your theoretical framework, however I'm going by evidence such as what the above direct account refers to - Raxxla is within a system and this system has been visited. So, unless FDev slapped a Permit Lock on it post-LaveCon, players can find this system again.

Raxxla is placed at a real, physical, game-world location that we can fly to and visit.

When you say aspects of the lore can allow for Raxxla to be visited but not be seen or interacted with, this also works against your arguments. The White House is on Mars, and I can visit Mars within a system, so therefore I am visiting the system the White House is in. Thus my statement remains accurate.

We cannot visit the landscape signal because it cannot be accessed via any known gameplay methods. The signal is also not a 'defined place' to the degree of accuracy you refer to on planetary bodies. At best it is a narrowed approximation at the scale of lightyear distances. Combined with the above MB account which clearly indicates that Raxxla exists in a system, your notion of "yet" in the conclusion means the signal cannot apply directly to Raxxla - in the sense that Raxxla is creating the signal from this approximated location.

More evidence is needed about the signal's purpose before your theory that Raxxla is the source can be proven as fact. The above account from MB constrains the existence of Raxxla to a place within a system that players can fly to. This means it cannot be the signal as it exists now.

This does not invalidate the signal's relationship to Raxxla but it shows that it can only ever be a signpost on the path to Raxxla and not Raxxla itself.
Reactions:
Han_Zen and Jorki Rasalas