Rochester
Mar 19, 2024
#33,632
My current theory of the toast is.

"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies!”

Identifies the goals location contextually in line with the Miltonian model mapped out in game, the pendant globe, hanging from a golden chain under the Empyrean, just below or upon the outer rim of Chaos - the womb of nature.

I believe its general location is upon the north western side of the outer circumference of Chaos. This is based upon the orientational markers given in Paradise Lost of the exact location of Paradise associated with the Western gate of the Empyrean. I believe someplace along an axis between Thetis and Siren.

The axis for true north as I’ve identified previously is likely surrounded by systems named after Sun gods associated as being the most northern. This might tie-in with the concept of the Empyrean as being the only source of light in that model.

“To the whisperer in witch-space”

In this instance it might be telling us of the Thetis incident, but I think that was a nudge to give this area more prominence, it’s evident the gen-ships were part of the ‘Missing’ update in 2016, so the Thetis incident has been in game prior to the Codex to qualify.

Likewise Thetis is very close to the Northern aspect of the zone of Chaos identified in game.

“the siren of the deepest void”

This I believe is literally the system Siren, it is slap bang in the middle of a triangulation midpoint made up of various systems Brookes mentioned in his Drabbles. It also aligns with a line of sight through the Norse Norns. It’s also along a weird axis drawn by the alignment of Shibboleth which likewise seems aligned with the Brookes tours, a coincidence?

Those last verses both I believe are potentially locational markers that identify 1 axis. And essentially this is the core of the toast, it’s actually giving us, 4 locations, that together form 2 axis, with Raxxla at the midpoint?

“The parent's grief, the lover's woe”

Currently no idea of where this identifies but I believe again this identifies 2 other systems, and that they potentially identify a second axis to be used in conjunction with the first?

I speculate given Thetis and Sirens relative positions those might represent the East and West axis. Is it then possible this second axis is a reference to North and South alignment, so it could indicate those other two systems are relatively above and below the others?

One potential candidate for ‘parents grief’ could be Chronos, which has an obvious link to the Codex due to the use of the term Omphalos. I’d considered it previously but had no other reference points until now to give it enough credibility, it is also in the right location, about half way between Thetis and Siren respectively!

“the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!"

A return to the start of the toast, but re-emphasising it as the goal of the protagonist Satan who was actually described in the verse as being a lost wanderer. This I feel gives great context to the first verse as it might be advocating that we identify potential markers in game for Satans journey?

These I believe are in order in game, the systems Fall, Pandemonium, Bridge, Nyx (Chaos); then upwards to the Empyrean, then to the Pendant globe?

But there are other possibilities - which I have of mind, but which dont tally with this at all.

It remains a mystery - to this day!
Last edited: Mar 23, 2024
Reactions:
selbie and SpaceGoblin