Cmdr Shijima
Jul 13, 2018
#2,982
shroom2021 said:
The bubble I am referring to i discovered on EDSM. Here is the description:
"The Local Bubble is a cavity in the interstellar medium thought to be the result of a supernova explosion within the past ten to twenty million years. Hundreds of light years across, the bubble was created by gas blown into the interstellar medium by stellar winds and eventually expanded even further by the blast waves of a supernova.

The interstellar gas swept up by the expansion of the bubble has later cooled, forming a (relatively) dense shell of gas and dust around the cavity. The Solar System lies near the center of this old supershell, whose boundaries can be traced by a sudden rise in dust extinction of stars at distances greater than a few hundred light years.

The Local Bubble interstellar cavity does not coincide entirely with 'the inhabited bubble' - the vast sphere of star systems centered on the Sol system, that has been settled by humanity. Even so the two regions are in fact close enough to avoid most misunderstandings when referring to 'the bubble'.

The Local Bubble should however not to be confused with the very small spherical volume of unrestricted space that was opened for independent pilots in early 3300, following an extended period of severe restrictions to independent space travel. This small sector of space is also sometimes refered to as ´The Bubble´."


This doesn't make a lot of sense to me. Unless I've misunderstood what EDSM is getting at, I don't see any real evidence of a 'cavity' that exhibits a star density different from other parts of the Orion Spur, or any outer arm for that matter.

While it is indeed possible that a supernova could have seeded an area of space, thereby creating new star formation, it would most certainly have to be older than 20M years otherwise we would still see signs of it (Sol is over 4 billion years old after all). 20M years is certainly nowhere near enough time to account for most stars in the "inhabited bubble".

I don't think it's a very well written piece if information if I am to be honest. I simply don't get what they are trying to describe, or if it is even a real thing in astronomy?
Reactions:
Jaiotu