{SAS}Stalker
Feb 8, 2021
#20,981
Jorki Rasalas said:
You’re suffering Space Madness, due to an excess of grind!
Just smile, be happy! pour yourself a Lavian brandy, power down your ship, switch on the TV and watch something entertaining. Or read a good book. Or go for a walk (but wrap up well cos it’s pretty darn cold out there this morning! The copawlot got dragged around a bit faster than usual on his morning EVA!)

What we are searching for cannot possibly match the overblown hype that has been bandied about. It is just an Easter egg, nothing more, hopefully visually really cool, but no gateway to another universe or treasures or aliens. That was all hype based on overblown player expectations from the original novella. FD haven’t promulgated that hype, they just refuse to talk about it.

Now I think the playerbase has currently discovered around 0.01% of the systems in the game universe (though come to think of it there might be another decimal place in there). So, IFF it is named and marked “RAXXLA” in big glowing lights when found within some randomly placed system then there is a way to go before it is likely to be found. However IFF, like me, you believe it is in a system within the bubble, that has already been visited but it has not been discovered so it most probably is hidden or disguised in some way then the search approach needs to be modified accordingly. I don’t think in any way it’s an exit route from the game. Yes FD are annoying when they refuse to answer basic questions about it, but I don’t think they’re reliant on it in any way, it’s just an Easter egg.

But however you view Raxxla it is not worth pointless grind to the point of frustration. It is just a gameplay path that is a little different from the usual trade/combat/exploration gameplay paths. Just do something else for a while. It’s a game, if you’re not enjoying it that’s not FD’s fault, you’re doing something wrong
Click to expand...

It’s not really the case, my original post was probably pretty poor and the result of what I CBA to type on a phone. To clarify, I am only here for Raxxla but Raxxla is not all I do in game, in fact it reflects a very small portion of what I do in game. I am at end game and have been for a very long time now. I returned to ED back in about October / November 2020 after about 2 years away having left at the introduction of the travesty known as Engineers (the original iteration, not its current form). I have a fully engineered fleet, a carrier, I’m triple elite and have been to the far side of the galaxy (I've seen things you people wouldn't believe, attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion and all that jazz), I’ve traded, I’ve murdered, I’ve stream sniped Harry Potter, I’ve done good things and very bad things whilst PvP’ing back in the day and I’ve died in every conceivable way possible in game. I’m playing ED again now because I enjoy the pacing of the game and to be honest not that much gets done because the chaps I play with spend most of our time laughing on Discord. I’m definitely not space mad from looking for Raxxla.

The point I was trying to make though was that after 6 years, this thing is no further forward that it was during Beta and there has to be a reason for that. I’ve said before I would be genuinely gutted if they dropped an obvious clue as to what this is, be-it a an easter egg or just a system permit, I’m actually not that bothered what it is, I’m significantly more interested in the hunt for it. But that hunt has to be a fair hunt imho or at least not one filled with accidental false trails. Which leaves me with an assumption with two possible scenarios, A. It’s a myth that they are happy to self-propagate because it keeps people interested beyond end game, OR B. It actually exists and everything relating to it is completely bug free and we either simply haven’t seen / found out enough about how to begin the “journey” and everything is working as intended because we must trust them to not let us chase ghosts.

My concern is (in the context of this being a game, I’m not really concerned) that I am having difficulty resolving B.
Last edited: Feb 8, 2021
Reactions:
Fiera, Jorki Rasalas, simulacrae and 1 other person