Rochester
Jul 3, 2024
#34,409
Jorki Rasalas said:
Well, I sort of agree. I took Alliance space as lying within 66ly of Alioth. Now the Alliance bubble should have been smaller at the game's release, however it would not have been a regular sphere, there would have been fuzziness of the boundary and isolated systems within the boundary would have been Independent, & possibly Federation. However I deliberately set this boundary definition wide enough to ensure capture the Raxxla system from the Elite Legacy clue...I didn't want any bias in my own thinking to affect the early phase of the analysis; though of course in the final stage my preference for those two systems is bias, based on my view of MB's love of Paradise Lost symbology and my perception of similarity between the Toast and Dahan's system map.

The one proviso I have about this theory is that both OT Serpentis and Dahan are below the floor of @Rochester 's Empyrean, but I thought God had moved Paradise into the Empyrean (@Rochester -where does this idea come from? Haven't seen it in Paradise Lost, but then I skim read poetry) after the Fall of Adam & Eve - so I would have expected the Raxxla system to be located above it. They are both, however, above the level of Sol. When conducting this analysis I bookmarked the candidate systems and the spatial spread was interesting, and I did remark in my table notes that one candidate (Tacana, 64 from Alioth, 135 from Sol, 59 above Fall on the Empyrean floor ) is particularly high, though I didn't see anything particularly interesting there.

The livestream of Edifying Will Flanagan: Exo (at 31mins40, m.youtube.com/watch?v=46QzuI83v0c ) seems to strongly hint that the solution is hidden in a planetary ring somewhere, and I think I've narrowed the choices down significantly- three ringed bodies in two systems only some 25ly apart. BUT searching planetary rings is a long slow job (which I find quite tedious!) and I suspect MB made the actual reveal rather difficult. It could be based on an RNG function (remember how difficult they were set early in the game!), and I strongly suspect from MB's first Fiction Diary livestream (at 7mins30, m.youtube.com/watch?v=O6z5OK8J5pg ) that carrying Trinkets of Hidden Fortune is also necessary, but they're pure pirate bait, so an ironaass ship & maybe a wing of searchers might be a good idea.

Just found in my notes that during the old (long since deleted) Elite missions at Shinrarta- Cmdr Dop3fish killed a wanted Hauler in Chakpa and it dropped loads of Trinkets of Hidden Fortune...so perhaps the real purpose of those missions was to hint that Trinkets are required for the solution?

Edit:
-you might want to look at my table above and see if any candidate systems stand out (intentional pun! ) wrt mountains!

wrt to distance from Alioth: A thought has just occured- Raxxla is /was a rumour. And as suggested the other day could have started by a dying explorer mumbling some words on his deathbed after returning to civilisation. If that explorer was based in Alliance space then the distance of those two systems from Alioth is explainable, ~60ly is a reasonable distance for deep space exploration in the early days after the colonisation of Alioth in 2452 ...Alliance was founded in 3230, Elite Legacy is set in 3301, so the rumour might well have passed to Julia that something valuable/unusual called Raxxla had been found in Alliance space long ago.
Click to expand...
Well I think the concept is insinuated rather than described narratively. I think it’s alluded that was the original objective of the ‘big plan’ before the fall. But not entirely sure if it actually happened?

The entire theology is rather odd, especially when it’s identified that everything ‘happens’ outside of time, but everything happens chronologically, many parts are I suspect intentionally in opposition and a contradiction, as Milton states some things are beyond man’s ken.

I’m no theologian.

So originally I suspect it was to be raised above everything, as the new heaven, that was the ‘original plan’ but then Satans fall occurred - but ironically everything is pre-known and by gods own design, no one has free will. So it’s technically all laid out to fail from the outset… it raises more questions than answers. I think that’s the point. Because Milton paints god as rather negatively and manipulative (although that’s probably a 21st perspective).

So in theory yes, it was ‘going to be raised up’ but the last we see, it’s still on earth as Michael evicted it’s tenants and the pendant globe is fixed in place by Satans viaduct.

So if represented in game alongside a Miltonian model, it logically should be just below the Empyrean, or just on the outer rim of Chaos, or both; probably on the North / Eastern wall?
Last edited: Jul 3, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian