selbie
Jul 3, 2024
#34,401
Jorki Rasalas said:
As an interesting speculative aside & not relevant to this analysis: Now it seems Drew Wagar and MB were buddies. Drew's novel Elite Reclamation (published May 2014, just prior to game release) started with a 3297 Imperial invasion of Prism system to obtain the fsd-essential mineral Tantalum; many called the lead character of that novel Kahina/Salomé (who was killed then resurrected) a witch! She was a natural pilot and loved deep exploration (she exposed "The Club" after checking out Rebecca's (old lady in the hospital bed) history and found the Club's lost Formdine Rift bases). The biblical Princess Salomé's dance of seven veils is very reminiscent of Ishtar's journey to the Underworld.......so was Salomé "Astrophel"? or perhaps Salomé as both whisperer and princess? . If Elite Legacy contains clues then Elite Reclamation might also, or might just be expanding the depth/breadth of the mystery?

Jorki Rasalas said:
I then added back in Sheela Na Gig, which has 6 ringed Gas Giants & 6 hotspots in a ring, & a google search showed Sheila/Sheela as a dragon name
This flagged a memory I had while reading up on my earlier map post, which might add further credence to this train of thought.

A vagabond being a Vagrant / a person in Vagrancy derives from the Latin 'to wander', and there is an account of Tudor England where some considered the vagrant beggars to be witches. Also, the name Sheela na Gig, while uncertain of its true origin, does have connections to early pre-christian pagan fertility or a female 'hag-like' figure as a ward against evil. I dare not delve into further parallels such as "jewel on the brow" or "deepest void"

Another idea that popped into my head:
It does make sense to me now why there is a common confusion here about whether to start the path in the Empyrean or Underworld.

Julia, and the dragon of her children's book share a commonality with guardianship - akin to seraphim / angels etc.
Julia took on the guardianship of Freeholm - both as a choice, but also "forced" upon her by circumstance.
The Princess of Julia's book and Astrophel of the codex both imply nobility - in other words, adjacent to power / gods. Similarly Julia was a reluctant 'heir' to Freeholm from Darik.
Seraphs / Angels have the imagery of winged celestial beings crying 'holy holy', near the seat of god etc.
If we consider the dragon, a winged mythological being, in Julia's story from the heroes perspective, it is easy to associate it with 'evil' - imprisoning the princess, requiring rescue by a hero.

However, Seraphim are also referenced in texts such as Enoch as 'creatures', or Akyest, or Chalkydri (brazen serpent) and, in the latter greek sense, associated with hell.
So from the perspective of 'evil', this dragon can also be an angel / seraph / Akyest guarding the princess of evil - Sin.
Satan and Sin also fit the codex toast as both "parents" - of Death, and "lovers" - ie. incestuous conception forced upon Sin.

It is possible there is a duality to this mystery that requires it to be viewed from BOTH angles.
"Those with eyes to see" - Human eyes are positioned at two different points to perceive depth. Therefore, it may mean we won't see the totality of this mystery until we consider it from both positions and find where it "points" to a 3rd perspective - perhaps the "Lost Worlds" / liminal / other spaces ?? The Paradise of Fools?

Satan fell on a "path" (of sin) to Hell - Below. He then forged a path to heaven - Above. As above, so below.
Sin experienced grief and woe at the gates of Hell the same as Eve did in Paradise, a matter of perspective.

Just as our frameshift drives "shift the frame of reality", it is possible that a narrative frame story is being used here to cast doubt on which path is "true", thus telling us to look at both to bring something into focus. This narrative device can also be used in the form of procatalepsis (just like the linked example of Princess Bride, Legacy ends from the perspective of the grandfather, Rex), as well as Dream Visions - obviously an easy connection to Jasmina Halsey.

Not that I'm saying this frame shifting has a direct relationship to the clues, but more like a plausible relationship to the idea of combining different narratives to 'filter' things to see a clearer truth - the 'state of cosmic enlightenment' - to find the unremarkable moon - aka Raxxla.
Last edited: Jul 3, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian