Louis Calvert
Jan 2, 2023
#28,763
Thatchinho said:
Yes, but my point wasn’t about the nature of the accident but where the visions happened.

Halsey wasn’t found in hyperspace, she was found in real space. (Taking what was reported in Galnet at face value anyway.)

Her visions seem to link to her time floating in her escape pod in real space.

“A reporter from the Alliance Tribune asked President Halsey what it was like to drift through space for so long:

"It was wonderful. Amazing. I saw the universe, and our galaxy within it, as I'd never seen it before, and I felt the presence of the real caretakers of our galaxy. The paradox of their existence – tiny yet gargantuan, fleeting yet eternal. They spoke to me as I drifted in the void. It was amazing. I must share their message."”

(From )
Click to expand...
That's a good point (and your original post on this). Thanks for pointing that out I think it's important to get the details right so I appreciate being corrected!

I suppose rather than saying that Halsey and Jaques experienced similar misjump phenomena, they experienced different types of misjumps that gave them both (in different ways) glimpses of non-local things in the galaxy.

Jaques claims that for a few seconds he appeared in different places before he manually dropped out of witchspace. Halsey sort of exploded into witchspace and seems to have been visited by a god-being that gave her glimpses of the Guardian-past (maybe?!?!).

Interesting point you make about brain implants too. I hadn't thought about that. I've been finding inconsistent info on brain implants. They seem fairly common in the official novels, but outside of that I'm not sure I've come across them except in Utopian text?


Thanks for the links @John [Panzertard] Stoutbeard and @CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian I'll have a look at those. I've read the Children of Raxxla report before several times but it all blends together after a while.

@Thatchinho since you mention Gan Romero - obviously he was very much experiencing fernweh, while Fdev made it clear that we weren't supposed to go off looking for him specifically, I can't help but think that storyline was intended as a narrative clue - at least in the sense that "there's something more going on". What do you think it was?

PS. Yep I've unblocked you @CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian in the spirit of Raxxla hunting in the new year. I think you do actually have some good ideas and I don't want to miss them I just need to get better at ignoring the other stuff!
Reactions:
Shadowsnog and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian