Thatchinho
Jan 2, 2023
#28,768
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Quite general actually. This is a running theme in the larger Elite community. The older lore tends to make people anxious for reasons unknown. Multiple groups IRH, Canonn, CoR, and discussions on forums provoked the exact same response with multiple parts of the older lore. It apparently may be a certain uneasiness with the idea that this series is actually a series and the lore is actually fairly unified despite being exceptionally long lasting as series go. It isn't specific to one particular part, either. Though, I first noticed it when I was able to prove Earth was in all parts of the lore. Additionally, the fact that system names have changed due to politics, disasters, wars, etc seems to be a considerable source of unease in the community. It is like partly the community wants a unified lore but at the same time fundamentally distrusts that is the case. Lastly, there is the ongoing tension of whether to take the books as canon. The community seems to love the idea of retconns despite there being zero evidence for that occurring.
I haven't particularly seen what you're describing.

Attitudes obviously vary, but I would say it's fairly well established that ED is inspired and influenced by previous games from the series but not bound by them. And lore for the previous games is not necessarily lore for ED. In some cases it directly can't be.

I don't think there's anything revelatory about Earth being present in the lore for all games. I've never been aware of any dispute on the matter tbh. All the games are set in a vision of the future. They are not all set in the same version of the future though. As an example, the original Elite is set in a reality where sentient alien life is relatively common, whereas ED is set in a reality where sentient alien life is relatively very rare.

So something that is lore for Elite cannot be considered lore for ED by default, because it is not set in the same reality. However, that's not to say that things that are lore for Elite are absolutely not lore for ED. But there can't be a single set of lore across all the games except by means of a multiverse.

The books IMHO are a difficult one to square off, because they do to some extent represent the reader then having a preternatural knowledge of things. Generally the ones I've read though have the built in get out clause that a lot of things are said by characters (many of dubious trustworthiness) rather than being formally canonised as definite info or events.

On the retcons, it's hard to say. Some (IMHO very respectable) people are sure there was a substantive retcon. I'm not entirely convinced there has been anything quite so major. A lot of it depends on what the actual lore was in the first place versus what was publicly put out. There is some stuff that has definitely changed in-game however, and some inconsistencies in-game as well. As an example, here's the original First Thargoid Contact beacon:

SPOILER

The current version gives different info, and the codex gives different info to that. Is it evidence of a retcon? - Who knows. Very conceivably it wasn't a retcon of the actual lore, but a change to make the beacon show the official public version of things from the powers that be in the ED universe rather than the actual real version of things.
Last edited: Jan 2, 2023
Reactions:
Han_Zen, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Louis Calvert