CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jan 2, 2023
#28,764
Louis Calvert said:
That's a good point (and your original post on this). Thanks for pointing that out I think it's important to get the details right so I appreciate being corrected!

I suppose rather than saying that Halsey and Jaques experienced similar misjump phenomena, they experienced different types of misjumps that gave them both (in different ways) glimpses of non-local things in the galaxy.

Jaques claims that for a few seconds he appeared in different places before he manually dropped out of witchspace. Halsey sort of exploded into witchspace and seems to have been visited by a god-being that gave her glimpses of the Guardian-past (maybe?!?!).

Interesting point you make about brain implants too. I hadn't thought about that. I've been finding inconsistent info on brain implants. They seem fairly common in the official novels, but outside of that I'm not sure I've come across them except in Utopian text?


Thanks for the links and I'll have a look at those. I've read the Children of Raxxla report before several times but it all blends together after a while.

since you mention Gan Romero - obviously he was very much experiencing fernweh, while Fdev made it clear that we weren't supposed to go off looking for him specifically, I can't help but think that storyline was intended as a narrative clue - at least in the sense that "there's something more going on". What do you think it was?

PS. Yep I've unblocked you in the spirit of Raxxla hunting in the new year. I think you do actually have some good ideas and I don't want to miss them I just need to get better at ignoring the other stuff!
Click to expand...
Honestly, we probably stand to make more progress by collaborative brainstorming. There appears to be no "right way" to search. Unique perspectives can bring out important details. Also, worth noting that Jaques whilst not as old as Raxxla (at least I don't think) he appears to have connections with important events and people so understanding what he knows (and actually finding him) may prove important.

Has anyone been to Peter's Base in Facece? I don't have the Imperial rank necessary, yet. I mention it because Jaques may still be on that station. "All that Glisters" had his body rolling in track built into the floor. Unless he found a new set of legs, he might be there. Failing that, a tip on where he went may be present there.

I say this more as a cautionary note given the sheer amount of plot twists involved in the lore. I think we all do better when we are aware of the traps in the lore.

"If you're so keen on seeing space again, and you own half an orbit station, why don't you just sell up and buy a fancy ship and head off now?"

"Oh, I couldn't do that!" exclaimed Jaques. "I've got too much invested in this place, I need its facilities for repairs and I'm very comfortable here." He glanced down at his cylindrical base, slotted into the floor track.

"You might even say I've become attached to the place."
Last edited: Jan 2, 2023