Louis Calvert
Jan 3, 2023
#28,776
EdzUp said:
If this was Guardian or Thargoid back then remains a mystery as nothing much was gleaned from the investigations into the Guardians and it went dead after to strip mined the area for blueprints.

I'm not sure that's an accurate reading, at all!

An incredible amount was gleaned from the Guardian investigation, and the Guardian narrative is still shaping events up to right now:

1) We learned literally their entire history from earliest beginning to eventual apocalypse - that alone is (IMO) incredibly cool and even if there's no 'gameplay' related content left I personally would love to know more about the Guardians. Significantly we learned that they were survived by their sentient AI creations, and that there were possibly Guardian "exiles" that may have survived the AI's uprising.

That means there's definitely one, but possibly two descendants of the Guardians out there somewhere - although what they're like after 1-2 billion years is anyone's guess. It's a fair bet they don't resemble the Guardians any more - who we know were adept with genetic engineering even before they developed AI.

2) We also learned all about the Thargoid war. How that Thargoids are highly territorial and even after the Guardians went to extreme lengths to try to make peace, the Thargoids refused. We learned that the Barnacles are key to the Thargoid civilisation - in that they seed an area they intend to colonise later (thousands of years later) and when they do so they believe they have effectively claimed that seeded area. We also know that if they're hit hard enough they will retreat, as they did with the Guardians, and apparently after that one war the Thargoids never bothered the Guardians again (that we know of).

3) Plus, it's very clear that's not the end of the Guardian story. There's the entire Regor sector that's permit locked that (according to Melville) might be the Guardian's original bubble. He claimed that the 'trail' of sites we've found are from a later migration and that he'd found where they came from and was heading that way, if you look at where the Cete is it's right next to the Regor bubble.

4) We also know that Ram Tah is a shady character. He hacked the Guardian Monolith network incredibly quickly, almost like he already knew how to do it, he seems to have retained sole control of all the Guardian data, and he's only released a tiny portion of what he learned. He explicitly says the Monolith network contains vast amounts of video and audio recordings - he knows exactly what Guardians look like, how they lived, etc. He even has information on their ships and technology, but very, very little of that was ever released - and apparently the majority of superpowers don't seem to really care very much at all, for some very strange reason?!

5) The Guardian revelations gave us a weird connection with the Braintrees. It's now well known that the Braintrees occur mostly in the areas where there are Guardian sites, heavily suggesting some (as yet unknown) link that Ram Tah hasn't talked about - but there are plenty of interesting theories.

6) Then of course we have the whole Salvation arc that heavily included a lot of Guardian-related stuff, including the revelation that Azimuth discovered Guardian relics and experimented with them (suspiciously like they were expecting to find something like that) back in the 3100s but that info never got back to HQ apparently. So again, lots of mystery there about how and why the Adamastor and associated ships went specifically off to Barnard's loop like they knew something was there worth finding... Salvation seemed to be pretty sure he could make a superweapon from Guardian technology, and apparently sort of managed it to. We still don't know what happened there, why it didn't work, how the Thargoids co-opted the proteus wave, etc. Obviously still lots of story left there.

7) And none of this includes any of the tinfoil speculations about whether Guardian-descendants live amongst us (or are us), whether the Martian artefact is a Guardian item, whether the Pilots' Federation uses Guardian tech to retain power (our ship UI is suspiciously similar to the Guardian triangular patterns), whether the Guardians were known about secretly for a long time before we "found" them, maybe that's why the "powers" seemed so apathetic about them - (where are all the massive resource extraction operations like we saw with the Thargoid sites in the Pleaides?). As far as we know there's not even one attempt to excavate and clean up any of the Guardian ruins by anyone (even Ram Tah). The Guardians Hyperdrive tech (according to Ram Tah) worked very differently to ours, he claimed they could jump much further - yet they seemed to have colonised a very small area of the Galaxy despite their civilisation being older than ours, is that cultural differences in attitudes, or was their another more sinister reason they didn't expand more uniformly and rapidly? (Ram Tah also explicitly stated they bred fast and overpopulation was what drove them to colonise other worlds). etc. etc.

Not to mention the weird geography of the entire galactic area:

You've got the Human bubble, then extremely close to our Eastern border the "last" Guardian site was found (according to Melville, the first site we found was from the very end of the Guardian civilisation) tracing the line of sites back further East you get to the Regor bubble. If you imagine them on a map they look sort of like a dumbell with the human bubble at one end, Regor on the other, the Guardian sites in a line between them...

SPOILER: REALLY BAD MAP I DID


If that is a migration pattern as Melville thought, then the fact that the human bubble is essentially at the end-point of that path seems highly significant. Many people believe that Guardians had something to do with human development in some way. I'm on the fence, but the geography of the area is highly suggestive. Why did the Guardians do that? What were they heading towards? They didn't expand outwards uniformly, for whatever reason they seemed to extend outwards towards approximately where our bubble would be later on, though we discovered later that they do have some scattered sites in other areas (for as yet unknown reasons).

Then directly South of the Guardian area is the Mysterious Col 70 permit locked sector, the home of unknown mysteryTM. We used to think that was maybe the Thargoid homeworlds, but none of the Rogue Signal Sources came from there (actually they came from all directions except from Col 70). Despite the fact that the Thargoid Device signal associated with the "starmap" points to COL 70 Sector FY-N C21-3, suggesting that location is somehow important to the Thargoids (at least the Thargoids in the Pleiades anyway). Maybe the Col 70 area is where the majority of the Thargoid war took place and that's the Guardian bubble (but again, why the Thargoid signal pointing to the heart of that area if they were actually defeated by the Guardians and driven back - back to where?). Lots of mystery and unanswered questions there!

And then below that is Barnard's Loop - a stellar structure that's... well that's about 2 billion years old. The Guardian civilisation is frequently said to be 1-2 million years old (I recall Braben confirmed that in a livestream), but the Codex actually uniformly says "several million", so obviously the exact age there is deliberately kept vague. Personally I wonder if the Barnard's loop supernovae had something to do with... everything - as it's dominating that entire area of space.

And to wrap that into Raxxla, even before the Codex many people were speculating that Raxxla may be linked to the Guardians, they're highly technological, they're not too far from us for explorers to stumble over "Raxxla" a long time ago. We know their tech remains active even today, we know humans can interact with it... And of course there's a lot of people that connect clues in the Codex with Guardians, and I'm not sure they're wrong (not sure they're right either)...

I personally find it easier to believe that Raxxla is related to either Guardians and/or Thargoids than I do to another unknown highly technological alien race in our Galaxy. Not saying it's impossible for a third race, just that I think 2 ancient aliens is quite enough to produce Raxxla already

If anything, there's still way more unanswered questions and tantalising mysteries in the Guardian narrative than we have actually discovered yet

Edit: I accidentally wrote billion instead of million for the Guardians age, corrected!
Last edited: Jan 3, 2023
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, EdzUp and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian