Jorki Rasalas
May 26, 2023
#30,535
BluWolve said:
I dont recall there ever being a livestream where they spoke about instancing, but yeah it would be handy if there was.

I only know what i know about instancing in Elite Dangerous due to countless issues trying to wing up with friends, a lot of dropping in and out of SC trying various things.

Im not convinced FD would do anything bizarrely different for Raxxla, as it has been in game since the start. Judging by the past they normally only build on top of things. Laying foundations such as planets, then adding the ability to land on some. Or Holo-me, then adding space legs down the track. This is also common for many game developers and designers. This is what leads me to believe it is a station above all else, or something akin to a station. What else has been around since the beginning that could be Raxxla?

It could be a planet, but we couldnt land on planets or do much in the way of interacting with them until Horizons, so i doubt that scenario personally.

It could be within rings, as you have been investigating. I think that is a good hypothesis. But it could even be a signal source like Voyager and New Horizons, way out in space so far that we are going so fast in supercruise we blink and miss it. Having said that, I also wouldnt be surprised if there were no signal source to assist in finding it, requiring specific co-ordinates for us to manually navigate and drop in at.
Click to expand...
It could of course have been “uograded” since game release, as Zurara was.
However I still think it is alien, and with Ram Tah mentioning there were several Guardian ark ships that’s my primary expectation. It will likely be a unique design of ship, with no signal detection via honk or ship scanner or FSS & will only show up when we drop into its instance (Hesperus example?). We dont necessarily have to be able to land on/access it (it may be just a cool easter egg with no value to game storyline), and I suspect it’s unlikely to be anything like Holdstock’s mythos (“mythical planet with an alien construct that's a gateway to other Universes, and all that's in those Universes in the way of bounty, and treasures, and aliens, and life . . .), though if it were a ship with a terminal to the Guardian comms network then it’s a possibility (could provide permits to Triton and open some of the locked regions). Could also be a station. Could be both if it’s an ark ship, a ship the size of a small moon that is also a station, akin to an Orbis with engines. Could be the TDW station....
The other possibility is as I said yesterday, an asteroid which is a huge single void opal...
Reactions:
BluWolve