BluWolve
May 26, 2023
#30,536
Jorki Rasalas said:
It could of course have been “uograded” since game release, as Zurara was.
However I still think it is alien, and with Ram Tah mentioning there were several Guardian ark ships that’s my primary expectation. It will likely be a unique design of ship, with no signal detection via honk or ship scanner or FSS & will only show up when we drop into its instance (Hesperus example?). We dont necessarily have to be able to land on/access it (it may be just a cool easter egg with no value to game storyline), and I suspect it’s unlikely to be anything like Holdstock’s mythos (“mythical planet with an alien construct that's a gateway to other Universes, and all that's in those Universes in the way of bounty, and treasures, and aliens, and life . . .), though if it were a ship with a terminal to the Guardian comms network then it’s a possibility (could provide permits to Triton and open some of the locked regions). Could also be a station. Could be both if it’s an ark ship, a ship the size of a small moon that is also a station, akin to an Orbis with engines. Could be the TDW station....
The other possibility is as I said yesterday, an asteroid which is a huge single void opal...
Click to expand...
A guardian ark ship in Sol could actually make a lot of sense. Maybe at first it was just a cool unique object to find, but if it were a megaship kind of thing FD could have easily upgraded it to allow docking or other things as well.

Lore wise it would explain the technological advantages and "treasures", and (correct me if im wrong) i seem to remember that the Guardians had technologies like neural implants that allowed them to come together and collaborate in kind of shared virtual worlds, which would even explain "a gateway to other universes".

Why do we call them Guardians anyway? Could it be possible that there is an ancient Guardian ark ship in Sol that was designed as a kind of early warning system to detect Thargoids advancing closer to Guardian space?

A lot to ponder in any case!
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas