Rochester
Nov 28, 2024
#35,440
Inverted Walrus said:
So the news is that titan Cocijo is taking a stroll over to Sol... I only got the Sol permit this week, and was exploring it for the first time yesterday. I was interested in the tourist beacon about Jamina Halsey having a vision, and thought it could perhaps be related to Raxxla (how many times have we heard those words).
SPOILER: FULL TEXT HERE











My plan was to visit Alioth, but as of reading that text my Alliance rep was 3%... I might leave it for a bit to play with the goids in Sol.

I think that indirectly, as @Jorki Rasalas has speculated, as have I, there likely are numerous hints vaguely throughout Galnet, but they are environmental.

The Starship one crash I believe is a locational clue aimed to highlight an environmental concept, with the purpose of wider orientation.

Namely to establish that area is part of this cosmological model and denotes the zone of the Empyrean, particularly its Western wall.

My hypothesis is based upon the stories underlying theme of an Otherworld and that incident occurred within a triangle of systems synonymous with a mythology linked to an Otherworld, namely the Morrigan's.

This is not enough on its own however there is a clear axis in existence in game advocating there’s arrangements are not random; likewise Ive mapped numerous other systems inside that structure which are named after other mysterious paradises or entry points to heavens!

I suspect thats no coincidence, the Star ship One story yes, is potentially on a surface level, primarily about the Guardians, in so much that it was I presume priming us for the new content; but I propose that it like other stories in Galnet, had a deeper albeit environmental relevance towards providing us awareness of the architecture of this cosmology.

Understanding that provides an awareness and an ability to orientate ourselves and potentially find our way towards Raxxla…



Fast by hanging in a golden chain / This pendent world!
Last edited: Nov 30, 2024
Reactions:
Vasquess, simulacrae and Darrack