CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 30, 2022
#28,675
Thatchinho said:
More critically, Achenar is 139.5 ly away from Sol. If it was the Mayflower, then departing Sol in 2097 and arriving at Achenar in 2250 gives a journey time of 153 years.
Mayflower 97 is the only ship that could have made the journey especially given the Bussard Ramjet design and acceleration of 60% of lightspeed in the necessary time frame. The other generation ships average about 1/3 of that acceleration capacity. Besides, 2097 is in GalNet under the article "Galactic News: Generation Ships" for launch of the first generation ship. Though, even without the technical details, Achenar is settled before the Raxxla rumors exist and you still have the era of rapid expansion starting in 2230 per the "Early Colonies" beacon in Delta Pavonis.

Try as we might, anything that happened before the rumor is fair game and must be considered as a valid pathway for Raxxla being found. Achenar is colonized some 46 years prior to rumors. Further, we have the additional vexing problem of era of rapid expansion starting in 2230 courtesy of the beacon in Delta Pavonis. Lastly, @Louis Calvert missed a colony that is mentioned as a Federal Founder in 2242 (per Federal Accord beacon in Tau Ceti and Early Colonies in Delta Pavonis) which included:

Sol
Tau Ceti
Delta Pavonis
Altair
Beta Hydri

While I cannot find exactly when Facece was colonized (it was early as it is very close to Achenar) an interesting name just popped up - Tornvquist (it can be alternatively spelled Tornquist). The was from the GalNet "Galactic News: Empire to Retake Facece":

Colm Tornquist of the Imperial Herald seemed to encapsulate the views of many when he asked: "What is Chancellor Blaine waiting for? Every day that passes is another day in which the people of Facece labour under the dictatorial rule of the Allied Facece Order. Action must be taken!" Almost as soon as this complaint was aired, Clearly Chancellor Blaine announced plans to retake the Facece system:

"I apologise for what some have perceived as a lack of alacrity. I know the Imperial people are eager to see these opportunists removed from Imperial space, but it was essential that we plan our operation carefully to minimise the danger to the people of Facece. Now the planning is over, and order will soon be restored. I implore the people of Facece to remain calm. And to the Allied Facece Order I say this: your days are numbered."

At least per TDW codex, the organization had certain key families in the organization. Perhaps, some of the Tornvquist/Tornquist family made it out to Imperial space. Which given the fact that those traveling with Marlin Duval were political idealists isn't entirely surprising. I still maintain that Soontill was the cover story and humans have long controlled Raxxla. This development also makes a good case for the disused starport which is "still used to this day" being Jaques Station which was jumped out of the Bubble.
Last edited: Dec 30, 2022