Thatchinho
Dec 30, 2022
#28,672
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Four colonies... If only it were that simple. I have tried this and it ends badly. This is precisely why we have barely progressed.

This analysis while admirable is missing a key piece: Marlin Duval and the first generation ship launched (because it was the speed demon of the bunch). She didn't just start the colony of Achenar in middle 23rd century (approximately 2250) but was also the one to have dropped colonists at Tau Ceti. In short, the search area is far too small. Further, the era of rapid expansion starts in 2230. It would nice were it that easy, but I am afraid those two are going to be major problems in scope limiting the search:

From GalNet "Birth of an Empire":


From the Early Colonies beacon in Delta Pavonis:



First Encounters journals re: Mayflower 97:



The 66 years gap between 2230 and 2296 are a royal pain because of these few complications. Facece is also settled in short order following Achenar.
Click to expand...
I seriously doubt it's the case that it was the Mayflower that settled Achenar.

Firstly a convoy is multiple ships, not a single ship. And from Tourist Beacon 128: "Marlin Duval was a wealthy woman from Earth, who, disenchanted with their administration and authorities, set off with her own colonising fleet". So clearly it's a large number of ships, not a single ship.

More critically, Achenar is 139.5 ly away from Sol. If it was the Mayflower, then departing Sol in 2097 and arriving at Achenar in 2250 gives a journey time of 153 years.

That's an average speed of 91% the speed of light.

If we include it going to Tau Ceti first, that's an extra 3.2 ly distance, requiring an average speed of 93% the speed of light.

Again that's an average speed of 93% the speed of light. Acceleration and deceleration time is going to push the max speed higher, and quite possibly make it non-physical (i.e. requiring a max speed which is greater than the speed of light).


So, realistically speaking, it's virtually impossible that the colonisation of Achenar was via the Mayflower. And by similar extension, it's pretty much certain that Duval's colonising fleet got to Achenar using FTL tech.


(I will say that the necessity of Achenar's colonisation being via FTL tech has been talked about in the thread before, but like much it's buried away in the depths.)
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and Edelgard von Rhein