CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 30, 2022
#28,670
Louis Calvert said:
1) There were 4 colonies outside Sol "in the earliest days of interstellar travel", (2100 to 2300) all of them were under 30ly from Sol - that gives us an idea of the feasible radius and where the frontier might have been back then.
Four colonies... If only it were that simple. I have tried this and it ends badly. This is precisely why we have barely progressed.

This analysis while admirable is missing a key piece: Marlin Duval and the first generation ship launched (because it was the speed demon of the bunch). She didn't just start the colony of Achenar in middle 23rd century (approximately 2250) but was also the one to have dropped colonists at Tau Ceti. In short, the search area is far too small. Further, the era of rapid expansion starts in 2230. It would nice were it that easy, but I am afraid those two are going to be major problems in scope limiting the search:

From GalNet "Birth of an Empire":
The Empire has become such a dominant presence in human culture that it is easy to forget that for almost a century the heart of what was to become the Empire was just a single system. The Achenar system was first colonised in the middle of the 23rd century. It was founded by an expedition led by Marlin Duval, a wealthy woman who had grown disillusioned by the ever increasing rigidity of the Earth governments and stifling social conformity.

Marlin Duval vowed to get as far from Earth as she could, and after a long and treacherous journey across what was then unexplored space, most of the convoy eventually reached the Achenar system.

The system of Achenar was chosen for the outdoor world orbiting one of its gas giants, already capable of supporting human life, now known as Capitol. There was already life on the planet and though Duval didn’t know it at the time, one of the few known sentient species watched their landings.
Click to expand...

From the Early Colonies beacon in Delta Pavonis:

Other colonies followed soon after. Delta Pavonis, Beta Hydri and Altair were all explored and settled between 2190 and 2230, and an uncontrolled expansion followed, with corporations and all sorts of groups of private individuals heading off into the stars. There was a 'wild west gold rush' atmosphere to it all, as news of vast tracts of land, huge wealth, giant dinosaur-like beast, and heroic acts filtered back to Earth, with the romance of the process causing many to want to leave the mother planet.

First Encounters journals re: Mayflower 97:

COLONY SHIP DETECTED

S.L.A.M

Astronomers using Excessively Long Baseline Interferometry (ELBI) to conduct a survey of distant radio sources believe that they may have detected the "Mayflower 97" slower-than-light colony ship, which was launched from orbit around Luna in 2097.

ELBI remains a somewhat inexact science, because receiving stations are placed so far apart that considerations of simultaneity become an issue in interpreting the results, but the patterns received by the Distant Radio Survey group do indeed appear to show radio emissions characteristic of a Bussard ramjet moving with a relativistic velocity of almost 60% of the speed of light. The "Mayflower 97" carried nearly a thousand passengers and crew, plus domestic animals and extensive gene banks to aid in the colonisation of Earth-like worlds which were presumed to exist around nearby stars.

, but the fate of both ship and crew thereafter was unknown until now.

The ship's tremendous speed in real space makes it Impractical to attempt a rendezvous, so the "Mayflower" will presumably be left to continue on its way, bearing with it any descendants of its original complement.
Click to expand...

The 66 years gap between 2230 and 2296 are a royal pain because of these few complications. Facece is also settled in short order following Achenar.
Last edited: Dec 30, 2022