Jorki Rasalas
Dec 30, 2022
#28,669
yelboc said:
<snipped>

My interpretation of the codex quote from Farseer is that the codex is explaining the retcon of the E/F mission, as it goes to some lengths to discredit TDW in Shindez. Also, shindez is BGS locked and they only expanded due to a bgs bug in an update. I see them as a shell, quietly shut down ,existing in name only. And the huge effort to expand them has resulted in no effect.

Mmm, IIRC some of those old E/F missions appeared to be given by the Pilot’s Federation (or perhaps a faction therein?) against the SD_TDW. So a possibility is that those missions were supposed to make the point that SD_TDW weren’t pukka, but people weren’t realising that and the Codex’s Farseer statement was inserted to make the point crystal clear. ...We know from TB that TDW is a faction within PF, so it is logical that we need to find the genuine DW within the PF.

The trouble I have is that there seem to be no feasible player actions to follow on from that realisation, either from the mission descriptions or the Codex statement. The logical thing would have been for players to try to find the real DW faction, but there seems to be no information available on which to base that search. This is a puzzler, as this would have been a good start to “the Raxxla storyline”.

This was the basis for my hypothesis that the real DW had to be found within PF, based on my observation that there were originally several spellings (now corrected!) of “Pilot’s Federation” in the SD TB and the fact that you can independently get allied status with several of them, perhaps implying get allied with the right one and it would reveal itself as the real DW and provide a clue to Raxxla. With FD’s correction of those diverse spellings it seems that either:
A) the point was made so FD decided to make the quest harder by removing that clue or
B) it was never intended to be a clue, which implies there is no such “storyline” (though that doesnt explain how you can still independently get allied status...) or
C) that storyline did exist but was itself removed...

Incidentally regarding the omission of Mimas from the game...I was googling “DB+Star+wars” yesterday and found this reference
CEO David Braben on Frontier Developments' new HQ, its Jurassic Park Evolution success and the future
Independent games studio behind Elite Dangerous and Planet Coaster has new games on the way
www.cambridgeindependent.co.uk

which gave the interesting quote
“”The first time I saw it was in the film Star Wars, in 1977, and I thought ‘Wow, this is so much closer to those worlds’. My dad described Star Wars as a ‘rescue the princess’ story and I remember getting quite annoyed. I thought ‘No, it’s not: it’s a world and they happen to be rescuing a princess in this world’.”

For David, story and narrative are not the same thing.”
(as if we needed confirmation of the latter ).

Since IRL Mimas resembles the Star Wars “Death Star” and was imaged by Voyager 1 (the Voyagers perhaps as the toast’s “vagabonds”?) maybe Raxxla is a hidden tribute to that film franchise/station? Back to Sol!
Last edited: Dec 30, 2022
Reactions:
Rochester, Edelgard von Rhein and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian