yelboc
Dec 29, 2022
#28,668
Well, much though I admire the effort I feel your analysis is missing some pieces.

In TDW novella, Rafe uses a makeshift collection of old ships as a base about 0.1ly from Tionisla. The assumption that TDW, a collection of adventurers and treasure seekers, would possess a station in the earliest years of spacetravel is a bit far- fetched. Yes the organisation may have existed then, but their means were probably much smaller.

We also know from 'And Here The Wheel' that the CIEP were a splinter group of TDW. In that book there are at least 4 bases, one of which was on Soontil, and another one around a blue green gas giant where Gunn was stationed. Another is hinted at directly in the story, and a fourth is implied in the message to the base commanders intercepted by Gunn.

So: after the decimation of the CIEP in the battles described in AHTW, its quite likely that one of their abandoned bases is the station referred to by Ms Crane. I believe a great deal of effort was put into searching for Gunn's base, but to no avail, and there are the other two of which no details are given. Add that to the likelyhood that all system contents were refreshed after the books final edit, and there isn't much to go on.

I would say it makes sense that the base is in the bubble or else it would have been no use to the CIEP.. But there's little evidence to suggest that it's within 30lyr of Sol.

And if there's one place that's been searched to blazes its Shindez. Especially. AB2.

My interpretation of the codex quote from Farseer is that the codex is explaining the retcon of the E/F mission, as it goes to some lengths to discredit TDW in Shindez. Also, shindez is BGS locked and they only expanded due to a bgs bug in an update. I see them as a shell, quietly shut down ,existing in name only. And the huge effort to expand them has resulted in no effect.
Last edited: Dec 29, 2022
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Jorki Rasalas and 3 others