Louis Calvert
Nov 10, 2022
#27,822
@Allen Stroud I'm sorry to ping you, but you mentioned work you'd done on Hyperdrives originally. I completely understand if you can't/don't want to give us more info , but if you don't have an objection could you give us any more info on the 'order of development'?

Essentially I'm interested in this because of the Galnet Hyperdrive lore (which I think might have been based on your work?) that basically everyone is using as a basis for early FTL travel as defined in Eite Dangerous.

My question is: Is the order of information in that article correct?

(modified quote of the article retaining the structure of info):
"Hyperspace technology originated in the early 22nd Century, but it wasn't until the 2800s that consumer ships began to take advantage of it."

"The first commercially available hyperspace system was known as the 'Faraway Jump' ... "It was around this time the phrase 'witch-space' first appeared...

"The original hyperdrives were powered by a fuel known as quirium ...

If you read it top-to-bottom like you would a timeline you end up with:

1) 22nd C. Hyperdrive invented
2) unknown stuff for ~600 years
3) 2800 Faraway jump developed, powered by Quirium, consumer access.
4) Faraway Jump runs for ~300 years (until Galcop collapse)
4) Quirium formula lost, 2b is replacement, FSD replaced 2b.

This is how it's been presented on the wiki and tons of people read it like this, me too for years, but I've just realised, is it supposed to be read differently? Essentially an article summary at the top, then developing the details in subsequent paragraphs, so the information should read like this:

1) 22nd C. Faraway Jump Hyperdrive invented, powered by Quirium
2) ~600 years of commercial development
3) Consumer ships gain access to (now developed, safer) Faraway Jump (~2800)
4) Faraway Jump runs for another ~300 years (until Galcop collapse)
3) Quirium formula lost, 2b is replacement, FSD replaced 2b.

This reading drastically changes the information on early Hyperdrives!

Is it possible for you to clarify this for us Allen?
Reactions:
Rochester