Edelgard von Rhein
E
Jan 24, 2024
#33,134
selbie said:
I see it too on your recordings Louis.
It appears to be associated with the 'loud whisper' track that repeats during transit - you can see it each time the sound occurs during a recording. So either it is just a pattern that looks like something, or there is something to investigate about that particular whisper sound.

Here is the shape with some context for where it sits:
View attachment 381787
Using 2048 window size helps with the clarity a bit.

Keep in mind, while studying the landscape signal in the past, I could sense my brain was trying to see letters, patterns, shapes, all kinds of things out of just scattered noise. I'm not saying it's not something, but stay vigilant of your brain's evolved pattern recognition. If it was a clue it would be more overt IMO.
Click to expand...
Although this is selbie's post I am responding to because of its excellent illustration, it goes for anyone pursuing audio analysis with these techniques.

I want to say please be very careful about looking for patterns in background noise. These are all either going to be generated by an algorithm and/or be repeating samples of real-life sounds or noises. It is natural that there will be repetition. The signal-to-noise ratio of the features selbie is highlighting is going to be close to 1. If you were to examine any background feature from any location or activity in the game it is highly likely that you would be able to find momentary patterns at low signal-to-noise.

When FD have put clues or Easter Eggs (like their logo) into audio in the game, they have made it a clear pattern with high signal-to-noise. Compare with the Thargoid Probe signal, for example. They are already making exceptional out-of-game demands on players by having any clues like this at all. Hiding clues even further, in very low signal-to-noise patterns, does not seem to me like either a reasonable, rational thing to do or good game design. It has to be something that everyone can see if they go through the right steps.

In this instance, it might even be worth FD saying, despite in general not saying 'this is not Raxxla', for them to say that this is nothing more than a product of their sound engineering processes and not related to any narrative element. This is one rabbit hole where those who are diligent and curious could waste a great deal of time. It is possible to see/hear almost anything in white noise.

Please note that I am not telling anyone to stop, or that they are wrong, instead that it will be almost impossible to prove that anything found is real. There are many creative and vigilant people willing to go into great detail to find clues, which is wonderful. Please be careful that you are not wasting your own time and energy.

Fly safe! o7
Reactions:
Quaero, Han_Zen, Macros Black and 5 others