El Saico
Dec 9, 2023
#32,406
Louis Calvert said:
I've long thought that Raxxla is located in the Col 70 Sector FY-N C21-3 system. I think it's wrapped up in both the Thargoid and Guardian storylines. I suspect it's something like the "rift" or "wormhole" from another universe/galaxy that the Thargoids came through into our galaxy.


The above was published in April 3304, a timeframe concurrent with the Codex (Nov 3304) and the renaming of the Delphi system (Dec 3304) .

I think that's why the easiest and most common interpretation of the Omphalos Rift clue sends most people to the Delphi system and to the Oracle; on the planet beneath the Oracle you can find a crashed Thargoid mothership and the Thargoid Device, and for anyone seeking it, the map the device spits out:



If you're following the breadcrumbs to Delphi, the Oracle, and what's beneath it, you activate the map... the map points to the Col 70 Sector FY-N C21-3 system, and the 'spiralling star' map in the crashed Thargoid motherships looks like a spiral galaxy, but it's not galaxy. It's definitely got two colours in there, which might be the two warring 'factions' of Thargoids as reported by some sources, (or it might be else).

My earlier idea questioning whether the Guardians came from another galaxy through the Omphalos Rift goes for the Thargoids too (for such an old species, they are present in such a tiny part of the Galaxy), I wondered if the history we have relating to the Thargoids and Guardians 1-2million years ago took place in another galaxy entirely (the one shown below), the Constructs are the white/light blue dots, the Thargoids the green/yellow dots - showing a packed galaxy full of conflict and battle. That spilled out into our galaxy via the Rift...



The last stop in the Brookes Tour: PMD2009 48, is right alongside all those permit-locked areas where we know Guardian-Thargoid battles took place, judging by the limited battle-sites we've found so far. I do think the Thargoids being involved in Raxxla fit with the Codex clues. From what Drew said Brookes had significant input in the development of the Thargoid narrative; they were his 'lovecraftian nightmares' in many ways (and originally intended to be far more terrifying than they are now).

One of the things that underpins Lovecraftian horror is that humanity is small and insignificant and these alien extra-dimension beings of godlike consciousness exist . I think you can see that in-game, certainly in the early lore, and much like some of the characters in Lovecraftian fiction: we've stood amongst these cyclopean ruins of ancient battles between god-like aliens.

In many ways the ultimate payoff for that would be the revelation that there's an (or universe) of ancient Thargoids out there, and they're pressing into our cozy little galaxy... suppressing knowledge of it for fear of terrifying humanity into existential catatonia is similar to what the The Club tried to do recently (in historical terms) in Drew's novels, and Drew has said The Club wasn't his creation. An older organisation doing that a millennia ago might be what started rumours of Raxxla. The Constructs or other descendants of Guardians might be another god-like power trying to help hold back the Thargoids, which would explain things like Halsey's timely visions which gave us Guardian tech just in time to develop better weapons to fight the first invasions, etc.

this interpretation means effectively Raxxla has been permit locked for years and is tied in with the ongoing primary narrative (which does make sense for Fdev to do), and will be unlocked (presumably) as that story unfolds - which means the hunt is pointless. So I've been enjoying looking for any and every other explanation ever since because the hunt is way more interesting than sitting back waiting for Fdev to drop the latest bit of content

Hopefully I'm wrong (I have been wrong about everything so far!).
Click to expand...
I hate how plausible this is.

Still have at least one avenue to pursue, however (which in the worst case scenario results in a nice trip...)
Reactions:
Rochester and Louis Calvert