Emperor
Dec 9, 2023
#32,419
Rochester said:
The Cosmological model universe

For a long time Ive seen a number of systems which always made me think of John Milton’s concept of Hell and importantly his cosmological model universe.

John Milton’s wove various geospatial references into his work not only to champion science and astronomy but importantly to enable the reader orientation to comprehend the vastness of the cosmos. Studying Raxxla I obviously became aware of Michael Brookes passion for this text, it only seemed logical that in relation to Raxxla that certain references might be repeated in game, and if so they likewise could be used for a similar orientation.

In Paradise Lost, Milton outlines a large number of geographical locations by name, or indirectly via metaphor or allegory. I now believe that similar constructs exist in game, and the author Brookes has utilised various aspects to outline layered zones, creating a cosmological micro-cosmos, combining a wide number of mythological realms into one harmonious entity.

The ultimate purpose remains an unknown, but my speculation is that Michael integrated his unpublished book The space In between into the game, I presume this formed part (may still does) of an archeological narrative, now retconned. I now without any shadow of doubt believe the architecture exists in game; and it is this architecture that the Codex reflects upon.

I am very well aware the following associations may be the result of cultural or pattern bias, and many of these aspects do share an archeological shared heritage; however, the fact they are not random, nor uniform but in alignment as well as sharing links to associated fiction, namely that attributed to Michael Brookes and Robert Holdstock; is enough to establish in my experienced opinion, that these are all highly likely all placed intentionally.

In no necessary order then; I will begin to outline these various zones, some of which are known to us already, where applicable I won’t go into detail but simply reference or condense previous investigations.

Please note: these findings are not definitive and may change over time as new data is identified or expanded or corrected.



Within game there exists two very large but distinct areas where systems are named after deities reside.

This zone is limited and doesn’t extend outside the bubble, the upper area is populated by systems named after ‘higher gods’ such as parental or creation gods. The lower area is likewise populated by gods named after water, death or the underworld.

Of interest in relation to this area and Raxxla is the associations which can be drawn to John Milton and Robert Holdstock. Firstly in Paradise Lost John Milton; attributed all non Christian gods or his ‘older gods’ as fallen angels, ergo demons. Therefore from a Miltonian model universe perspective, such deities would be positioned correctly.

Secondly this alignment could be said to fit a link back to Robert Holdstock book The List Realms where he used the phrase ‘as above so below’ to describe the valid heaven and hell.






Similarly to these older gods a certain collection of those systems can be identified to relate to specifically to various sub-groups which fall into prescriptive zones, or layers, namely deities linked to Storms, Water and the Underworld.

As well as organising these ‘Older Gods’ into intentional uniform groups, such categorisation defines clear boundaries, especially the Storm gods, which obviously form a spherical bubble, which likewise sits on top of the water deity’s and those similarly on top of those designated as being in the underworld.

This theory is of importance because it links to the concept of ‘the waters of creation’ and the ‘waters of death’ within the story of Gilgamesh, specifically it also links into the concept in John Milton’s cosmological model which identifies the realm of Chaos within Paradise Lost.

These zones likewise can be ascribed to the concepts outlined by Robert Holdstock, namely as water being boundary which had to be traversed to gain entry to the Celtic ‘Otherword’ a concept I’ve covered previously in relation to the Lost Realms.

Of note as in other zones Michael Brookes wrote a Drabble about one of these systems, namely Lei Gong.








A number of systems do exist named after various wind gods, denoting the classical Greek compass. Not all are present and there appears to be no direct uniformity except that of North and South.

I believe such omissions are intentional, as a method to obfuscate they’re meaning, because when this compass is layered over other identifiable systems or zones whose biography is likewise attributed to a north / south relationship, a correlation occurs which identifies an intentional orientation.








The story of Gilgamesh covers a number of stories and in game many of these entities are actually named, and within relative close proximity to each other inside the bubble.

Initially there are the deities linked to the waters of creation Tiamat (the waters above) and Apsu (the waters below). When compared with the other zone identified above Apsu is below the identified zone of water, in the zone for the Underworld.

Note this alignment correlates to other zones identified in my hypothesis, namely that of the ‘mountains’ which are covered below.

Notably the goddess Tiamat was the subject of one of Michael Brookes drabbles; associated with the creation of the stars, and I speculate that Michael used his public writings to drop indirect hints, and such information adds significance to this and other systems. I suspect given her locality, she is one potentially strong candidate for the Mother of Galaxies.

‘



.’ M Brookes.

And of those gods above, these gave birth to other gods, including the great gods, Enlil and Anu, who were too afraid challenge and fight Tiamat, and so employed Marduk to ultimately kill her.

Enlil had a sister, Aruru who made Enkidu (not in game?) the good friend and companion of Gilgamesh.

Gilgamesh ruled over the kingdom of Uruk, which in turn was set upon by the deity Anu. Gilgamesh’s mother was named Ninsun, who as with her son, prayed to the god Shamash.

Shamash is of course of importance in ED because of its recent association with Thetis and the mysterious whispering signal.

Considering Shamash’s link to the story of Gilgamesh, there are potential academic concepts that link her to Thetis in a parallel between Achilles and Gilgamesh.



When Gilgamesh prays to Shamash, she tells him to travel through the Cedar mountains (not in game) to the blessed land of Mashu (not in game) passing via a tunnel to the realm of Dmun (not in game) which was situated by "the Waters of Death". Where the deity Ishtar later appeared to Gilgamesh.

When seen in relation to the zone of storms, these systems all fall within this sphere of influence. Of note Gilgamesh journey is reflected by Holdstock as a Celtic prototype referenced in The Lost Realms and more so in his story Ragthorn, which likewise references his mythological attempts to obtain a magical thorny plant of immortality from the underworld!

It’s possible then the current narrative involving the two systems, Shamash and Thetis is linked to Raxxla, given Gilgameshes wider narrative involvement which mirrors that of Holdstocks works and John Milton, involving journeys to the underworld, and likewise the references to Gilgamesh’s journey to obtain the ‘thorn of youth’ I speculate is referred to in the Codex by the clever use of ‘Art Tornqvist’ or ‘thorny branch’.

There is another parallel where a deity called Ereshkigal was forcibly abducted not just to the Underworld similar in that respect of Persephone. This element of the story is now thought to be a miss interpretation of the text, but nevertheless in game an assortment of systems do exist, namely that of Irkalla which is either an alternate name for Ereshkigal - the queen of the underworld - or the demon who dragged her there, never the less Irkalla is in game just below Pandemoni and when drawn is shown to have an unusual alignment with Ereshkigal.

I propose therefore that the systems of Gilgamesh are included in game as another intentional Robert Holdstock easter egg, and that Gilgamesh is like Milton’s Satan. Is another prototype for the ‘vagabond’ mentioned within the Codex.






The segment within the Codex makes mention of the lost cities of Gold, Atlantis and Prester John. This I’ve already established is an allegory for the Robert Holdstock book ‘The Lost Realms’ as many of those locations exist in game, and all within a tight focal area, around systems named after the Axis Mundi or the Greek Underworld, and specifically at the base of Norse world tree Yggdrasil.

This correlates with the collective concept of a shared cosmological ‘Otherworld’ described by Holdstock in many of his works, especially that of ‘Ragthorn’.

Of note this zone is also within the hypothetical ‘Mountains’ zone, this is of importance because Holdstock refers that in various cultures access to the Otherworld was via water or through mountains, a similar mechanism potentially first established in the Epic of Gilgamesh, also referred to by Holdstock in The lost Reams and Ragthorn.

Of note this zone falls inside the Underworld zone, and in comparison I identify this area as a combination of Celtic and the Miltonian underworld.

In considering Ragthorn it’s also to identify there exists a two systems of triad goddesses, one above and one below. In Holdstocks Ragthorn such gods were used to denote a secret location!

In game I believe these triad goddesses denote the extremis of this cosmological model, in certain lost zones they are linked and collectively identify the zones of heaven and of hell.

Of note: Michael Brookes wrote a Drabble about one of these goddesses Badb who bus one of these goddesses






The Shibboleth system is an interesting addition, granted this is very close to tin foil and I identify a certain level of bias toward this hypothesis, I like elegant complex puzzles, and some of this is just too peculiar to be concrete enough for anyone else to put together so, I’m unsure of its versatility.

The Shibboleth is linked due to the naming of one of its planets to the story of the Finnish magical Sampo device, itself an unusual example described as an Axis Mundi; in the story it was potentially lost at sea in the realm of the sea god Ahti, that system is not only suspiciously close to the half way point in this cosmological model, but is also extremely close to the system LTT 606 noted for its unusual named station Marianne's Journey to Arcadia. You can see where we’re going here!

The alignment between these two systems when extended falls interestingly close to the upper and lower triad goddess identified previously via the Lost Realms systems in game. How very odd.

This is doubly intriguing due to the close proximity and similarly aligned Brookes Galactic Tour along a similar path!

These systems are also suspicious due to their spatial alignment with my concept below in relation to the zone of ‘Chaos’. Which I believe identifies them as some type of central axis point that links the two triad goddesses.

The system Shibboleth is equally suspicious because of an alignment with certain systems referenced in Micheal Brookes Drabbles namely Tiamat, Lei Gong and Badb.

When these systems are triangulated the system Shibboleth looks to be along or equal to the relative centre of this zone?

Equally weird is if we also triangulated the midpoints of the Norse Norms and the Greek Fates and align our point of view along this axis; that same midpoint between Shibboleth and the Drabbles align… and one of the closest systems (amongst others) is the system Siren….

This alignment points to a place between Shibboleth and Siren.

How incredibly percular!








There are a number of systems with bodies named after various mountains or hills, the majority have Hindu, Norse or Celtic origins.

Robert Holdstock talks specifically of mountains, within his book the Lost Realms, including a concept for a ‘world mountain’ as potential passageways towards the ‘otherworld’, and Micheal Brookes likewise had utilised the term in relation to a Celtic otherworld on a few occasions.

Likewise in the story of Gilgamesh (in game) involved the protagonist travelling through the Cedar Mountains of Mashu (not in game) passing via a tunnel to the realm of Dmun (not in game) to "the Waters of Death".

When these mountains are over-layered with all the other zones, they do advocate a correlation with the zone of waters and may act as a barrier to the Otherworld, in relation to the various historical references identified Ive come to speculate that this is now intentional, a great deal is still an unknown but they visual associations I feel cannot be denied.








Within the Lost Realms zone is a realm denoting the Greek underworld, this encompasses Pandemonium as the capital of John Milton’s Hell.

Of interest is that Milton notes it was not the actual centre, but it was upon a southernly direction away from the central a lake of fire.

If we apply the identified Greek compass, upon a shifted axis Pandemonium does look to be within a southern position, relative to the hypothetical centre of hell.

Milton further establishes the boundary of hell by identifying how the gates of hell were upon a southernly direction, away from Pandemonium, this is important because from this position we are then presented with the location of another key realm of Paradise Lost, that of the furthest area of Chaos.

Within the story of Paradise Lost, Satan travels to Eden out of Hell upon a well documented route from these gates. If we establish that Eden is metaphor in game for Raxxla, based upon the FD Milton quote about the Pendant world, and the Codex use of the ‘jewel that burns’ then if we can establish the boundaries of Milton’s universe in game, it might help our orientation.

The following map then identifies Hells Gate as being on the outermost zone of John Milton’s Hell, beyond a cold frozen zone encircled by the Lethe.



Previously I misquoted Milton, believing that Hells gate was in the vaulted roof of Hell, but this was an error on my part, and the following passages actually helps to clarify where Satan flew and in what direction.

‘

’ J Milton.

In this passage Milton is describing the optical illusion called Fata Morgana, where a far off object upon the horizon actually looks to be much higher up in the sky. The translation means of Arthurian legend.

In this respect Satan is simply flying over and along the surface, in particular not upwards but within a direct southerly direction, and this optical illusion is s applied to advocate he had reached the outer rim of Hell because the vaulted ceiling arose from this far off exterior wall; obviously this matches the historical image shown above.

I wanted to understand this, to affirm the direction of a suspected zone I felt had some context…but until now had not fully identified. We have an underworld, but supposedly no Miltonian Chaos. If we could identify that we might identify the gates, and likewise a perimeter.

Then the next passage goes on to describe the gates, but no distinction is actually made of their exact location. However, within the text a location is later conveyed in context to the reverberation of sound of the gates make when being opened. The name of Erebus is given as resonating with that sound, I had missed this previously!

In Greek mythology Erebus is described as a region one must pass through to reach the underworld, as a synonym for Hades or Tartarus. In game I thought this highly unusual, because Tartarus is some distance away, and never attributed it as being as an entrance.

‘’. J Milton.

So here Erebus is being described as shaking, yet it is likewise described as having a shape, and it’s lowest area is that which resonates… in Milton’s Hell there is no lowest realm, and above it is only the realm of Chaos, so I initially thought why would this be used so, if not to say the lowest part of hell shook, yet in game it is very far spaced from the Greek named systems?

Similarly in game, and relatively close by to Erebus is the system Nyx, which in Greek mythology was denoted as the personification of Night and like Erebus the offspring of Chaos.

Interestingly as a side note: between these two systems exists the African deity Mulungu, the highest of sky gods, the creator, but who has removed themselves totally from the tribulations of man, in some cultures they are thought to be a ‘sleeping’ god or that they reside in the underworld. I find it perplexing because one of its minor none player factions is called ‘The Independent Nation of Yggdrasil’ - how odd.

So Erebus in terms of Milton must mean Chaos, in Milton’s universe the primordial turmoil from which our world was formed, which sat beyond those gates of hell.

To those not aware in Paradise Lost, our universe exists in an enclosed orb, hanging from the walls of heaven, between heaven and hell (which sits below) is the realm of Chaos.

Satan travels through the gates of hell and up through Chaos with no real clue as to where to go except up. He actually gets a little lost, but by accident finds the deity Chaos on her throne, who kindly tells Satan where to find Paradise…

When these systems are highlighted and the zone of Storm’s overlayed we see they actually fall neatly upon its circumference at its southern region.

Now if we reapply the Greek compass Erebus looks to be at the southern most part of this alignment. This zone also end by the Lethe. Erebus and Nyx therefore either denote the location of the boundary of Chaos or and the Thrown of Chaos from Paradise Lost?





I postulate these zones do correlate to identify a central area namely the spherical realm of John Milton’s Chaos.

Far above this zone of Chaos sits the Norse Norns and the Greek Fates, as well as numerous Northern deities identified via my ‘older god’s’ and ‘Yggdrasil’ hypothesis, of importance the triad goddesses. The Greek compass also aligns here, establishing a clear north and south divide. This upper zone I feel identifies the realm of heaven the Empyrean.

We now know where Milton’s zone of chaos exists in game, and relatively from this where the Empyrean exists and the Underworld.

I believe this is a map of John Milton’s cosmology, which is rather spectacular not only because it identifies a supporting architecture, but it potentially identifies two or three areas for considering Raxxla.

Considering the various associations and obvious relative placement of these systems I believe all were intentionally hand placed to construct a wide cosmological model universe, reflecting the story of John Milton, Gilgamesh and various aspects championed by Robert Holdstock.

Firstly in reflection of Paradise Lost the locational information from that text identifies ‘Eden/Paradise’ the pendant world aka Raxxla, ought to hang from the wall of heaven, outside the zone of chaos.

Of note this location is likely to be close to the roof of this cosmological model, in this context this in game is relatively the centre around of the Norse Norns, which sit directly upon the circumference of Chaos.

Upon this alignment is another peculiar system Purisaz, which is a a weird mis-spelling of a Norse Rune linked to ‘Thorns’.

Purisaz is aligned with another Norse Rune system within the Lost Realms zone… and is of interest because Robert Holdstock used the ‘Rune of Thorn’ to denote the location of a mystical secret in his book Ragthorn!

From this speculation I asses Raxxla to be within this sphere of influence!

The intersection of the Shibboleth system in alignment with Ahti, draws a line of sight between the two triad goddesses.

Ahti a deity of water, also sits directly upon the mountain range, it also sits upon the circumstance of the new zone of Chaos….

From this speculation I asses Raxxla to potentially be within this sphere of influence!



Equally around this area there is the peculiar alignment of the Greek Fates, the Norse Norns, M Brookes Drabbles and the shibboleth.

From this speculation I asses Raxxla to potentially be within this sphere of influence!



The Lost Realms Zone sits below the zone of Chaos, and comparably is in opposition to the zone of heaven.

As previously mentioned the Lost Realms represent the ‘Otherworld’ and also fall squarely inside and below the zone of mountains, which in mythology had to be traversed to get to the otherworld. Within this zone is the system Axis Mundi falls along the hypothetical path of Satan falling from heaven denoted by the system Fall, and that path identified by Demeter and Persephone.

Of note if a line of sight is drawn from the Fall to Axis Mundi it passes through Chaos. Below the zone of Lost Realms exists the zone linked to triad Goddesses, which align via the Shibboleth and the Brooke’s Tours, higher up the alignment of Tiamat and Apsu likewise align. These collectively identify another potential area for investigation.

From this speculation I asses Raxxla to be within this sphere of influence!



Transmission ends.
Click to expand...

Very intriguing and undeniably pre-planned......

Have you plotted the Izanagi and Izanami systems on your mapping?
Last edited: Dec 9, 2023
Reactions:
Rochester and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian