Emperor
Dec 9, 2023
#32,405
Louis Calvert said:
From what Drew said Brookes had significant input in the development of the Thargoid narrative; they were his 'lovecraftian nightmares' in many ways (and originally intended to be far more terrifying than they are now).
From our dear friend of the this thread.... Dr Allen Stroud...

The Quest To Find Raxxla
Codex Fun; Ok lets start with the Children's story of Princess Astrophel and the Spiraling Stars Just looking at Elite Dangerous material... We have the return of a Classic Children's Show in Galnet.... The Andromedaries... a story about Camels in Space. I like to think its referring to the...
forums.frontier.co.uk

"Browsing around today I noticed a lot of inaccurate attribution on a few websites. I thought it might be helpful to clarify a few things:

Initial background guidebook discussion group:

David Braben (Frontier)
Michael Brookes (Frontier)
Andrew Gillett (Frontier)
Allen Stroud
T James

Dave Hughes was invited into the group at my suggestion.

Allocation of drafting work:

Empire, Alliance, Federation - Allen Stroud
Collation of existing fiction - Michael Brookes
Initial Old Worlds region timeline work - Dave Hughes
Thargoids - T James

Later addtions:

Covert Ops - Allen Stroud (Most of this was never used).
Interstellar Police and Law Enforcement - Allen Stroud (Most of this was never used).
Corporate Guide Book - Allen Stroud
Stardreamer technology and Invention of Mark 3 Hyperdrives (last document I wrote. Not sure if it was used).
Some stuff on Artificial Intelligence, a few additional star system notes - Allen Stroud

Note, this was drafting work. Most of the documents were produced and then edited and changed by Frontier in the discussion and outside of the discussion with their own teams.

There was substantive discussion over the Elite game context (Old Worlds) and how it would be incorporated into the game. In the end, as there didn't seem to be much agreement, and we were all on a deadline, I wrote the guidebook for that as well.

These were the only people involved in the discussions in that period. I can't speak for anything later.

There are one or two wikis which seem to suggest other people were involved. They weren't.

A lot of the guidebook material that was produced ended up as the the text for many of the tourist beacons, a fact that continually makes me smile."

Of course MB may have had more input after the drafting/guidebook but looks like T James did the initial work... but thought I'd point out the first hand knowledge on who did what early on....
Reactions:
Rochester and Louis Calvert