Louis Calvert
Jan 23, 2024
#33,098
selbie said:
From what I understand of the early Canonn report the signal is effectively galaxy-wide so long as you are roughly pointed towards the source, correct?
Yes. I've tested this extensively too. It's the same everywhere, except within the influence of landable planets.
selbie said:
So if there was another 'map' piece shouldn't it also be detectable from a certain direction anywhere in the galaxy? Unless it takes a different form it seems fairly implausible to have a companion source somewhere else.
My theory is that the reson the Landscape signal can be seen "through" other sources is specifically so you can combine the audio from it with something else.

So for example:

You find a planet that's making a strange sound locally, you position your ship so the planet is between you and the centre of the Galaxy, the sound from the Landscpae Signal combines with the planet to fill in one of the blank areas.

So, to be specific, as per my post here, I believe the Landscape Signal is the "blank map" and there are local* sources of audio (local to a planet or star system) that you combine to fill in bits of the signal, thus creating the whole map. I believe that's what the Raxxla Logo is showing us too:



* Local as in: within systems that only is detectable within the system, or maybe even near to the object, like specific planets or space stations, etc.

My assumption is that we're supposed to be looking for the "effects of the Sirens" within the game lore and narratives. Halsey and Gan fit with the Codex as per my post here, and I believe they are markers as to what we're looking for.

selbie said:
Similarly if it's an object floating in the void between stars, the game will only generate content from the star system you arrived into, so you would need to supercruise from multiple nearby systems to actually stumble across this thing.... quite a formidable effort.

To be clear this doesn't prove that it is not a map piece or object, but it does indicate that the signal itself is likely a standalone piece of information. Possibly to guide us NEARBY the location of another clue. Basically a game of galactic Hot & Cold
I agree, I don't think the signal is supposed to be reached - OR - if it's supposed to be reached, it's not done by wildly flying around.
Reactions:
Quaero, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Rochester and 1 other person