Rochester
Jan 23, 2024
#33,100
Louis Calvert said:
Yes. I've tested this extensively too. It's the same everywhere, except within the influence of landable planets.

My theory is that the reson the Landscape signal can be seen "through" other sources is specifically so you can combine the audio from it with something else.

So for example:

You find a planet that's making a strange sound locally, you position your ship so the planet is between you and the centre of the Galaxy, the sound from the Landscpae Signal combines with the planet to fill in one of the blank areas.

So, to be specific,, I believe the Landscape Signal is the "blank map" and there are sources of audio (local to a planet or star system) that you combine to fill in bits of the signal, thus creating the whole map. I believe that's what the Raxxla Logo is showing us too:



* Local as in: within systems that only is detectable within the system, or maybe even near to the object, like specific planets or space stations, etc.

My assumption is that we're supposed to be looking for the "effects of the Sirens" within the game lore and narratives. Halsey and Gan fit with the Codex as , and I believe they are markers as to what we're looking for.


I agree, I don't think the signal is supposed to be reached - OR - if it's supposed to be reached, it's not done by wildly flying around.
Click to expand...
I understand now, so in theory the signal broadcasts ‘everywhere’, the signal source is effectively irrelevant, but the point of listening isn’t?

That there exists only one location in the galaxy which is a fulcrum and these signals align only at that point to become ‘harmonious’?

This location then may be what the Codex, identifies, fly to that particular zone and listen and we understood?

This makes sense to me, and ties nicely with the ‘silent song of the spheres’ concept and the visions about the caretakers of the galaxy. It affects only certain people because they were in the correct place, to hear it.

So the quest continues as normal, except rather than trying to only look for some unremarkable moon etc we also need to consider the audio.

Obstacles:
The obvious downside is not everyone is an audio engineer (unless we work collectively), or unless said signal become incredibly obvious, like a moment of enlightenment!

If Raxxla is not initially visual nor physical no wonder no one’s found it, granted said signal when decrypted could still point us elsewhere, but how many of us play with the sound down/off?

I would hope good design work to have also incorporated a visual cue as well, as is with the ‘visions’ - an area of the void illuminated?
Last edited: Jan 23, 2024
Reactions:
Quaero, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Louis Calvert