Mecrutio
M
Jan 22, 2024
#33,086
Louis Calvert said:
The origin of the signal seems to exist between any known systems. My post here shows a 3D image of that area of space (and my post a couple later shows some more) that combine the Canonn theory with the IRH original identification. Your own investigation is also in the same vicinity.

View attachment 381656

I personally remain sceptical about Canonn's theory about the boxel corner, since Fdev have confirmed that the Landscape Signal is "working as designed", therefore it's placement is as it's supposed to be.

I do think we're supposed to have done exactly what you and many of us have done, tracked the signal to approximately that location and determine that the origin lies between systems - therefore unreachable by conventional means. I also do think ( and many others recently) that the Raxxla Codex points us towards the Landscape Signal - and therefore it does belong here if you want to keep posting on this thread

As I've said before, that really leaves two options:
I lean towards #2

* yet?
Click to expand...
Ty, I'll stay here.
The 3D model shows what I found, only that intersection is between 2 systems. Juenae WC-E C1-437 and Stuemeae JM-W C1-5825. When I was aligned to the signal from other systems, I found that my results matched CMDR PublicStaticVoids. The direction of travel can not be triangulated. Meaning 3 vectors do not align to a single point. Because of this I agree with #1 and #2 of your reply. The obvious approach has failed, it's time for the "other way".

Another thing that crossed my tin foil hat is that maybe (in the intreset finding Raxxla) the DW toast is not describing places to visit, but alignment points. "To Raxxla!" could not be a toast, but after aligning to the Toasts points it could be interpreted as Picards "Engage".

Canonn has another expedition in the works asking for pilots to interact with thirty something Guardian Beacons at the same moment in Apr of 3310. Might be a good idea to hang around the L. sig. at that time.

Until then, I'm gunna stay in my lane and log systems with Canonn. It's a relief that I found this thread as I have never forgotten Raxxla. It's always on simmer in the back of the ol melon.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, selbie, Quaero and 3 others