Jorki Rasalas
Jun 2, 2019
#8,540
Thatchinho said:
Yeah, I’m not disagreeing with that as being a model of how rogue planets are formed.

The issue with it however is that for the galaxy to properly incorporate rogue planets produced that way, the full procgen up to 3300 would have had to be done for every system in the galaxy prior to launch. Now I might have got this wrong, but I’ve always been of the understanding that the full procgen of a system only happens when a cmdr first enters it. (Happy to be corrected on that of course!)

So to create a hypothetical situation, system A is entered for the first time. The full system procgen is done and a rogue planet is expelled from the system as part of that - does it suddenly get added to the Galmap? Or what if it’s trajectory would put it in a system which has already previously been entered and fully generated (with no rogue planet)?

But anyway, that model and what I was talking about aren’t mutually exclusive.

What I said still stands - there’s not really any other option. Assuming the amount and distribution of the source material is sufficient for gravitational clumping to occur but not sufficient for a star to form, then all that’s left is planets and smaller bodies. - although there might always be an effective lower limit on body size due to mass distribution in the source material, which could potentially preclude the above.

It’s kind of academic anyway, as what counts is whether (and if so how) the Stellar Forge has built that stuff in.

Having said all the above, another possible explanation for the RoguePlanet star category being there is so that FD can manually add them to the galaxy if/when they get discovered in Real Life.

Would be a good thing to ask about if anyone meets or knows Dr Ross, or if there’s an appropriate livestream!
Click to expand...

Ah, we’re talking at cross-purposes. I thought the conversation had digressed onto how rogue planets might be formed IRL, but from the above you’re still talking about their appearance in-game. My bad!

In-game I imagine Stellar Forge would have a process to generate a random number of them as exotic star systems and insert them into random positions in the galaxy, presumably as an A? Type system (though there might be a dedicated naming method for them, we haven’t tried looking for that!) because of their low mass.
Reactions:
Thatchinho