CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Feb 14, 2024
#33,430
Louis Calvert said:
Consider how this event, if you believe it's Raxxla-related, fits with anything else we know about Raxxla:
How does an Earthquake on Rhea 3 fit with anything in the Codex?
Is there any previous lore about natural disasters that might be suspiciously linked?
Any previous lore about Rhea 3 or the Rhea system that might be linked?
1: Omphalos Rift in connection to TDW
2: Mythology: Rhea is Cronus' wife. Cronus fearful his children will take over attempted to swallow them. He is tricked into swallowing the Omphalos Stone.
3: There are notable cases of orbital bombardment. Anlave being a key example. I am not sold on this was natural. The orbital bombardment bit is covered by both Guardian codex entries and Guardian Data logs. Further, all 3 Earth-like are less than Earth's mass with a gravity of ~0.7g and atmospheric pressure of ~1.25 - 1.36 atmospheres. In other words, literally perfect for Guardians. The Guardians notably were known for shielded cities to guard against this eventuality. Also, per Peregrina and the planet Undine (see Undine mythology) the children of Guardians look human but can shapeshift at whim taking any human form they need. The Undines are what the siren and mermaid stories are based upon. Sirens of the deepest void...

So, to review, the Titans, though humanity calls them Thargoids appears to potentially be the traditional branch of that civilization. Humans apparently got their technology from the progressive branch that live amongst us. Anyway, those giant portals on the Titans may be the traditional branch version of the Omphalos Rift. Cracking a Titan (if it were to work - a big if) may grant humanity something like Omphalos Rift. I am not even sure the Thargoids as envisioned by humans even exist. I suspect the Guardian/Thargoid War was the result of some of the fellows being left behind and developing separate from the main group for centuries or millennia (covered in Thargoid and Guardian codexes). In short, humans may have misinterpreted the history here (see what happens to species when a population is separated long-term per Charles Darwin). This grew into what was later known Guardian Civil Wars. In reality, we are dealing with a species at war with itself for many millions of years.

I suppose it is kind of fitting our base of operations is Darwin Research Facility asteroid base.