Jorki Rasalas
Feb 14, 2024
#33,423
simulacrae said:
Someone had fun with Sophia Trevino

Sophia - wisdom

Trevino - “ The surname Trevino is derived from the Spanish word “treviño,” which has its roots in the Latin word “trivium,” meaning “meeting of three ways” or “crossroads.” This linguistic connection suggests an association with a geographical location where three roads converge.”

So earthquakes at Rhea with a reporter named - wisdom of the crossroads ….. They trying to tell us something?

Edit: Also Len Kennelly ….

Len short for Leonard? Lion hearted?

Kennelly - “The original Gaelic form of the name Kennelly is O Cinnfhaolaidh, which is derived from "ceann," which means "head," and "faol," which means "wolf."”

Ya i get a kick out of their name choices
Click to expand...
Mmm. Could be a Raxxla clue. I'm no longer reading Galnet but I've already pointed out that "trivium/trivia" (i.e. three-way crossroads) is pertinent. From my notes:

Hecate: three-faced goddess of crossroads & boundaries (Raxxla's logo asterisk!), key holder of gateways, rulership over earth, sea, and sky, as well as a more universal role as Saviour, Mother of Angels and the Cosmic World Soul, protector of travel and of the crossroads (“trivia” - "three ways"), realms outside or beyond the world of the living. Chthonic and nocturnal character led to her transformation into a goddess heavily associated with witchcraft, witches, magic, and sorcery (whisperer in wktchspace?). Hecate was the muse of all true poetry, the "original" and most predominant ancient Triple Moon Goddess (maiden/mother/crone, crescent moon/full moon/ dark moon, Lucina/Diana/ Hecate, realms of heavens/earth/underworld). Some say that Lucina is the goddess of birth, Diana of growth, and Hecate of death. Diana triformis: Diana, Luna (or Selene), and Hecate? In Lucan's work (LUC. B.C. 6:700-01), the witches speak of “Persephone, who is the third and lowest aspect of our goddess Hecate". Graves explained, "As Goddess of the Underworld she was concerned with Birth, Procreation and Death. As Goddess of the Earth she was concerned with the three seasons of Spring, Summer and Winter: she animated trees and plants and ruled all living creatures. As Goddess of the Sky she was the Moon, in her three phases of New Moon, Full Moon, and Waning Moon...(i.e. Luna- Jewel on brow of Mother (Gaia) of galaxies). As the New Moon or Spring she was a girl; as the Full Moon or Summer she was woman; as the Old Moon or Winter she was hag." Graves said the triad to be Kore, Persephone and Hecate with Demeter the general name of the goddess
- in-game systems Triviatii, Hecate ?

Trivium links to Hecate, which could be the answer toevery line of The Toast, and is pertinent to key/lock (in a door) from the old E/F TDW-related mission.

Edit. I spent some time exploring in & around Hecate- IIRC the megaship there holds the permit ("key"?) To the adjacent system where I also searched. But long before that in my "Raxxla in Sol" hypothesis days I searched Rhea -see the Cronos/Rhea/Zeus/Omphalos stone ancient Greek myth.

Edit2: mm, so there's a system named Rhea? And it's not far from Sol! Wasn't aware! And Felicia Winters hailed from there? Mmm, methinks that system might be worth a search!

Edit3: according to Wikipedia in an obscure temple frieze Hecate assisted Rhea in saving Zeus from being eaten by his father Cronus. The frieze shows Hecate presenting to Cronus the swaddled stone (i.e. the Omphalos)
Last edited: Feb 14, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, simulacrae and Han_Zen