Louis Calvert
Feb 14, 2024
#33,422
It is hugely suspicious that there just so happened to be an unprecedented earthquake on the homeworld of the incoming president... but...

In the year 3310 where we can manipulate the fabric of reality to travel at superluminal velocity, terraform planets, and have recently fought off an alien invasion, I wouldn't be surprised if it was possible to make an Earthquake device. I assume that at the very least, flying a ship at high Supercruise with the safeties off directly into a planet would cause the devastation we're seeing on Rhea 3 (you wouldn't see it happen, since it's travelling faster-than-light). Especially as Hudson is the military favourite and they blew up a ship back when Jasmina Halsey wanted to cut military budgets. Winters has announced governmental reforms that are similar to the ones Halsey wanted to introduce.

Consider how this event, if you believe it's Raxxla-related, fits with anything else we know about Raxxla:
How does an Earthquake on Rhea 3 fit with anything in the Codex?
Is there any previous lore about natural disasters that might be suspiciously linked?
Any previous lore about Rhea 3 or the Rhea system that might be linked?
Non-Raxxla explanation for this:
I see you examining names and seeing the crossroads reference, and I think: This is a crossroads for the Federation: one path leads down Hudson being a permanent dictator, and another road leads towards the dismantling of the military-state and opening of federal democracy.

I see the Rhea reference and I think: In Greek mythology Rhea functioned as the pivot point in Cronus' total domination, by subverting his ambitions and allowing Zeus to eventually defeat Cronus and establish a new order. The narrative mirroring here could easily be that Winters (Rhea) is challenging Hudson (Cronus) for the future of the Federation - symbolically.

The connection between the Federation and Greek Gods is also vaguely established because the Greek gods live on Mount Olympus. Mars (Federal HQ) has the volcano Olympus Mons.

Not saying any of this is correct, but just that there's non-Raxxla related explanations that fit too so, I feel like if it's Raxxla-related there needs to be a connection to what little we do know from the Codex and lore.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Quaero, simulacrae and 1 other person