Ian Doncaster
Feb 14, 2024
#33,426
D7 said:
So many clues are so non-leading to anywhere and so far from any connection to anything else that they leave you spending so much time running around to dead ends while others were gaining $ to buy better ships and find more ELW's . It doesn't take long before people start to say to themselves ' why am I wasting all this time with seemingly endless disconnected clues while everyone else is gaining, $, system discoveries, and rank increases.

The other thing is that the game world is absolutely huge - 20,000 systems in the bubble, for example. So I tend to play fairly "sub-optimally", hop around, see the sights, go from one system to the next rather than stick on the same A-B route forever. I think in all my jumping around visiting the three superpowers and lots of places in between I found very little of obvious interest in the "tinfoil" sense (though of course I was enjoying myself):
- a custom mission template or two at Synteini (this was way back in 1.x, might not have been there exactly) related to Torval's slave-trading operations
- a few lucky finds of rare good generation (beyond the ones which engineer unlocks point you at)
- probably a bunch of other things I didn't even consider significant at the time and have since long forgotten

Sure, multiplied up by several thousand players more things than that got spotted and various groups did aim to systematically document them. But I think this is the first time in several years I've mentioned that Synteini mission on the forums - it was a nice detail, it was apparently just flavour text and the mission itself was just another courier mission, obviously I didn't take a screenshot or anything because "busy playing the game" so I can't even remember now if it was for or against Torval in terms of flavour.

So it's not just "everyone was min-maxing" - some of us were playing too casually to consider "oh, this mission has slightly different flavour" as potentially being a major clue to something big that should be reported on the forums.

D7 said:
Also, it became obvious early on that this game is about combat and fighting. It's not really a discovery and exploration game. It just so happened to have a great stellar forge because some dudes had that in their skill set and got paid to implement it. So it created a huge galaxy of never before visited star systems that people could wander around in... aimlessly as they would soon find out.
It very much depends on what you call "exploration", I think. The original Elite was very much a space combat game in terms of "what you spent most of your in-game time doing". The trade was just there as a justification for why you were out there getting shot at, and there was no exploration at all in the stereotypical "Elite Dangerous" sense because every system was inhabited. But in the sense of you travelling across a game world larger than most players would ever systematically explore, there was certainly still exploration from a personal perspective [1].

Similarly in Elite Dangerous there's a full-scale galaxy (regardless of gameplay use) because David Braben is a big astronomy fan - but the actual designed "exploration" gameplay is mainly in or close to the bubble and doesn't resemble what the [long-range] exploration communities think of as exploration very much. (A lot of the Thargoid Titan content is what I would call exploration, for example, just not Exploration)


[1] Which I didn't appreciate so much until I started playing Oolite: it has a few minor variations from Elite - while keeping the point that travelling 100 LY from one end of a chart to the other is still a big journey - which make the exploration aspect much more obvious.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Quaero, Han_Zen and 1 other person