D7
D
Feb 14, 2024
#33,429
Ian Doncaster said:
The other thing is that the game world is absolutely huge - 20,000 systems in the bubble, for example. So I tend to play fairly "sub-optimally", hop around, see the sights, go from one system to the next rather than stick on the same A-B route forever. I think in all my jumping around visiting the three superpowers and lots of places in between I found very little of obvious interest in the "tinfoil" sense (though of course I was enjoying myself):
- a custom mission template or two at Synteini (this was way back in 1.x, might not have been there exactly) related to Torval's slave-trading operations
- a few lucky finds of rare good generation (beyond the ones which engineer unlocks point you at)
- probably a bunch of other things I didn't even consider significant at the time and have since long forgotten

Sure, multiplied up by several thousand players more things than that got spotted and various groups did aim to systematically document them. But I think this is the first time in several years I've mentioned that Synteini mission on the forums - it was a nice detail, it was apparently just flavour text and the mission itself was just another courier mission, obviously I didn't take a screenshot or anything because "busy playing the game" so I can't even remember now if it was or Torval in terms of flavour.

So it's not just "everyone was min-maxing" - some of us were playing too to consider "oh, this mission has slightly different flavour" as potentially being a major clue to something big that should be reported on the forums.


It very much depends on what you call "exploration", I think. The original Elite was very much a space combat game in terms of "what you spent most of your in-game time doing". The trade was just there as a justification for why you were out there getting shot at, and there was no exploration at all in the stereotypical "Elite Dangerous" sense because every system was inhabited. But in the sense of you travelling across a game world larger than most players would ever systematically explore, there was certainly still exploration from a personal perspective [1].

Similarly in Elite Dangerous there's a full-scale galaxy (regardless of gameplay use) because David Braben is a big astronomy fan - but the actual designed "exploration" gameplay is in or close to the bubble and doesn't resemble what the [long-range] exploration communities think of as exploration very much. (A lot of the Thargoid Titan content is what I would call exploration, for example, just not Exploration)


[1] Which I didn't appreciate so much until I started playing Oolite: it has a few minor variations from Elite - while keeping the point that travelling 100 LY from one end of a chart to the other is still a journey - which make the exploration aspect much more obvious.
Click to expand...

I appreciate your perspective - sorry if I was a little a bit of a rag the other day. I don't know how or why I got into that mode.

When I first started playing the game I stayed in the bubble only long enough to do the grind and get some good ships. I soon after left it years ago because I couldn't land at a star and SC to the planets without getting interdicted over and over and over. I soon decided that doing missions or carrying cargo meant constant interdiction's and sometimes combat just to solve puzzles - which annoyed me, and frankly puzzled me. So I have spent years exploring mostly outward systems at all ends of the galaxy. Pretty much out of shear boredom I recently came back from my main stay (a triple earth-like system I discovered) which was 60,000 LY from Lave because I saw the Codex and decided I would try to find the keys to getting a DW contact.
Last edited: Feb 14, 2024
Reactions:
Quaero, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, marx and 2 others