Louis Calvert
Jan 29, 2018
#1,559
Jaiotu said:
Okay. So. The logic:

In 1980 Robert Holdstock's The Alien World, written under the pseudonym of Steven Eisler, is published. This is the first known reference to something named "Raxxla" and also contains a reference to a people collectively known as The Dark Wheel. A people who had been displaced in time and space by passing through a wormhole.

In 1981 Robert Holdstock's Where Time Winds Blow is published. As the name suggests Time Travel is a key element within the narrative. It may just be possible that Holdstock was aware of a very obscure time travel novel published in 1939 by, of all people, a nun named Sister Mary Catherine. This particular novel, now long out of print and largely forgotten, had a very interesting title: The Dark Wheel.

The title page of S.M.C.'s The Dark Wheel contains a quote:

"Not thine to understand
How the two worlds accord,—
The will of Love, our Lord,
With this dark wheel of Time."


As it turns out "" is a Trilogy of poetic verses by Alfred Noyes. Noyes had been invited to attend the "first light" of the Hooker Telescope at the Mount Wilson Observatory. Book I of this Trilogy, , opens with a prologue subtitled as "The Observatory" and chronicles this event. After the prologue comes seven poems dedicated to seven scientists: Nicolaus Copernicus, Tycho Brahe, Johannes Kepler, Galileo Galilei, Isaac Newton, and William and John Herschel.

The second book of the Trilogy, , starts in ancient Greece with Pythagoras and Aristotle, it then moves to the Middle East for Farabi and Avicenna. The scene then shifts successively to Italy for Leonardo, France for Guettard, Sweden for Linnaeus, France again for Buffon, Lamarck, Lavoisier, and Cuvier, and then Germany for Goethe, before ending in England with Darwin.

The third book, in which we find The Dark Wheel quote, chronicles a ship at sea on which a young girl is dying. Her chances aren't good ... until it is discovered that a specialist from John Hopkins is on another ocean liner that is within wireless range. This specialist can talk the surgeon through the operation leading to the possibility that "they" may save her after all.

Reflecting on this the poet realizes that "They" are all the seekers and discoverers of scientific truths through the ages – people like Harvey, Pasteur and Lister in the field of medicine or Faraday, Maxwell and Hertz in the development of the wireless.

Circling back around ... if there is a connection tying Holdstock to Noyes through Sister Mary Catherine then it is quite possible that whatever star the Hooker Telescope beheld on that November night 101 years ago just might be a key to finding Raxxla.

...or I could be overestimating Frontier entirely.

That's my kind of tinfoil.

Hooker Telescope is located in Mount Wilson Observatory: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mount_Wilson_Observatory

Sadly although I've found a dozen or so references to it in various places that wiki page seems to contain all the info that I can find, I can't find any that say which star it was pointed at. I guess if anyone lives in LA and can go visit it's possible the staff there might know more than is in the online materials: https://www.mtwilson.edu/visiting/

The telescope is interesting for a few things too:

"Edwin Hubble performed his critical calculations from work on the 100 inches (2.5 m) telescope. He determined that some nebulae were actually galaxies outside our own Milky Way. Hubble, assisted by Milton L. Humason, discovered the presence of the redshift that indicated the universe is expanding"

He pegged Andromeda as a galaxy outside our galaxy.