CMDR RFirsov
Dec 20, 2021
#25,001
And I would also like to discuss it. Tell me, is this art or a screenshot?If this is art, then don't be distracted by this message.But if it's a screenshot...Isn't this an Orbis class station?Her backside. At number one, I noted the lights around the dock entrance.They are red, as if the station is damaged, or running on a small amount of energy.I marked the star in the background with the number 2 (and this is important).Look at her carefully, her glow. DIM LIGHT. This is a non-main sequence star. I believe that this is the star CN,CJ,MS,T,Ae/Be (here you need to look more carefully).The number 3 marked the main "Orbis wheel" in order to understand exactly.With the number 4, I marked the satellite or planet next to which this station is located. Conclusion:in a system with one of the stars listed above, there is an Orbis station that is damaged or not working at full capacity.Next to the star is the planet in whose orbit this Orbis is located...
In addition, they could capture any other class of the station.Or put a picture with a question mark as in the section about RAXXLA (the station is also not known where, anywhere in the galaxy, you know?)
But no, this is exactly the screenshot.

By the way, look at the picture of the Dark Wheel emblem. Wings are depicted in the middle.The elite?Federation of Pilots?Shinrarta?

Give me a foil hat.

And there is also an assumption, my personal one. Jameson Memorial station, can be directed backwards in the direction of one of the prompts, to a certain system. Because the radio antennas and radars, judging by what I saw on the model, are located in the back of the station. But I may be wrong. This is for reflection, maybe you can dig up something. Too many coincidences.

"Straightens the foil cap"

(( And I'm sorry if I'm not writing correctly)Google translator)) ))


And I also have a section in the map settings, in Russian it is written like this: УГЛЕРОДНЫЕ ЗВЕЗДЫ, it is highlighted in yellow.I didn't find any stars in this category.Even in the center of the Milky Way. Maybe you have a different name for this section?(this question is for myself, although maybe this category is also significant, because I didn't see such stars, apparently I didn't look at the map well))))
Last edited: Dec 20, 2021
Reactions:
Louis Calvert