CMDR RFirsov
Dec 20, 2021
#25,002
Merlin StWahgwaan said:
Interesting.....

English Xbox version does not say planet, for reference...

View attachment 281967
Yes, yes, brother, it's interesting.Because when I watched the English forum, I did not understand why people are looking for mystical alien technologies,building delusional theories about planets with engines, about planets that change their location,looking for information in Greek myths and do not understand what they are looking for, a planet, a place,they argue that RAXXLA is a state of cosmic enlightenment, and so on. I was alerted by this and so I decided to ask you.

At the same time, in the Russian community, people are definitely looking for a planet, coordinates, sector.They are trying to figure out the quests ((because of the translation, we know for sure that there is a real Dark Wheel in Shinrarta)) But this is a distraction for working with people.They have an organization, they take over systems.A full-fledged gaming faction.But there is another branch of the Dark Wheel, their directorship, the authorities, whatever you want to perceive.And now they are already somewhere, at this Orbis station, which no one knows about.)) And as I assume, there is a beacon that will lead into the system to Orbis, which is in the screenshot above. This is not a theory out of thin air, but game mechanics. You're not going to argue that this is not in the game?)

Do you feel the difference in information?It's colossal. We have clear concepts, game functions, attempts to search for beacons in systems, attempts to determine the exact coordinates or at least attempts to launch a quest.(Yes, yes, it definitely exists, judging by some names in Russian.For example, I came across a data transfer quest, by courier, with the name of finding something hidden in the dark, I don't remember verbatim and I won't translate it into English, the essence is lost.There it was necessary to transfer the data to the courier at the station, and that's it.
No myths, legends, delusional theories.
Last edited: Dec 20, 2021
Reactions:
Louis Calvert