Han_Zen
Dec 21, 2021
#25,008
Merlin StWahgwaan said:
Agree with Jorki, except the last part, and only because.... FDev, if they were choosing to include Raxxla from day 1, could very well have chose to make a special 'space station', similar to the asteroid stations, that is in fact, the entire inside of a planet.....

Then to us CMDRs, we would see what could very well look and act like a planet from outside/a distance, but when you approach, could have had a large doorway on one side ect, that you could infact just fly into like a station, and the "planet" itself, would just be cloaking/artwork....

That would allow Raxxla to be a planet without landfall information, and also not a planet, and also in game from day one, as it could have been a conscious choice to make it that way....

Ultimately all we know, is that Rougue Planets for example, and X class (exotic) stars, are both in the game files, and possible to exist ingame, which means there could be additional game mechanics, designs, rules, ect.... if Raxxla is a rogue, it could very be that rogues can be hollow, allowing them to move fast and between systems, but then they stuck a station inside one..... or somthing to that effect.... just trying to get the idea across...

Anyways, as Jorki said, no one theory is better than anyone else's at this point so
Click to expand...
On day one, there weren't anything like asteroid stations in the game. Also the object files were not encrypted. Players could see all station types in the game, in plain text.

If Raxxla still is the same as it was on day one, it has to be a regular mundane object.

If I were to bet,my money would be on:
Small planet
Very long orbit
Not scannable

These are things that does not require any special objects / models. It's just settings that can be flipped on a standard body. It also means you can put it in any system you like, without real danger of anyone bumping into it.

FD may of course have switched to a more exotic object, at a later stage.
Reactions:
Crimson Echo, Exekrator and CMDR RFirsov