Han_Zen
Jul 2, 2020
#17,755
Rochester said:
Troubled with fire and transformed in show

Does part of the Raxxa Codex reference the tale of Hercules and Omphale?

A mile of aluminium forthcoming, to reiterate this is a continuation of my hypothesis that Philip Sidney's 'The Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia' is potentially the book referenced within the codex, as opposed to the proposed 'Astrophil and Stella'.


In essence Astrophil is a male prefix but the use of 'Princess' I suggested denotes the feminine.

So I hit a brick wall. In the attempt to find any other potential connections I began a number of random key word searches and I fell across a cerian use of a word, whilst researching 'Mary Sidney, spinning and spiralling'.

What surfaced was the use of the word 'Distaff': used as a symbol to describe the female side of a family, e.g. 'spinners', a derogatory term or a female form of empowerment 'distaffing'.

The word distaff essentially means staff, taking its name from dis, old norse for lady. A ladies staff.

This rang a bell...


The passage here is from 'Acadia' and describes the bejeweled garment of Pyrocles, which was held together using a jeweled clasp dipicting Hercules holding a 'distaff''...and thats when a penny dropped. Pyrocles (who changes into Cleophila) means "troubled with fire"?

Hercules held a distaff when he was enslaved / married to Omphale, is this possibly the feminine of Omphalos?

Granted its a mile long drop, and Im very sure its spurious nonsense caused by insomnia. But references to Hercules in a feminine form does crop up regularly within Arcadia, if not at least in its preoccupation with cross-dressing.


So 'to the jewel that burns'... Pyrocles or Hercules, Omphale or Distaff?

Is the mother of galaxies another feminine / male role reversal?

Could the mother be Hercules... as he did wear that dress after all... on the brow however...?

But then again...Distaff. It pops up everywhere in mythology.



Celestial mother of the Jade, weaving the stars and their light, the 'silver river' (milky way).

Did I mention Hercules also slayed a dragon for Omphale....the dragon Maionios (Lydian Dragon) in Lydia.

Lot of dragons popping up...

Now some could point out that this slaying of Omphales dragon is associated with the constellation Ophiuchus, this same constellation was also representative of that guarded the oracle of Delphi!

Very curious. Ophiuchus rings another bell. Ophiuchus also known as the 13th sign of the zodiac. Ophiuchus is also home to a certain nova SN 1604, Kepler's Supernova, Kepler's Nova or Kepler's Star.










Oh dear sweet pareidolia!

But one thing that has always irked me. Donars Oak in the Delphi system. It always seemed to be some sort of obvious clue but I couldn't make it fit... but Donars Oak (Thor) and of course not forgetting Distaff?

Well this was a new one on me... in norse myth theres Friggs Distaff... which is... Orions belt!

Wife of Odin and considered a 'mother godess', also known as Figga, Frije, Frea, Frig, Perchte, Berchet, Frau Holda, Frau Gode, Freyja and Frige. As Orion is located along the celestial equator it's stars spin over time (thus attributed to Frigg at her wheel).

Sprialling Stars!


So here I am between a dragon on one side and the hunter in a dress on the other... I've checked out many of these names in game but all for nought so I open this can of worms to see if anyone else can make sense of it.

I'm fully aware this is some form of pareidolia...but its still been an interesting ride.
Click to expand...
If anyone wonders, the 'new star' in Cygnus known as Stella Incognito Cygni is in ED under the name 34 P Cygni.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, simulacrae, PeteACarter and 2 others