Rochester
Jul 1, 2020
#17,747
Troubled with fire and transformed in show

Does part of the Raxxa Codex reference the tale of Hercules and Omphale?

A mile of aluminium forthcoming, to reiterate this is a continuation of my hypothesis that Philip Sidney's 'The Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia' is potentially the book referenced within the codex, as opposed to the proposed 'Astrophil and Stella'.

The Quest To Find Raxxla
Will answer to meself at https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8288524 Just came XTE J1748-288, it is 163.xx sols masses ... still no heat until u hit excl zone. This is biggest one I met except Sag A* Also there is cool bug ... once u engage from ...u have...
forums.frontier.co.uk

In essence Astrophil is a male prefix but the use of 'Princess' I suggested denotes the feminine.

So I hit a brick wall. In the attempt to find any other potential connections I began a number of random key word searches and I fell across a certain use of a word, whilst researching 'Mary Sidney, spinning and spiralling'.

What surfaced was the use of the word 'Distaff': used as a symbol to describe the female side of a family, e.g. 'spinners', a derogatory term or a female form of empowerment 'distaffing'.

The word distaff essentially means staff, taking its name from dis, old norse for lady. A ladies staff.

This rang a bell...

Masculinity and Emotion in Early Modern English Literature
The first full length treatment of how men of different professions, social ranks and ages are empowered by their emotional expressiveness in early modern English literary works, this study examines the profound impact of the cultural shift in the English aristocracy from feudal warriors to...
books.google.co.uk

The passage here is from 'Acadia' and describes the bejeweled garment of Pyrocles, which was held together using a jeweled clasp dipicting Hercules holding a 'distaff''...and thats when a penny dropped. Pyrocles (who changes into Cleophila) means "troubled with fire"?

Hercules held a distaff when he was enslaved / married to Omphale, is this possibly the feminine of Omphalos?

Granted its a mile long drop, and Im very sure its spurious nonsense caused by insomnia. But references to Hercules in a feminine form does crop up regularly within Arcadia, if not at least in its preoccupation with cross-dressing.

Omphale - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

So 'to the jewel that burns'... Pyrocles or Hercules, Omphale or Distaff?

Is the mother of galaxies another feminine / male role reversal?

Could the mother be Hercules... as he did wear that dress after all... on the brow however...?

Also Xenoclea was the name of the Pythia at Delphi, in the story relating to Hercules (Orion) pinching her tripod - shes responsible for enslaving him to Omphale (Omphalos).

The Castalian Spring, in the ravine between the Phaedriades at Delphi, where pilgrims who came to consult the Delphic Oracle — stopped to wash themselves and quench their thirst; it is also here that the Pythia and the priests cleansed themselves before the oracle-giving process and where she pops off to for a quick wash after all her deslings with Herc and her missing tripod. Some Roman poets regarded it as a source of poetic inspiration. According to some mythological versions it was here that Apollo killed the monster, Python, who was guarding the spring, and that is why it was considered to be sacred.

But then again...Distaff. It pops up everywhere in mythology.

Textiles in mythology and folklore

Celestial mother of the Jade, weaving the stars and their light, the 'silver river' (milky way). The Celestial mother is associated with the star Vega.

Did I mention Hercules also slayed a dragon for Omphale....the dragon Maionios (Lydian Dragon) in Lydia.

Lot of dragons popping up...

Now some could point out that this slaying of Omphales dragon is associated with the constellation Ophiuchus, this same constellation was also representative of Appolo slaying Pytho that guarded the oracle of Delphi!

Very curious. Ophiuchus rings another bell. Ophiuchus also known as the 13th sign of the zodiac. Ophiuchus is also home to a certain nova SN 1604, Kepler's Supernova, Kepler's Nova or Kepler's Star.

Soul of the World: The Sweet Swans of Maeonia


Allegorical illustration from 1618 showing the Rosicrucian's Invisible College in its role as a bastion of free thinking in the arts and sciences. The new stars in Serpens in 1604 (upper left) and Cygnus in 1600 (upper right) are pictured as being major influences on the movement at this time.

Johannes Kepler's book of 1606 on the stellar nova seen in Serpens in the year 1604 and in Cygnus in 1600. Right, a page from the same book with a woodcut showing the new star in Cygnus located at the base of the swan's neck. Next to it appears the letter "N."

Maeonia was also the ancient name for the eastern portion of Lydia of which Ophale was queen.

And the nova in Signus was alluded to during the time of Philip and Mary Sidney, who's sign was of the swan...

The University Latin elegies for Sidney play on the proximity of the Latinized 'Sidneius' to the Latin cygnus, swan.

Sir Philip Sidney, Cultural Icon
This study analyzes Sir Philip Sidney's reputation from his own day to the present by discussing his reception in the work of authors as diverse in time and type as Sir Fulke Greville, Christopher Hill, Charles Lamb, Edmund Waller, and Thomas Warton the elder.
books.google.co.uk

“a snowie Swan of heavenly hiew” whose own ... as “an heavenly signe,” thus punning on Cygnus, swan, via the constellation Cyncus

Oh dear sweet pareidolia!

But one thing that has always irked me. Donars Oak in the Delphi system. It always seemed to be some sort of obvious clue but I couldn't make it fit... but Donars Oak (Thor) and of course not forgetting Distaff?

Well this was a new one on me... in norse myth theres Friggs Distaff... which is... Orions belt!

Wife of Odin and considered a 'mother godess', also known as Figga, Frije, Frea, Frig, Perchte, Berchet, Frau Holda, Frau Gode, Freyja and Frige. As Orion is located along the celestial equator it's stars spin over time (thus attributed to Frigg at her wheel).

Sprialling Stars!

Distaff - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

So here I am between a dragon on one side and the hunter in a dress on the other... I've checked out many of these names in game but all for nought so I open this can of worms to see if anyone else can make sense of it.

I'm fully aware this is some form of pareidolia...or confirmation bias but its still been an interesting ride.
Last edited: Aug 8, 2020
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Plaid_unicorn, Fiera and 12 others