Louis Calvert
Nov 17, 2024
#35,345
Emperor said:
I saw this years ago... don't know if you've watched it...




Whilst I've never ruled it out, it wasn't hugely new to me in terms of linking the landscape signal and Raxxla which is why I didn't get too excited with your hypothesis... Solving the landscape signal would also be cool though....
Click to expand...
Yeah I saw that years back too. The short answer is that just because something's been found or discussed before, it doesn't mean it was interpreted correctly or taken to its conclusion.

I said a couple of years back on this thread that the massed brainpower of the community can't have been wrong for all this time, so maybe someone(s) had already found Raxxla (or clues to, etc.) and not known it, or been shouted down or ignored by the community (which I think we both know happens a lot more than it should).

I then spent months going through this thread (yes, all of it) and reddit, and youtube, and noting down all the things that seems like investigations that hadn't been resolved by testing and investigation or seemed like they might need another look (and had either faded away or been shouted down/ignored). I investigated a bunch of them as I found them, and most were bugs/game quirks, but at least I was able to put them to bed.

Then I took another run at the Codex and tried to solve it in a new way based on what I'd learned others had tried.

If you read this thread post-Codex you'll find that the same solutions keep coming up over and over again: People new to Raxxla come in and take a crack at the Codex, and a lot of folks come to similar answers for bits of it. Obviously some bits of the codex get more attention than others - and that's also part of the problem - people cherry pick a bit that's interesting and focus on just that bit...

I realised you can't take a line or a word or a phrase and 'solve' that one bit like a crossword clue and build a hypothesis around it - you need to consider it all (or most of it) to get the 'shape' of the mystery Brookes created. The mistake most people make it treating the codex like it's a complex riddle, and it's simply not at all.

The Codex is a story about Raxxla and how it impacts the galaxy in various ways, a way of explaining what Raxxla is, or rather a way of setting it up in a way that when it's discovered it makes sense.

When you read the Codex like that it's possible to see other parts of the story in other bits of lore. That's the puzzle - you put together the various lore bits (mostly from the Brookes era of the game) and you're left with more of an idea of the shape of something. The 'Toast of the Dark Wheel' is the closest thing there is to a direction/map and again, many people have interpreted that in similar ways and it's pretty straight-forward. The full solve and explanation is in my thread, which is why I start that thread by explaining all this and explaining the Codex lore before talking about the LS, because the lore is the mystery really.

All that points to:
1. Something at the centre of the galaxy
2. Something that reaches out/influences people in different parts of the galaxy through non-physical means.

Since trying to convince people to take the time to study it themselves and resolve the hidden images in the signal isn't getting anywhere by showing people that there's something there, I'm now just trying to get people to consider this simple fact:

The Landscape Signal - by present standards - has all the hallmarks of an alien signal with structure and repeating patterns (in the audio). If that were received by SETI today they would consider it an intelligent alien signal.

That signal is coming from something, for some reason it's beaming across the entire galaxy when nothing else we know of does that. Whatever it is, it's entirely unique, and alien. We know Raxxla is alien, so if absolutely nothing else, then anything alien needs to be investigated, and investigated, and investigated, until there's nothing left but answers.
Reactions:
Ataxia and Emperor