Emperor
Nov 18, 2024
#35,359
Han_Zen said:
I don't know about Facece, but there is a link between Witches Reach and Jacques. Witches Reach was one of very few systems that had UA convoys jumping out on UA day (Mai 4. 3301). This was a one day happening, with far more convoys than usual. At least 3 UAs were secured that day.
A large number of UAs was the reason for Jacques miss-jump.

UA= Thargoid sensor.

Augustus Brenquith is as far as I know, just a relic from FE2.
Is there any definitive ED lore on jaques past?

Interested to know if it differs from the short story he's in....

EDIT: I guess it is the same...

Galnet news : 7 February 2015

"Some years ago Jaques’ Station left its orbit around the moon of Topaz. It’s mission? To discover new beverages, explore distant stars, and bravely go where no starport had been before. When the starport left on its journey the station was being captained by the toughest barman in all of occupied space, a part-Cyborg known only by the moniker of Jaques.

Jaques’ transformation from man to machine began during the time he served as a member of the Quinentis Fourteens, a Federal black ops strike team. His unit was captured by enemy forces during the Battle of Hell’s Gate.

The intrepid ex-soldier spent close to the next 200 years improving his cybernetic implants and saving up to buy the station in order to head off and explore the stars in style, and he is happy for people to join him. Stay tuned to GalNet to find out all the latest developments as they occur."


Augustus Brenquith, he does get a mention in ED....

Tourist beacon 0216 - "The official discovery of this system and its habitable planet is nowadays accredited to Augustus Brenquith, although the Rockforth Corporation claim the land deeds and development rights to the system. Thirty nine years after the Corporation declared the system its own; an ancient message capsule (a common way for sending messages at the time) was recovered from outside the orbit of Jupiter in the Sol system,. / The discovery aroused considerable interest amongst archaeologists on Earth at the time while the capsule was in transit to the New Delhi University there was heated debate as to whether the artefact should be opened or not. When the capsule was studied, the seal was seen to be broken, so the matter was resolved. Inside the capsule was a message crystal with the log of the second five years of Augustus Brenquith's solitary search for new worlds, his 'glittering legacy', included in the list of planetary systems that he had stumbled upon was that of Ackwada."

Tourist beacon 0226 - "The Saud Kruger Corporation is relatively new on the corporate stage, but built on much earlier foundations. It was a small, specialist yacht manufacturer that had been very successful as a family business in a small niche. Stanislav Kruger took over the family firm from this father in 3270. / A luxury ship manufacturer, and interstellar tourism business, the Asrogator Corporation prided itself on delivering the most stylish of holiday experiences. It claims the legendary explorer Augustus Brenquith as its long dead patron and bought up all image rights to the man's legacy several hundred years ago. / The Corporation was based in Bedaho, but maintains office facilities in 80% of all colonised systems and through its contractual support programme, helps local tourist attractions develop their portfolio for the discerning interstellar explorer."

Tourist beacon 0228 - "Saud Kruger is a popular luxury brand, making passenger ships and yachts for the wealthy under its main brand name, and selling luxury holidays (using luxuriously equipped Saud Kruger vessels) to the less wealthy. It also has a thriving star chart and exploration business. / Saud Kruger ships are made under license in a great many shipyards, including the Imperial Gutamaya yards. It runs its own shipyards too, with its main yards in Bedaho, but with their yards mostly in Independent and Imperial space, with many especially valued and super-rich Imperial clients. / Astrogator holidays range from cruises around groups of local systems, to the more extreme, and Astrogator Extreme holidays carry the image of the legendary explorer Augustus Brenquith. The holidays tend to include extreme, and frequently quite dangerous, activities in distant locations, like atmospheric wave-riding, volcano diving and magnetic surfing. Trusted intrepid pilots take these adventurers 'to the edge' for 'life-changing experiences'."
Last edited: Nov 18, 2024