Jorki Rasalas
Nov 30, 2018
#4,356
Edelgard von Rhein said:
I thought that the planet you see on the main menu screen was just Ariel (moon of Uranus, has steep ridges in-game) and that the station (Coriolis in standard, Orbis in Horizons) was just a generic station. It's an inventive idea to think there might be something hidden right under our noses but I'm sceptical that there is any meaning in this particular case.

Thatchinho said:
I looked but couldn’t see anything. They’re videos rather than the game engine so I don’t know whether the High Res screenshot option would work.

Thatchinho said:
Yeah, I was dubious about whether they related to anything, but the TDW stuff in the Codex talks about a dark orbis. And I can’t see any real signs of lights on the orbis from the Horizons screen. That could always just be down to contrast due to the lighting, but it’s still a possibility that it’s actually lightless.

Sorry, I was confusing things by combining three separate hypotheses:
1) the station shown in the basic game start menu screen is Raxxla Gateway.
2) it is orbiting an alien planet (to keep some alignment with the original Holdstock novella description), which therefore might be a stray Guardian Ark ship (just a common sense possibility, otherwise how is it alien?)
3) the station in the Horizons start menu screen is the stealthed Dark Wheel station mentioned in the codex. This is a follow-on from the first hypothesis. It has been suggested in the past that it is meaningless marketing artwork showing a generic station orbiting Arial from the similar look of the planetary ridges, but I have never seen any evidence to support that-has the skybox been matched to prove it is Arial? It may be meaningless artwork, but I am unconvinced.

The first hypothesis is the important one here and it is based on three pieces of evidence:
a) in the video that precedes the start screen the horns/wings of the guardian statuetteElite symbol seems to me to highlight a bright (giant or twin) yellow (G type) star.
b) the Astophil and Stella poem alluded to in the codex has an interesting verse 22
“In highest way of heav’n the Sun did ride,
Progressing then from fair twins’ golden place:
Having no scarf of clouds before his face,
But shining forth of heat in his chief pride;
When some fair ladies by hard promise tied,
On horseback met him in his furious race,
Yet each prepar’d with fan’s well-shading grace
From that foe’s wounds their tender skins to hide.
Stella alone with face unarmed march’d.
Either to do like him which open shone,
Or careless of the wealth because her own:
Yet were the hid and meaner beauties parch’d,
Her daintiest bare went free; the cause was this,
The Sun, which others burn’d, did her but kiss.”

Since the implication is that Stella represents Raxxla, then to me this describes the system where Raxxla is located:
fair twin’s golden place -> twin G type star
Having no scarf of clouds before his face -> no asteroid belt near the star
some fair ladies by hard promise tied -> twin planets
each prepar’d with fan’s well-shading grace -> each planet is ringed
Stella alone with face unarmed march’d -> except for the Raxxla planet which has no ring
The Sun, which others burn’d, did her but kiss -> and the Raxxla location is far from the star

c) the basic game start menu screen shows an octahedral station (looks old design to me) in a system with twin G type stars.

I have been trying to match the star patterns shown in that video for the last five weeks, so far without success. I have one more piece of (circumstantial) evidence to support this hypothesis but you’ll have to wait until tomorrow or Sunday for that (it’s on my gaming machine).
Reactions:
Rochester