Spaceman Spiff
Mar 9, 2021
#21,755
Also found some fun supporting theory last night. "for those with eyes to see" has been nagging me the entire time. I finally persisted in my search last night, and it seems it may have paid off. That line is in literature written by Paolo Coelho, who wrote "The Alchemist." The Alchemist is a story about someone who goes on a journey for a great treasure, and on the road to find it he discovers many wonderful things, and ultimately that the treasure was actually buried at the place he left from.
Here is a link to a quick youtube reading of the story with some lovely pictures, about 7 minutes.

So the connections I immediately make are:
The Alchemist : the story of a journey : A journey everyone must make for themselves.
Treasure is buried at the start : Mankind heads out across the galaxy looking for amazing things, but the white whale of treasures is actually in Sol.
Coelho is used 26 times in naming stations. This is even more significant than it would usually be in that Paolo Coehlo is not an astronomer, and yet is prominent enough in DB's mind to have many stations named after him. I feel this is a clear sign that it plays a specific role.
(There is at least one minor astronomer named Coelho that may warrant a small share of these station names, but despite possibly sharing some of this ownership the logic still stands. I will continue to poke around and see if any more & prominent astronomy-related figures pop up, but so far none)


Completely unnecessary backup, flogging a dead horse as far as I'm concerned, but a fun little additional theory nonetheless.





Alternatively.... Raxxla is in the starter area.... lol! (I do not currently believe this at all)
Coelho station in the starter area : beginning of a journey?
Which, of course, I needed to look into for fun.... So I started up my Xbox last night since it's free on GamePass now.... found nothing, but did notice one more thing that made me go "hmmmm"... an empty system, named Lia Fail. "Stone of Destiny" in Irish. Ugh. I hate you right now, Fdev. I searched the system with only 2 stars for a bit, nothing (of course). So I put it to you guys, I feel like there is no way they would put it in the starter area, right?
Last edited: Apr 6, 2021
Reactions:
TrillClinton, Vetinari, Machina Ergo Sum and 4 others