clavain
Mar 9, 2021
#21,757
Spaceman Spiff said:
Also found some fun supporting theory last night. "for those with eyes to see" has been nagging me the entire time. I finally persisted in my search last night, and it seems it may have paid off. That line is in literature written by Paolo Coelho, who wrote "The Alchemist." The Alchemist is a story about someone who goes on a journey for a great treasure, and on the road to find it he discovers many wonderful things, and ultimately that the treasure was actually buried at the place he left from.
Here is a link to a quick youtube reading of the story with some lovely pictures, about 7 minutes.

So the connections I immediately make are:
Paolo Coelho : Coelho station in the starter area : beginning of a journey
The Alchemist : the story of a journey : A journey everyone must make for themselves
Treasure is back at the start : We headed out far and wide looking for treasure but it's really at the starting line: Raxxla is in Sol

Completely unnecessary backup, flogging a dead horse as far as I'm concerned, but a fun little theory nonetheless

Alternatively.... Raxxla is in the starter area.... lol!
Which, of course, I need to look into for fun (I don't believe at all it's there, but...).... So I started up my Xbox last night since it's free on GamePass now.... found nothing, but did notice one more thing that made me go "hmmmm"... an empty system, named Lia Fail. "Stone of Destiny" in Irish. Ugh. I hate you right now, Fdev. I searched the system with only 2 stars for a bit, nothing (of course). So I put it to you guys, I feel like there is no way they would put it in the starter area, right?
Click to expand...
Starter zones did not exist until very recently though so can likely rule that bit out. There were always certain starter systems (different from the current ones I believe) though, with no access limitations. LHS 3447, LHS 1914, Aiabiko, LTT 15449, Cosi, Chemaku, Cheneti, Eranin, HIP 21280, possibly others.
Last edited: Mar 9, 2021