Jorki Rasalas
Jun 8, 2019
#8,752
Ratkatcher said:
With no disrespect to those who dislike the FSS/DSS combo, I suspect the introduction of this mechanism was to enable players to 'find' things - something the ADS was seriously lacking in (unless the player was prepared to spend an indefinite amount of searching time for something that may not even exist... Hmm a bit like Raxxla ), so being 'given' a 'discovery' mechanism to unearth things that had been in the game for years yet unfound seems a reasonable step.

I've been quietly following this thread, and its spin-offs, for a while and enjoying the content. I just wish to point out (which must have been noticed) that the FSS/DSS & Codex were introduced together - is there a link?

@Scytale - shame you are not playing, your input here has been very thought provoking!
- apart from loving the penguin - good input from you too, despite you loathing the new system
Click to expand...

Ah yes, but remember that quite a few participants in this thread are old FRifters, who suffered the pain and tedium of eyeball-searching loads of planets in the hope of finding something. So yes, the fss/dss is FD’s response to the complaints we made and suggestions for better exploration search tools-I compiled a list of those from the four FRift threads into its own thread and submitted them to FD (sadly lost in the forum shakeup, at least I can’t find it anymore) . Some of them were very good ideas, and I don’t think many people would complain about the dss, but the current implementation of the fss is not yet up to quality; it needs a good engineer to polish/upgrade it!!

From the discussion above I’m wondering if the SD Raxxla-related E/F missions were overtaken by the improved missions mechanism and we should be concentrating on analysing TipOff missions from TDW at SD? Has anyone done so? (I’m aware of Macros’ et al current investigation).

@ Tacticus- the Codex tells us, from Felicity Farseer’s words, that TDW at SD is real, because they’ve been in business for a long time but haven’t been closed down as she says imposters always are. Also some spiky-haired female ( who was she?) in Elite Premonition said that The Real DW (TRDW) is a conglomerate of like-minded organisations, with “wheels within wheels”, and TDW at SD is just “spinning on the outer rim”, which is clearly an FD reference to the wording of those E/F missions that Scytale misses so much (Macros et al undertook them all but apparently they didn’t lead anywhere, unless he’s joined TRDW and found Raxxla but is sworn to secrecy! )
Last edited: Jun 8, 2019
Reactions:
rOmiLaYu, [Diplomacy] Carnegie, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 6 others