simulacrae
Oct 17, 2024
#35,084
Jorki Rasalas said:
Just rewatched Guru951's part 1 vid on Raxxla...he seems to be focusing on Orion's Belt since that's where the Egyptian pyramids originally aligned and part of The Alien World storyline. However the Alien World's description of Oisir-Raxxla sector being hidden behind a "Night Wall" (dark region?) and "the Saramandarian pearls cluster" reminded me of the Formidine Rift, & the line of bright stars leading out towards it (on the way to the Heart & Soul Nebulae), and the descriptions of the FRift logs. In particular:

FORMIDINE RIFT ALPHA MISSION 5/6

Expedition Log 07/10/3270

"I'm scared... help me someone... I can't bear another jump. The lights in witch-space are coming for me. The lights... always the lights... they're calling to me... a siren song... I must join them..."

FORMIDINE RIFT GAMMA MISSION 4/6

Expedition Log: 01/10/3270

"We picked up some kind of bizarre signal yesterday. Whatever it was wasn't human. At least, that's the scuttlebutt going around the decks. Everyone is looking out of the canopies now. We're seeing some strange lights during hyperspace transits. Terror? Yeah, we got some of that ..."

FORMIDINE RIFT GAMMA MISSION 5/6

Expedition Log: 11/11/3270

"More strange lights. We've got equipment malfunctions, scanners dropping in and out, systems restarting. Ship is limping on. Everyone wants to turn about, but if we don't complete the mission we don't get paid. No one wants to give up those credits either. You expect to turn around and see ..."

FORMIDINE RIFT GAMMA MISSION 6/6

Expedition Log: 29/11/3270

"We're done and we're heading home. We picked up some heat signature in the last system. Definitely something there and it wasn't any profile I had seen before. Something was watching us. There's something evil out here, and it doesn't like company!"


We have in the past speculated that the Thargoid storyline was originally based out beyond the FRift and moved for some FD-related reason to Col70 region. But I'm now wondering if that "evil heat signature" detection was perhaps indicating Oisir-Raxxlan sector is Bovomit...it getting near Halloween!
Click to expand...

Ya I also believe Orion is linked... Its the location of the Thargoid / Guardian Battle site... I have suspicions about the Formadine rift too - it might be where the "Other" group went... I say other because Im not sure... Im guessing its either the mythical second race of Thargoids or possibly the leftover Guardians or their AI Creations... Leaning more towards the Guardian/AI...

YA im still playing around with the Welsh/Celtic Mythos

The invasion of Anwwn by Arthur and the invasion of Ireland by Bran the Blessed have very similar paths...

Treating Ireland as the Otherworld... Much like there have been rumors of Two groups of Thargoids in our universe (or could the comparison be made with the Thargoids and the Guardians), there were two groups of otherworldly beings on Ireland ... the Tuatha De Danann and the Fomorians. I will point out here the vague similarity in sound between Fomorians and Formidine - but there is probably nothing to it...

There is a Battle between the Tuatha De Danann and the Fomorians... The Battle of Magh Tuireadh.
Balor - a leader of the Fomorians... is a kind of Cyclops.... Balors Head was laid its blood soaked into a tree which made stronger wood. Its blood also formed a lake... Balors Eye.

And yes I was also wondering about our upcomming Halloween...Samhain... The walls between here and there will be thin... Might be a good time to chek areas you think could have portals...