Louis Calvert
Oct 21, 2024
#35,096
selbie said:
"A definite place" - the only way Raxxla can exist in the game is within a star system - via Stellar Forge.
This isn't accurate.

We all accept that there are places in the game that are narratively real and meaningful, but aren't physically visitable by us. Yet with Raxxla everyone is pretty determined that it must be physically present to exist in a meaningful way.

The White House on Mars, that's a definite place, right? It's featured in Galnet and the Codex lore, it's a place where the Federation is run from, the T1000 is there right now pretending to have emotions ... but it's not present in the meta-reality of the game in any way at all.

Just demonstrating here that because something in the lore can be said to be a "definite place" doesn't necessarily mean that it exists as a place we can physically visit (or see, actually). Therefore Raxxla can exist in the same way as the White House, or the Duval Palace, or the hospital bed of Seo Jin-ae.

Thee locations all have meaningful impacts on the game (more or less), but don't require physical places that we can even see, let alone visit.

Further to this: We can't overlook any part of the Codex. I firmly believe that part of the issue of this investigation is that from the moment the Codex dropped people have been cutting it up and examining individual lines or even words and spinning of theories from those isolated sections without considering how that fits the entire Codex. We need to consider the Codex as a whole, not just cherry pick bits and pieces and ignore the rest.

Consider why the Codex is very specific: "Atlantis, El Dorado and the kingdom of Prester John" are all mythical, non-real, non-physical places, but in the context of the fictional/mythical stories they exist within, they are definite places. I would say there's a very specific reason these three were used here as examples. I wrote about it at length on my thread.

In conclusion, I put to you that the Landscape Signal emanates from 'a definite place'. It's absolutely coming from a defined place that can be pointed to on the map. We can't visit there (yet) and I doubt there's anything physically there in the game world (yet), but it is absolutely a definite place the same way as any GPS coordinates can be considered 'definite places' on Earth, even if that's 300m above the surface of the Pacific Ocean.

The Landscape Signal is a 'definite place' that emits a real signal that matches all the markers for an intelligent alien transmission (Raxxla is alien, after all), and as I've pointed out many times, the Landscape Signal matches location clues in the Codex, and the concept of a galaxy-spanning signal matches other aspects of the Codex and lore.
Reactions:
SergMx