Jorki Rasalas
Oct 17, 2024
#35,082
Just rewatched Guru951's part 1 vid on Raxxla...he seems to be focusing on Orion's Belt since that's where the Egyptian pyramids originally aligned and part of The Alien World storyline. However the Alien World's description of Oisir-Raxxla sector being hidden behind a "Night Wall" (dark region?) and "the Saramandarian pearls cluster" reminded me of the Formidine Rift, & the line of bright stars leading out towards it (on the way to the Heart & Soul Nebulae), and the descriptions of the FRift logs. In particular:

FORMIDINE RIFT ALPHA MISSION 5/6

Expedition Log 07/10/3270

"I'm scared... help me someone... I can't bear another jump. The lights in witch-space are coming for me. The lights... always the lights... they're calling to me... a siren song... I must join them..."

FORMIDINE RIFT GAMMA MISSION 4/6

Expedition Log: 01/10/3270

"We picked up some kind of bizarre signal yesterday. Whatever it was wasn't human. At least, that's the scuttlebutt going around the decks. Everyone is looking out of the canopies now. We're seeing some strange lights during hyperspace transits. Terror? Yeah, we got some of that ..."

FORMIDINE RIFT GAMMA MISSION 5/6

Expedition Log: 11/11/3270

"More strange lights. We've got equipment malfunctions, scanners dropping in and out, systems restarting. Ship is limping on. Everyone wants to turn about, but if we don't complete the mission we don't get paid. No one wants to give up those credits either. You expect to turn around and see ..."

FORMIDINE RIFT GAMMA MISSION 6/6

Expedition Log: 29/11/3270

"We're done and we're heading home. We picked up some heat signature in the last system. Definitely something there and it wasn't any profile I had seen before. Something was watching us. There's something evil out here, and it doesn't like company!"


We have in the past speculated that the Thargoid storyline was originally based out beyond the FRift and moved for some FD-related reason to Col70 region. But I'm now wondering if that "evil heat signature" detection was perhaps indicating Oisir-Raxxlan sector is Bovomit...it is getting near Halloween!
Reactions:
simulacrae and SergMx