Count dEstard
Sep 9, 2019
#12,122
GURU-951 said:
I found a pretty bad copy of several episodes on yt, Ill give it a look. First I've heard of it, so thanks for that.

Reading more into this Jason Ryder/Avalon connection, which as stated above is based on Arthurian legend, I'm noticing now the connection to Arthur Dent,
The Hitchhikers Guide's main character, an Arthurian Legend like Avalon if you will.
Also, Total Recall's main character was named Douglas and the writer of Hitchhiker's is Douglas Adams. This is becoming very strange.

Also noting how as posted above, Momus was a figure of harmless fun.
This ties into Earth being known simply as Mostly Harmless within HHGttG. Mostly Harmless is also a book within Elite written by Kate Russell.
"Set in the worlds of , inspired by the wit of Douglas Adams; the tale of the least deadly assassin the has ever known."

Also we have the rare good, , the original start system.
"A where's where and a what's what of the Milky Way. This guide highlights the galaxy's top destinations and hot spots."

Ford Prefect was the one who leads and instructs Dent throughout their travels.

And Alas, an answer to the Persephone connection within the HHGttG wiki,
"Rupert
A planet in Earth's solar system beyond the orbit of Pluto. Rupert was named Persephone, but nicknamed Rupert after an astronomer's pet parrot. It was eventually settled by the Grebulons.
In 2005, a large body fitting Rupert's description was discovered beyond Pluto (which was considered a planet then, as opposed to a dwarf planet now). In a poll of the public conducted by New Scientist magazine to search out potential names for the object, "Rupert" ranked #5, and "Persephone" was the top choice. The object was named Eris and designated a dwarf planet by the International Astronomical Union on 13 September 2006."

Though this doesn't fit too well because Eris is an actual planet in Sol () along with Persephone.
Click to expand...

Eris also is the goddess of discord. All hail Discordia! I‘ll be happily eating a Hot Dog on friday to celebrate it's forbidden to followers of discordian principles. And one of these days I'll proclaim myself a discordian pope or maybe not.

Edit: Great to have you back Guru. Have been missing you on this thread.
Reactions:
GURU-951 and [PS4] Filthymick420