GURU-951
Aug 2, 2020
#18,205
Filthymick420 said:
I've been following suspicious npcs recently. A few hours ago i spotted an elite npc in a type-7 with no faction while i was at Dominic's Corner in Pleiades Sector GW-W c1-15 , 12a.

I thought it was suspicious beacause , well basically everything about it seemed unlikely to me. why would an elite combat pilot be in a t7, and with no faction? (Lots of tinfoil sorry) so i followed them as they left to hip 17862 where they flew away in SC for a few kls before they disappeared. Bust.

I figured i might as well scan the system since i hadn't been here before and it turned out to be worth my while. It turns out theres a crashed thargoid ship on one moon and crashed thargoid megaship at another.

Tl;dr: im beginning to think following certain NPCs away from certain POIs may lead to other nearby POIs sometimes. Anyone else notice this too?
Click to expand...

Oh how many NPC's have been followed by us all by now!? If only this were a thing. I think we all wish it worked or did SOMETHING, but time and time again it's been shown that the thought process during the creation of NPC behavior, at least to this point, is rather lifeless, outside of the excitement of seeing suspicious stuff like their names and ship ID's and such, especially when it happens at uncanny times. Time and time again, the community proves to have more imagination than what was put into the game, at least in terms of missions and npc behavior.
I really hope this turns around some day. I think the most notable for me is how in theory, especially in the real world (This is a sim right?), you'd be able to make contacts and friends and at some point one of those people would have some special (truly special) thing to have you go do, such as special missions (Truly special missions). In terms of the game, these missions don't need to be Raxxla or DW related, but definitely not a lifeless recycled tip-off. Just something special, and unique either for that player, or just something they haven't fed to hundreds, if not thousands, of pilots before you for the past 5 years.
I hope I'm wrong about all of this, but I really hope the creative minds behind this absolutely amazing machine can manage to give us SOMETHING special and lifelike in Odyssey.
Reactions:
Fiera, yelboc, John Stoutbeard and 3 others