PeteACarter
P
Aug 2, 2020
#18,207
GURU-951 said:
Oh how many NPC's have been followed by us all by now!? If only this were a thing. I think we all wish it worked or did SOMETHING, but time and time again it's been shown that the thought process during the creation of NPC behavior, at least to this point, is rather lifeless, outside of the excitement of seeing suspicious stuff like their names and ship ID's and such, especially when it happens at uncanny times. Time and time again, the community proves to have more imagination than what was put into the game, at least in terms of missions and npc behavior.
I really hope this turns around some day. I think the most notable for me is how in theory, especially in the real world (This is a sim right?), you'd be able to make contacts and friends and at some point one of those people would have some special (truly special) thing to have you go do, such as special missions (Truly special missions). In terms of the game, these missions don't need to be Raxxla or DW related, but definitely not a lifeless recycled tip-off. Just something special, and unique either for that player, or just something they haven't fed to hundreds, if not thousands, of pilots before you for the past 5 years.
I hope I'm wrong about all of this, but I really hope the creative minds behind this absolutely amazing machine can manage to give us SOMETHING special and lifelike in Odyssey.
Click to expand...
I dont necessarily disagree, but the thing with Raxxla, given what we know about it, (which is nothing) is that it is probably a fair(ish) assumption that it is a "special version" of something already in-game. A special planet, a special asteroid, whatever your pleasure.

If this assumption holds, there is nothing to say that a "special" version of an existing in-game mechanism, such as a special tip off, special NPC, etc wont lead us to it.

Same holds true (and arguably more likely) for finding TDW station.

If we assume "an NPC wont lead us to it because we have collectively followed 10s of thousands" the same as saying "it can be on a planet because we have collectively discovered 10s of millions"

Again, I'm not saying your wrong, more that we are desperately missing the "you have to make some of it a tiny bit obvious so people know what they are doing" part. Hence, cant rule anything out.
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, Spike78, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person