Beng_Ammon
B
Nov 11, 2024
#35,290
Jorki Rasalas said:
I had toyed in the past with the idea that Raxxla is an optical illusion,however that doesnt fit the codex theme of "mysterious place, the location of which is a deadly secret...Raxxla is a definite place and it holds a mystical secret. " ...there would be no reason to keep it secret. But it may indeed be hidden and visually locateable in some sort of way.

I initially thought the same, however on further consideration there is no reason to justify Raxxla being located near to Sol from date of the first documented rumour. Even with an old-style (7ly per week's travel? 52 weeks per year, 10 year expedition) jump range some intrepid explorers and treasure hunters could have gone a long way from Sol by 2296, and how about if it wasnt discovered by someone physically stumbling upon it? What about automated probes (which were sent out before manned expeditions)? What about some information gleaned from the Martian Alien Artefact?. What about detection by radio or visual astronomy?
I am not sure how it doesn't fit that. If something appears only during alignment, then it's "repeatable" like MB said, and it fits the hint:

"A place that is not a place, a door that is also the key"

The only way a star (which is what a "door" is in elite) can be a key, is if it is aligned with something. A star, a planet, etc.

Raxxla showing up on the periphery once we get the distance from the star right, would make 100% sense in all in game lore. And would explain why we haven't found it even after checking systems, plents, etc. We need to check them when that 'thing' (whatever you're checking) is inline with the main star. Like a full moon hgere on earth, happens when the sun, earth, and moon, are all in a "line" with a each other, which causes the full moon effect here on earth. Eclipses are another "alignment" thing for any particular solar system. I bet 100% of all of my money, Raxxla is Orbiting a star, planet, etc, and is only findable when whatever it is orbiting is "in line" with something else in the system.