Vetinari
V
Nov 25, 2019
#13,482
yelboc said:
On the subject of Salome - although a drak wheel emblem is found in her ship, was it not planted there to incriminate her? What evidence do we have of her membership?

The club /= TDW - The club works against the likes of TDW - if anything TDW is out to expose them. TDW seem to me to be a small organisation who must hide to survive, not some all powerful group. They are the under-dogs seeking to discover the truth.

Salome - I deleted a similar entry earlier on. My hypothesis went, what proof that she joined the DW? Rather than say be kidnapped by or a total red herring to cover something else? She would know too much surely? She was never supposed to be Miss Goody Two Shoes so maybe she and the DW are a conniving org and not too unlike the Club? If so though, how could she plan to retire in safety in Colonia? Who would her enemies actually be, the Club, everyone?

And that's where it ran into problems so I put it aside.

The 2nd bit, that's what I always believed, but maybe its not true...power corrupts, absolute power corrupts absolutely...its already split in two once in its history....not impossible just unlikely?

Jorki Rasalas said:
I can’t remember where I got the idea that Salomé et al were all part of TDW, but it was probably Drew Wagar’s lore thread. Certainly in Premonition the spiky haired woman (Elyssia?) represented TDW, and was closely associated with Rebecca, who got Salomé started on her Dynasty quest. Hence TDW are antagonistic to The Club.

When Salome escaped/was kidnapped/went missing while being transported to prison she left some clothes and a tiara or a ring (iirc) behind in the ship which implied the DW. For some reason the implication was she had maybe joined them as opposed to just doing something for them, the dropping of the 'veils'....maybe, a lot of it was implied or could be read a few different ways....ambiguous.

A lot was left unexplained as she didnt make it to Tionisla, she had a speech prepared she, loved speeches, to paraphrase the explanation. Either way she was going to retire in peace and into obscurity, written about no more anyway. So it was a closed chapter one way or the other, it finished and was its own thing. Possibly not supposed to lead directly or indirectly to the DW but just to add to the mystery of them...if it was them of course.
Reactions:
simulacrae