Darth Ender
D
Nov 25, 2019
#13,493
The club aren't about saving their own hide. They're elitists with god complexes that believe they can save humanity and must do what they do because the petty concerns of the masses are too caught up in their own tiny lives to be able to manage and handle the scope of issues that are galaxy wide that they (the club) are aware of. I suspect that if such a plan to save humanity is actually put into place and most of humanity is lost...they will no longer be hidden and will surface as powerful saviors and leaders and cement their control and re-shape the power structure of all of humanity (fed / empire / etc gone)...

They could certainly save themselves easily. But that would leave them without any power. And I'm sure after so many years of convincing themselves how right they are to do what they do, they truly believe they are acting on humanity's behalf for the best. So they may even have an almost religious conviction to save humanity ...even from itself.

if it was going to be written correctly...the club wouldn't be concerned with simple ideas like self preservation and personal greed or basically anything related to oneself. They'd be beyond those things ....wholly committed to the mission statement. Closer to the mindset of a cultist who's simultaneously leading the cult and brainwashed by it's religion.

i think it's interesting that the club dealt with one of their own defecting not with true death, but with mind wiping, allowing her to live (repeatedly (she had been repeatedly mind wiped everytime she started back on the path of recovering what she initially defected for)). Why was she so special? What kind of respect must she have commanded to not be killed by an organization who appears to have had no problem with sending hundreds if not thousands to their death in setting up the escape routes? Wasn't the idea that salome was a clone of her?

It seems unlikely that we've seen the culmination of their preparations, and it sees unlikely that they were wrong to make them. At some point it seems pretty clear that the bubble is going to collapse and we'll be forced to scatter....and mount a protracted resistance as underdogs. ...to eventually be able to drive back the enemy enough to start rebuilding. The question is how long until fdev is ready to put that into motion. However, I dont think raxxla plays into any of this. Raxxla is meant to be an ever present treat dangled in front of players indefinitely. It's greatest purpose is realized while it's not found. So unless it moves ....it seems unlikely anything in the game will ever hint at where to find it or will it be utilized in game. Instead, i think the dark wheel will revolve around the club, alien threats, and contingency plans. Basically the invisible hand that will shape the new power structure once all of the old seats of power fall.
Reactions:
BluWolve