Thatchinho
Apr 10, 2018
#2,186
CMDRGURU951 said:
I assure you that it very much appears to be locked, the region of Barnards Loop, the general neighboring sectors. Try navigating from the first two stars in the belt and go to the third. And it is in the middle of Orion's Belt. Also the Col 70 sector is in close proximity to the Pleiades and the Aries Dark. A fleet, barnacles and a ref point from a probe and still you say there appears to be no sign of thargoids near BL?

Ok, so just to clarify:

BL is primarily in the Trapezium sector which isn't Permit Locked. I've been through it before, and by coincidence was already more or less next to it, in V1615 Orionis, just outside the Orion Nebula.

Behind BL (as viewed from the Bubble) is the Horsehead Dark Region (and the Horsehead nebula within it) which is permit locked.

Col 70 is roughly a 1,000 ly diameter sphere which is permit locked, but with various permit locked regions within, and a path through. The primary route in on the bubble side is via the Witchhead sector. The route out on the far side is via BL, to the right hand side of the Horsehead (as viewed from the bubble). Once out past Horsehead Dark region it should be possible to plot a route to Epsilon Orionis.

On that route through Col 70, in terms of nebulae there's the Witchhead, Orion, Running Man, Flame, and Barnards Loop all of which are unlocked and then the Horsehead Nebula which is locked.

So in a sense the Horsehead Nebula is blocking the route in the way you're describing, although the Horsehead Dark Region is much bigger than the Nebula itself.

Hope that clears up what I mean a bit so far.

If time permits later, I'll see if I can head over to Epsilon Orionis, and see what the route's like.

Now in terms of Thargoid activity, Barnards Loop is 500-600 ly from the nearest known indications of Thargoid presence. That's further than Sol is from Merope, so I don't think any connection can be drawn between known Thargoid activity and BL. That's not to say there definitely isn't any relation between, and the Horsehead being locked certainly indicates something is going on, just that there's nothing actually known to be the Thargoid related in the vicinity as it stands.