SergMx
Mar 27, 2021
#22,458
Crimson Echo said:
In Elite important systems tend to be the brightest stars in their respective constellations as viewed from earth. (Polaris, Achenar, Alioth, Sirius, Beta Hydri etc) Almost as if the people in charge like astronomy. There are only 88 major constellations, and not all are reachable. (Polaris and one over by the Regor sector are examples.) They are all relatively close to the bubble (~2K LY from sol max by the looks of it. Most are much closer.), and doing a robust search of these systems may be worth while. I do not expect Raxxla to be in these systems, but rather breadcrumbs/clues.

Azeban City gets used as the backdrop for most of Elite's Trailers that feature stations. There are so many better options at first glance. Any station is Sol, Lave Station, Jacques or even Jameson Memorial would have seemed much better options. So why continue to use Azeban City long after the beta ended? Azeban may be a reference to a system near Sirius called Procyon (also the brightest star in Canis Minoris). Sirius is one of only a few corps old enough to have existed just after the supposed myth of Raxxla was first known. Perhaps Sirius corp was founded to find Raxxla, or in response to finding it. Sirius has the largest private navy, and that fits with the ability to defend raxxla from all comers. They also have a history of using mercenaries to take what they want and eliminated anything in their path. Sirius doesn't invent anything. They 'acquire' the work of others. The club even handed Sirius the stolen Alliance FSD designs.

The locations Sirius factions holds may be relevant. Attacking Sirius affiliated factions (via bgs) may force them to use their advantage/capabilities w.r.t controlling Raxxla more openly.

Why was it so important for Premonition to highlight the MIC as the big bad that it was apparently a directive right from the top if it has no wider significance? The Dark Wheel faction in Founder's World is a front to distract from the real thing. Sirius Corp is not a front, but the principle source of the club's power apart from potentially Raxxla it self.

The Club does not readily tolerate those who do not see things their way. The Dark Wheel must stay in the shadows so long as the Club/Sirius are at the height of their power and a direct threat to the existence of the Dark Wheel itself. It is a numbers game. The Dark wheel consist of the best of the best elite pilots, but the Club/Sirius have access to more advanced tech, limitless mercenaries, and the largest private navy in existence. (Remember the Avalonis and Ryder?) At some point skill does not win the day. The Club/Sirius has the endless fodder easily at hand to exterminate by brute force those that openly oppose them. Sirius/Club needs to be defanged for the Dark Wheel to come into the light of day.

The Large Scale faction manipulation via bgs utilized in the Turning the Wheel Initiative may very well be the right tool to make progress on this quest (thus the pseudo encouragement from fdev) but I suspect the correct application is to attack Sirius. (What I suspect Fdev wand in the solution to Raxxla: Collective Action by many players of a non-trivial period of time, All game Roles can contribute, , Multi-stage gating to prevent casual/accidental discovery, , and a story that can live on/ get good press for Fdev/The Players) Expanding TDW to 1000 semi-arbitrary systems to 'unlock" raxxla or the real dark wheel is not a great story. The Turning the Wheel initiative has not Goliath to slay, no days of glory on the field of battle, but rather would reduce the greatest mystery in all of gaming to solving an overly complex, subjective, and cryptic bgs combination lock. The independent pilots taking down the goliath that is the Club/Sirius, and reclaiming Raxxla from this evil cabal makes for much better newspaper articles.

The Wheel may Turn, but
Click to expand...
If I understood what you wrote correctly, then TDW is advocating peace with the Targoids ....