Louis Calvert
Dec 6, 2023
#32,376
El Saico said:
After a search on EDSM I can see a pattern:
21s systems have multiple stars
26-30s systems have a lot of stars
Eta Crucis has 3 main stars and 4 brown dwarves (total 7)
Jackson's Lighthouse has a neutron star and 5 brown dwarves (total 6)
Tiapalan has 3 main stars and 3 brown dwarves (total 6)
43s systems have a truckload of stars
HR 1185 has the titular B star, 8 T Tauris and a black hole (total 10)
Since both Maia and HR 1185 are controlled by AXI (the former even being its home system) I suspected deliberate Thargoid shenanigans, but the equally controlled Asterope at 14s soon demolished my initial hypothesis.
Click to expand...
Edelgard von Rhein said:
Interesting findings Louis Calvert!

I think there is one thing to be wary of here and that is the fact that, for hand-crafted systems, they are not being procedurally generated - instead it is my understanding that the information has to be pulled out of a database. That would mean that increased loading times are a sign that you are jumping to a hand-crafted system. I am not sure if the number of bodies in the system influences the loading time, or to what extent - Jackson's Lighthouse has few bodies but an increased loading time, for example. (I remember Maia, a system with many bodies, has always had a long loading time - raced through there several times! Why HR 1185 should have the same loading time, I don't know).

This does not mean that loading times are to be dismissed! It could still be a clue - especially if the visuals are different jumping into those systems.

I'm going to be spending some time around the Lost Realms this month but am struggling to manage my time this week. I can think of some other people who may be doing the same, so I'll make discreet enquiries as to any oddities in the hyperspace tunnel or loading times.
Click to expand...
Ian Doncaster said:
The pattern here seems to suggest that the hyperspace animation will aim to complete in approximately 13 seconds, but if it's not able to, it then re-polls to see if it can complete at approximately 4 second intervals, possibly because of how the sound or animation for the "extension" is looped.


I do not recall star-heavy systems slowing jumps before, though - and certainly not to anything like 30/43 seconds. Admittedly, I haven't been doing many hyperspace jumps to high-star systems lately either.

(Of course, if it's a "time to generate system" indicator, then it might be reproducible on any specific PC but completely different on one with a different performance profile)
Click to expand...

Thanks, I can't believe I didn't think check the stars!

Right at the start I checked the number of overall bodies and the system traffic reported on EDSM, and also looked at the overall size of the system, population, number of objects including stations, etc., but never looked at how many stars there were specifically.

It does seem like that's what it is. It's probably more pronounced for me cos my computer is old!

Well thanks for replying and helping to solve that, I don't think I'd have figured that one out, I really thought for a second there it was some sort of map to Raxxla hidden in the fabric of the galaxy

On to the next crazy idea I suppose...
Reactions:
xElijah, Han_Zen and Bushido Brown