selbie
Dec 7, 2023
#32,379
Rochester said:
Spacially your systems are relatively upon an alignment with a system Ive been watching called Purisaz, it is a weird mis-spelling of a Norse Rune linked to ‘Thorns’.

Purisaz is aligned with another Norse Rune system within the Lost Realms zone…

Purisaz is of interest to me because Robert Holdstock used the ‘Rune of Thorn’ to denote the location of a mystical secret in his book Ragthorn!

Technically my new theory goes towards identifying potentially locations where the Pendant world ought to hang in relation to Paradise Lost, the systems your have identified are slap-bang in one of those locations!

I will be publishing my hypothesis very soon, here is your example overlayed.
Click to expand...
Interesting
The spelling is basically a visual literal version of Thurisaz flipping the runic ᚦ ('thurs' or 'th' sound in this case) for P. Thurs is usually symbolic of a giant, or the Jötunn
So it could have a small linkage to the codex if you consider Art Thornqvist's name used.
Do you know of any descriptions in Paradise Lost of a literal giant thorned item of some kind? or maybe a deer or horned entity? any mentions of thorned branches?


ALSO, speaking of runic parallels I just discovered the following:
Consider that in anglo-saxon Futhorc, the rune ᛞ appears twice in some bind runes - forming a double d sound (dd)
So could RAXXLA be a twisting of runic symbols ᚱᚬᛞᛞᛚᚬ which could sound something like RADDLA? RADDLE? (with the e having more of an 'eh' sound like you hear in scandinavian accents) so maybe ᚱᛖᛞᛞᛚᛖ
The word Raddle means to twist together / interweave, or to mark something with red ochre. Similarly REDDLE means to turn red.
Perhaps Braben was making it literally a RIDDLE / ᚱᛇᛞᛞᛚᛖ which can also mean a verb to riddle - To put something through a riddle or sieve; to sieve; to sift. Or To fill or spread throughout; to pervade. Or quite literally used in verb form, to solve a riddle. 'Riddle me this'
Maybe TDW have named it as such so that those with eyes to see can prove themselves worthy of knowing Raxxla's true form.

Like my earlier Norse investigations, Art Thornqvist could be related to a large ominous thorned object, or thorn branch. Perhaps there is some linkage there with the boundary of between heaven and earth being some kind of giant thorned branch.... much like a world tree of sorts
Last edited: Dec 7, 2023
Reactions:
Rochester, Jorki Rasalas and Shadowsnog