Jorki Rasalas
Sep 9, 2022
#27,195
cmdr milesred said:
if ever found, will anyone besides fdev and that person know?
I know it was a recent slight topic, but if
depends on what it is what it does.

if the omphalos rift was created by guardians and led to raxxla
there is no sign of guardians or ships
thargoids are everywhere
the story of Astrophel makes me think it was once used and is it possible that is what we are seeing?
and if so, who or what is in control

history is written by the victor
the victor usually hangs around
I think there is a large lie in guardian history
I also have not a lot of respect for a race that fought a great enemy, then left lousy clues to next to useless things, then vacated the premesis.
This just seems sooooo unlikely.

if it were us, and we defeated the Thargoids...would we have done the same? NOT a CHANCE!
there would be nothing but rubble left and we would build monuments to glorify those at the spearhead!
we would all have new everything made of.....remember the buffalo, elephant. we are an ugly victor. we are killers.
so , where are these victorious cowards?
wiped out, yes

by the AI?
if the AI became sentient, where did it go and why?
not to mention, it would make more sense(if they wiped out the guardians) that the AI has all the toys
and the AI could likely improve or make new and better toys..


or by the ones left standing? this is the only thing that makes any sense.
And f they got their claws on guardian secrets and toys, that would explain why there are none anywhere for us to see.
the remnants of the guardian sites as far as I have so far seen gave mostly useless items, nothing worthy of a race that may have defeated Thargoids.
fsd booster aside.
maybe that's our fault for not sweeping all the dirt off the sites to see what the ???? is underneath?


maybe the AI is being god like, due to what it supposedly did.
making up for a sad end to its creator
overwatch
B5, again...the old taking care of the young.
they love iconic things
love making tech seem like magic
Click to expand...
I keep thinking of Babylon 5 & the Vorlons...
And the Shadows & Z’ha’dum
Reactions:
cmdr milesred