cmdr milesred
Sep 8, 2022
#27,184
I went to Lawd 26 last night
made the mistake of taking 16 trinkets
I do nothing but kill all day, take the interdictions I have earned and turn them into bounties.
I did not get 1 second of peace, the moment I entered I was interdicted by 4 ships at once
they were a very over active crowd, left them behind only to get 5 more as soon as I got back into SC.
so, switched to Odyssey.
same thing. nice, I almost never get interdicted in Odyssey, suddenly its non-stop?
so, I parked it for the night.
Apparently something about me or the trinkets is not welcome in Lawd 26. - the exact opposite of a bad rumor.
there is a reason for 16 btw. every station I visit wants 16, 16 keys/tones
and 1 makes the occasional sound. 16 won't shut-up.
that story or those missions may be dead, but I find it odd that so many stations want 16. that was when 16 musical notes popped into a thought. more than enough to mimic/create/replicate real sound.
Due to me and BGS, I pay close attention to demand, and a trick I learned many years ago is to visit stations with 1 of everything in my hold, this shows more details of what they do and don't want.

pirates don't seem concerned at all or behave any different when I carry 1 or 2. they got pretty upset when I was carrying 16. or suddenly the game just got mad at me and made all the interdictors go crazy. it was not normal. they became much more aggressive.
I fight often with a cutter full of stuff, so I know the difference. these guys were aggrevated and moving more erratic and rammy than usual.
the ambient galaxy music, they like and seem to join in. in a 2 minute loop I get about 15 seconds of silence.
and the pattern is normally 1 interdictor, then over the next few minutes more will join in. it is very rare that I get more than 2 ships in the actual interdiction, 4 and 5 was not expected. multi interdictors usually wipe each others interdiction out.

that is the 2nd time I have been in Lawd 26 according to my logs. and bare bones logs at that. much more to test there.
the log from 2016 has nothing but the star in it. this one wasn't much better, except I hate carriers in fss and in logs.
Reactions:
Ataxia and Dox Paradox