HunterwithGreenScales
Dec 19, 2018
#4,624
Scytale said:
Codex, TDW: "... only when a suitable test of courage and skill has been discreetly administred and passed."
An entire paragraph telling how TRDW is supposed to recruit. Sort of personal journey.
Might not be written for nothing.
Makes me think of some kind of reputation related thing. Tip off, chained missions...
But not only wit the Shinrarta TDW.

My operating theory is this: We know where the DW watches. CQC Arena (for finding potential unique pilots), Shinrarta (because of their front), Pilots Federation (to keep tabs on all pilots data and Elite ranks), etc.

My thoughts goes like this:
The DW's base is in Polaris, orbiting the 8th moon of that systems gas giant. Polaris is far enough from the bubble to remain undetected to the casual traveler, yet close enough to keep tabs on everything. Polaris has lore significance as well (the Thargoid station).
The Polaris Permit MIGHT be in-game, but is hard to acquire. The "secret test" MIGHT involve getting as much of the DW's attention as possible. This involves getting to, at least, triple Elite as a step (CQC Elite could very well be needed too), as well as becoming allied to the DW faction in Shinrarta. What else might be needed i can't guess, but if the Polaris permit is accessible, its likely that the DW is what gives it.
Additionally the Black Flight is likely connected as well. Their reach extends as far as Colonia after all!

To pile on top of all of this, theres what is currently happening with the Gnosis: http://elite-dangerous.wikia.com/wiki/The_Gnosis.
To quote: "On December 3, 3304, The Gnosis received a request for assistance and the command crew began calculating a course change. The message was published on December 7, with both the identity of its sender and the new destination redacted. The Gnosis will jump from MEL 22 Sector TB-J b10-0 to the unidentified system on January 17, 3305."
I smell Club shenanigans.
Last edited: Dec 20, 2018
Reactions:
CMDRGURU951 and Rochester