Bran Lucius
Feb 20, 2019
#6,202
Hecate is often represented in her triple aspect as maiden, mother and crone. As maiden she is often seen as simply Kore or as Persephone but this isnt entirely accurate because Hecate is her own self- she is not other goddesses. Hecate is a goddess of travel, boundaries, crossroads, keys and so on. As the Wiki Page says:

"Hecate was associated with borders, city walls, doorways, crossroads and, by extension, with realms outside or beyond the world of the living. She appears to have been particularly associated with being 'between' and hence is frequently characterized as a "liminal" goddess. "Hecate mediated between regimes—Olympian and Titan—but also between mortal and divine spheres."[81] This liminal role is reflected in a number of her cult titles: Apotropaia (that turns away/protects); Enodia (on the way); Propulaia/Propylaia (before the gate); Triodia/Trioditis (who frequents crossroads); Klêidouchos (holding the keys), etc."

In this case we could associate her with permits (keys) and also with witch space (in between/liminal space). She has many names, also taken from the Wiki Page:

"Apotropaia (that turns away/protects)
Chthonia (of the earth/underworld)
Enodia (on the way)
Klêidouchos (holding the keys)
Kourotrophos (nurse of children)
Krokopeplos (saffron cloaked)
Melinoe
Phosphoros, Lampadephoros (bringing or bearing light)
Propolos (who serves/attends)
Propulaia/Propylaia (before the gate)
Soteria (savior)
Trimorphe (three-formed)
Triodia/Trioditis (who frequents crossroads)"

Furthermore she is said to be a goddess of wealth, bestowing wealth and success on those whom she favors. In every way Hecate can be seen as a goddess related to Raxxla. Raxxla is dark and hidden, it has tones of an underworldly/shadowy place, the group trying to find her is "The Dark Wheel", the Raxxla symbol is basically the wheel of Hecate, she guards crossroads as well as doorways/gateways and is also a holder of keys. Even if Hecate has absolutely nothing to do with how to find Raxxla in game she still has all these symbolic connections to it.

As Apotropaia she protects Raxxla from being found through diversion or violence
As Cthonia she moves between worlds, in and out of witch space, in and out of the Omphalos Rift
As Enodia she is the goddess of travelers and explorers seeking Raxxla
As Kleidouchos she holds the keys to finding Raxxla
As Kourotrophos she nurtures her followers and keeps them safe on the road
As Krokopeplos she has more nurturing properties for both healing and prosperity (Raxxla is in a sense a symbol for prosperity and is why everyone is ultimately seeking it)
As Melinoe she is the bringer of space maddness and nightmares, of delusions and confusion
As Phosphoros she is "The jewel that burns bright on the brow mother of galaxies". Hecates mother, Asteria, translates as being "the starry one". She is born of the stars.
As Propolos she serves the power of the Rift and attends it with a keen eye. Although it is said that Raxxla is being "manipulated by twisted, powerful men" its also possible that its a group of humanity trying to use it to figure out how to stop the war with the Thargoids and they are keeping it to themselves so the Goids dont find it. In this respect Hecate is aiding them in protecting humanity and they are not twisted at all even if they have no qualms about killing those who get to close to the mystery.
As Propulaia she stands before the gate- the Omphalos Rift or even the metaphorical "gate" to Raxxla, or not so metaphorical as is the case with Ben Ryder who had a way to Raxxla via a gateway near Tionisla.
As Soteria she is a savior- e.g. not only someone who can save humanity, but individuals as well by bestowing wealth, peace, and prosperity on them.
As Trimorphe she can represent many things, like sun/gas giant/moon, or the system in which Raxxla is found might have something like three black holes or three stars. If it was symbolically three stars, it could easily be a smaller, medium, and giant star, or something related to mass or age of the three stars in general- like a really young, a medium age, and a really old star (or even a black hole). She can represent the path to raxxla, the Omphalos rift, and the other side. She could also represent the shadowy power behind humanity directing its affairs through the three organizations of the Empire, the Federation and the Alliance. The Raxxla symbol clearly has three marks (related to Hecates wheel) so there is always that, as well. Did you know there is a system within 7-9 jumps from Tionisla that can be reached without any engineering (obviously) that contains THREE black holes? Its pretty fascinating and I havent done a thourough sweep of it or its surrounding systems just yet but I did bum around it for awhile.
As Triodia she is found at crossroads, and as of now the path from where we are to Raxxla is nothing but a convoluted labrinth of crossroads!

When it comes to Persephone one thing to consider is that Kore is a general term, meaning just "young girl" which is why within the system Persephone there is a planet called "Kore". Sometimes she is just referred to as this, but you could call any young girl "Kore" and it would apply. Salome was a Kore, a young girl. She died at 28, arguably on the cusp of what we would consider today "Womanhood". Her journey also then began when she was really just a young girl, years before her death. In the myth, Hades tricks Persephone into eating six pomegranate seeds, this traps Persephone in the underworld for half the year. Its also thought by some scholars that the fruit in the Garden of Eden was not an apple, but a pomegranate. In either case the pomegranate is related to irrevocable changes in ones life and perceptions. Salomes history is just that. With her family being killed, becoming a senator, then becoming obsessed with Raxxla as many others had done. She ate the pomegranate and entered the underworld.

Just some food for thought...
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein