Noobilite
Feb 20, 2019
#6,204
Is it possible this is the reason for the current thargoid attacks. Maybe they are hitting station that had this done to them. Maybe there is some slow conspiracy to destroy the galaxy and weaken it for a takeover. Are the thargoids mindless biological AI's like there repair drone. Maybe someone used the old wars to take the over or manipulate them through their protocols or similar to attack us. They keep attacking stations. It's odd.

https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Thargoid_Sensor

Or are players doing this now?! I have not heard of this before. Is this still doable or happening? Or is this happening as people fight thargoids and then sell the debri off?! Maybe they setup an event that isn't winnable like in star trek. The more we fight the more they win!? 8\

UA BombingEdit

"UA Bombing" was the colloquial term for the practice of selling Thargoid Sensors en masse at a specific station with a black market, with the goal of shutting that station down using the Sensors' technology-disrupting properties. Stations that were shut down could still be docked with, but had most services disabled, similar to a Lockdown state. While the effects of UA Bombing were not permanent and would reverse over time even without intervention, the suspension of vital station services for several weeks could be an inconvenience.
UA Bombing required a significant quantity of Thargoid Sensors, up to 100, though the number varied. The Sensors had to all be sold at the same station within the same week for the UA Bombing to be successful. Once enough Sensors were sold, the station would experience "technical issues" and be "on the brink of closure". At that time, selling thousands of units of Meta-Alloys at that station before the next weekly server downtime period could counteract the Sensors and prevent the shutdown entirely. If no action was taken, then after the weekly server downtime the station was forced to shutdown. If this occurred, the station would automatically begin repairing itself, but the process took several weeks on its own. Meta-Alloys could be sold there to increase the pace of repairs and shorten the shutdown period.
On November 29, 3304, announced a breakthrough in Meta-Alloy research that allowed extremely small quantities of Meta-Alloys to provide sufficient protection against Thargoid Sensor-related interference, and arranged for shipments of Meta-Alloys to be distributed to affected stations. This effectively marked the end of UA Bombing, as Thargoid Sensors ceased to cause technological damage to stations, and the sale of Thargoid commodities in general was legalized.
Click to expand...

Is the only way to stop the thargoids to not fight them?!

Edit: Ok, this might be the wrong thread. But it's so mixed up at this point I'm not sure what is or isn't relevant! It could be... Unless we have to find raxxla as a gateway to protect humanity as human nature will not allow us to all stop fighting presumably... Although I wonder if an entire stopping of player fights could occur to test this. And if it happened if they wouldn't artificially simulate it to try to fool us! There was something about a lifeboat for humanity... Oh, that was the formadine rift conspiracy. I am mixing things up. Maybe it leads to raxxla! It is oddly in the direction of the adromeda galaxy which is often thought connected to it. And aren't the thargoids comeing from the direction of that weird nebula that looks like the thargoid symbol?!

BTW, did anyone realize there is a list of tourist beacons now in game to show which ones you've gotten. This could help a lot if they are related to raxxla hunt at all. I wonder if they show the ones you saw before this feature was implemented.

https://imgur.com/S2m8hne

If anyone wants to hear, I have a personal raxxla like incidence. Every time I try to scan and Barnard's Star I end up dieng before I can sell the data. That place is cursed.
Last edited: Feb 20, 2019