Jorki Rasalas
Feb 17, 2022
#25,339
HunterwithGreenScales said:
Ill just throw this down here. Since I've stated this theory before in other places. Its my (VERY tenuous) theory that Raxxla is in CD-37 10033:

The short of it:
Guardian Civ + Wclass stars.
Reading though the old data from guardian obelisks, it implies very subtly guardian connections to Wolfs. Particularly how the stars cooling affected their evolution, and rise of civilization.
Guardian "Bubble" is mostly centered around a Wolf, "Gamma Velorum".
Second Guardian "Bubble" is also centered around a Wolf as well.
Guardian AI constructs are missing from history.
Guardian Constructs gone somewhere far.
Constructs speak to humanity via dreams.
Dark Wheel know this, spent centuries gathering up "evidence" from affected individuals, records at hidden station, never actually found physical Raxxla.
Jasmine Haley and Gan Romero have dreams recently. (now D-2 as well! From the Hyford Cache mystery at Oaken Point)
Jasmine says; "I saw a place of extraordinary beauty. A paradise. It was truly wonderful. This was no dream – it was a glimpse of something very real. We must find this place. It could be our future".
She also describes them as "architects of creation"
Romero records; "an area of space, not black but radiant…glowing like heaven"
Systems inside single system nebulas have a sky bright and radiant (like Bubble Nebula).
CD-37 is a Wolf-Rayet inside such a nebula.

As stated; VERY tenuous. Have to assume with little evidence of Raxxla-Guardian connection 1st.
Basic gist: We got to find the DW base (my money is in Polaris) first before we can properly look for Raxxla. The records there will reveal both the length of time the DW has been looking for Raxxla, as well as all their accumulated evidence for it's existence.
Click to expand...
Well, if you believe Raxxla is in a Wolf Rayet system have you looked in LAWD26? I’ve pointed out several times in this thread that system is a huge anomaly since DB supposedly believes in scientific accuracy for ED. WR are highly luminous objects due to their high temperatures, Gamma Velorum (supposed Guardian home system) is a naked eye object from Sol though its over 1000 ly away. If it were IRL LAWD 26 would be the brightest thing in our sky, outshining our sun - “Just a tiny bit obvious”???
Reactions:
Adel and Rochester