Merlin StWahgwaan
Feb 16, 2022
#25,321
Whoa! OK calm down abit ppl on the word accessible. Accessible = findable , firstly.

Secondly, I used the word as an assumption based on the fact that this Quest to Find Raxxla, the Potato Hunt, and other searches ect, are all based on the assumption that Raxxla is both in game and accessible/findable, otherwise, WHY ARE WE LOOKING FOR IT, if we are assuming its not been inserted into the game/accessible for us to find...?

like come on... if your not willing to work under the assumption its accessible/findable, then why bother looking at all??

that's all I'm saying.... anyways.... as I originally said and everyone repeated, yes, everything is technically possible and an argument can be made either way for almost anything, but you have to take what you do have as 'evidence' and rely on that as much as you are willing too as possible facts, and then read between the lines and make more assumptions.

Until fdev comes out with a direct statement or these places/things are found, your right, we could all be 99% wrong in all our assumptions. But to claim its not accessible now, is to me like saying, why bother looking at all? Why even talk about it? If you think it's not there for us now, then why are you here? Just to make others believe you that it's not there, and ruin there experience of looking? I doubt it... its more likely that more than 50% of ppl actively looking for these believe based on what shaky 'evidence' we have, they are in game and accessible in some fashion, even if just POIs, so it's a reasonable assumption to make in this thread I think to use the word accessible, regardless of the facts that yes, they could be in permit locked areas.

I will admit sure, there are lots of things like POIs that don't show in the system maps, but again, if we go back to the basics and the assumptions made in this thread several times that they've been in game since launch, than there is a very limited set of options for these things to be, unless of course they've been completely redone and changed, which again, sure is a possibility, but I believe if they were already ingame as say orbital Stations, as we assume the DW is, that's its unlikely they completely scrapped them and made them into somthing else...not impossible, but I think unlikely due to the costs of scrapping and remaking existing models as a whole. And then atleast the DW station, would be on these system maps we have if it existed. Even Asteroid stations are visible on the system map. I admit raxxla was a bad thing to say originally since we don't what it is, but the DW is +90% likely a station in orbit of a moon of a gas giant, and again an assumption, likely should show on the system map, especially if that map was supposed to be hidden from us but got out due to a mistake, i doubt fdev is just prepared with things deleted from maps and obfuscated in a system they think we cant get into at all anyways, that'd be alot of work on a system youve locked all plyrs out of already anyway, why bother, just make the system how you want, why manipulate the map before needing too?... and sure the legends say DW avoids detection, but there's no proof that actually means it doesn't show up on your system map still once you've accessed the system map, especially a purchased one, not fss yourself, nor that it's possible for fdev to even have an actual orbital station not show up on its system map at all.... if you think thats all possible, then why would these places being accessible not be possible as well??

And yes fdev inserts over time, nothing new there, but this particular story line, or w.e. you want to call DW/Raxxla, has been talked about since launch as being in game, so saying they havnt inserted it yet, is basically, essentially, calling fdev/drew liars flat out... sure it could be locked behind permits, ill admit that, even if I think theyre unlikely to be behind unknown permits, but to say they physically don't exist in any accessible/findable way in game is to call these ppl liars, and im not willing to go that far without actual hard proof, like 100% of the galaxy explored and mapped.

Lol I'm just saying, everything is both possible and not possible at this point yes, but to ignore some things that you can likely infer some fairly reasonably reasoned 'evidence' from, isn't the best way to be looking for somthing... sure you can argue both sides of every theory at this point, but claiming things flat out don't exist or only exist in lockedout out spaces, when we have no other evidence that they are there, is just a waste of time and conjecture at best, I could claim Aliens live at Fort Knox in America since its the most secure building on earth, but like come-on, I have no proof and there is ample proof that they store gold there, not aliens... gotta take what you do have as evidence before you can make assumptions or leaps is all I'm saying...
Reactions:
Spenceuk99