Jorki Rasalas
Feb 17, 2022
#25,340
Rochester said:
Nothing is confirmed regards Raxxla or the Dark Wheel; anything is potentially permitted within reason until proved otherwise.

Being devils advocate I’ll try and respond to your own assumptions, this is not meant to be counter intuitive but to challenge any and all assumptions, even my own. And open the floor for critical thinking.

We don’t actually know if any content - if it is potentially within a permit locked system is currently visible, that it maybe obfuscated either because they don’t appear on a scanner (eye ball Mk i only) or it simply requires FD to actively turn/insert them in/on.

Likewise it is equally possible that the evidence provided of the content of these ‘empty’ systems is evidence they are not related to the DW / Raxxla; it therefore remains an unknown or intelligence gap.

Raxxla is described as being in game and within the galaxy it has never been described as ‘accessible’; please provide a source if there is one because this potentially is one of the biggest bits of evidence which could flip our assessment of the evidence from ‘maybe’ to certain.

It is believable that the Raxxla / DW station would not be in-game for all this time, as it is not outside the realms of plausibility.

It is not a nice idea but it’s not impossible; as there is no evidence to the contrary; any informed assumption must be made upon existing evidence anything else is conjecture / projection and open to bias, as such this falls under an intelligence gap, its in the unknown, if it’s an unknown it’s still possible, we must be open to our own biases, again it informs the previous assessments / assumptions.

FD states Raxxla is in game but they never confirmed it’s accessible, if it is narratively locked it can technically be said to be in game but not actually physically there.

eg ‘we know where it is - because we hand crafted a system for it, the location exists, however it’s empty, but the content exists because we storyboarded it, it’s forms part of our 10 year narrative and will get inserted at x date.’ (Not a quote but a made up example).

It is logical to assume that unobtainable permits may simply be irrelevant; based upon FD behaviour of removing / delaying content, therefore the possibility of there being no implementation at all, remains a possibility.

Equally said permits may be relevant, therefore it falls within an intelligence gap, and it is possible that Polaris is locked simply due to its previous lore relationships, and is not related to the DW / Raxxla.

The existence of the codex doesn’t confirm any such content is currently in game, this was confirmed by FD when I directly questioned them (evidence in thread) regards these entries, as they answered with their catch-all phrase that certain factions and permits may not currently be active.

Such an informed assumption identifies that some parts of the codex are narrative implements, possibly to prime us for future content or to cover over historical errors / retconned lore.

Any statements made by senior executives or employees although reliable due to being a public statement, may not be totally trustworthy, as said conversations could have been made out of context, or said parties could themselves have been misinformed; content is open to change or removal from game altogether or may be totally narrative in nature.

From time to time DB made many statements regards proposals for future content, many of which were very detailed, many of which were storyboarded, some were coded and exist in the game logs; these were never resolved.

FD also confirmed they have removed content from the game; it is also apparent other content has either been removed or nerfed for the future, such as the ‘mission packs’…

The current CM stated ‘it’s out there’…’of course it’s out there’… ’the payoff would need to be big’… what that means is open to interpretation. However said statement mirrors almost exactly what said CM said regards other narratively driven content.

Said CM in the same statement confirmed FD insert content over time, an informed assumption is that such statements don’t confirm anything except that of a narrative element; however they are purposefully non confirmative due to the nature of the IP so it open to debate.

So what FD say is not 100% concrete, it is open to interpretation / change due to the development nature of the game and that all major content is actually drip fed and inserted over time.

Drew’s interpretation of the event although trustworthy is also still not directly known, and his interpretation of the event has changed over the years. Not saying it’s not true, but the context has been muddled, it could be biased.

At most, we can ‘choose’ to believe that FD public statements are accurate and trustworthy; if that holds true then an assessment can be made that there is a realistic possibility Raxxla is in game and discoverable that equates to a 50% likelihood, meaning it either is or isn’t… but maybe it is…

Anything else is open to debate or is an intelligence gap…
Click to expand...

I think FD statements are accurate and trustworthy, but also they have a sense of humour, they want the search for Raxxla to be difficult, and their words can (and often are wrt Raxxla) highly ambiguous.

I suspect the “big payoff” for any discoverer of Raxxla is an invitation to visit FD HQ at Cambridge and see the new developments in progress (after signing an NDA). I suspect some have already done so.

So, I think it’s in-game, it’s in the Milky Way, there are clues, but it’s very hard to find. The one thing you didnt mention is the reputed statement by MB that a pilot has visited the system it’s in, honked but didnt find Raxxla. Although there is no evidence to back up this rumour I have no reason to doubt the veracity of the source. So the implication is that Raxxla exists but is either very difficult to detect or it is hidden in plain sight as an everyday object that people just ignore and dont explore.....

So either you need to be very close to Raxxla to honk and detect it, or it’s “dark” and you need to detect it visually (& this may be the real reason for the codex phrase about a dark station, as a hint to the way Raxxla is implemented in-game), or it’s disguised as an everyday object such as an asteroid (the logo may hint at this) or a space station or an npc or an installation (all of which have tunnels which might fit the omphalos hint in the codex).

IMHO these possibilities are far more likely than FD implementing it in a permit-locked system with no way to find the permit.
Reactions:
dysonl and Rochester