Rochester
Jan 21, 2021
#20,456
Jorki Rasalas said:
Han_Zen has pointed out to me the “Obfuscated on the Outer Rim” mission that seemed to indicate Raxxla & used to be available in Shin Dezhra (see first post of this thread). It is one of the clues we have been given (yes, of course there are clues!).

I forgot to point out in my latest hypothesis (well, should call it a theory since I believe I found supporting evidence) https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8911441
that the green glow I encountered was found while I was near the outer rim of the asteroid belt!

Mmm, maybe I should tweak FD and report it as a bug?
Click to expand...

Bravo.

I do concur.

Sol is my next stop off point after some Guardian shenanigans as I too have come to feel that the Raxxla logo could well depict Sol.

I have reversed and gone back to review the silent song of the spheres.

380 BC - Plato.
Musica Universalis or Music of the Spheres was a philosophical concept relating to the orbits of the planet's (of the sol ststem only) exhibiting a form cosmic harmony, an unheard (silent) song.

So if literal this 'clue' only points or relates to the movements of planets within the Sol system...

The only sphere not within that system was Urania (represented everything else outside our system) and there is in fact a 'silent sphere'.

Now to go back to link analysis, MB is a fan of John Milton, who within his works as well as MB favourited 'Paradise Lost', references Urania and the song of the spheres.

John Milton - was also an musician and exponent of the theory of song of the spheres, associating that each muse / sphere actullay related to some celestial angel..

All in all it could be interpreted as a clue to go look in Sol...

Urania “Heavenly one”---Stars---Hypermixolydian (A to A; Aeolian or minor).

Polyhymnia “Many hymns”---Saturn---Mixolydian (G to G).

Euterpe “Giver of joy”---Jupiter---Lydian (F to F).

Erato “Awakener of desire”---Mars---Phrygian (E to E).

Melpomene “The singer”---Sun---Dorian (D to D).

Terpsicore “Enjoys dance”---Venus---Hypolydian (C to C; Ionian or major).

Caliope “Beautiful voice”---Mercury---Hypophrygian (B to B; Locrian).

Clio “Giver of fame”---Moon---Hypodorian (A to A; Aeolian or minor).

Thalia “Festive, blooming”---Earth---no note or mode (silent).

Obfuscated on the outer rim, could simply mean obscured within the sphere of Urania or in space - its just somewhere in space!

Urania was also attributed to the planet Uranus.

Beyond Urania was a Crystalline sphere, then the Primum Mobile an opaque spherical shell(!).

Beyond that there was chaos, according to John Milton; there was an apex through which a golden ladder descended from the Empyrean above and through the Jasper Sea.

It is interesting to note, that this golden stair, is Jacobs ladder, and Jacob slept upon a Baetylus stone (Omphalos).

Someway off from here, upon this spherical shell was where Lucifer landed after exiting his causeway from hell below.

In Milton’s concept these are fixed boundaries within an enclosed shell or a system of revolving shells, or crystalline spheres.

https://cosmologik.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/dante_monde_duprat_une.jpg



Image: Dante’s World by Guillaume Duprat 2015.

Going off the hypothesis that 'something' is in Sol. As correctly pointed out, at the centre of the Raxxla logo there is the symbol, a dot within a circle. This synonymous with, and can be reliably associated with the symbol that identifies the Sol system.

Again. Potentially another clue pointing us to look in the Sol system.

The 3 curved lines, well I cannot find any reliable source, but it is very similar to that used within the system map, very simular...

Next is the central hexagon described by a broken / dotted line.

Raxxla has been described as hidden or lost or more importantly 'obfuscated' - to darken, to make obscure, confuse, to be evasive, unclear, hide from view.

Those dotted lines could be used for a number of purposes, but it could simply represent a diminished boundary, indicating the hidden parts of an object.

By convention, technical and engineering illustrations use a solid line for what is visible and the dashed or dotted line to indicate concealed lines and edges.

It could just be that simple.

The remaining elements I cannot attribute anything else to, without any further information.

Emitting from this central hexagon are six spokes or channels.

Its important to note these dont emit from the vertices of the hexagon, but from the sides, they are also somewhat wide.

This I find interesting, as this is unusual and may indicate something else, physically unconnected to the hexagon, as most separating lines emit from vertices are very thin, sometimes denoting polygons or halves / quarters etc.

It could indicate channels either in space or an object which leads to whatever is hidden?

Another potential association, and this is a leap, is that it too could identity Sol, in that it represents a sun wheel.

The sun wheel of Taranis

Historically the number of spokes vary for Taranis wheels, but it was not just their pattern that interested me, it was who Taranus represented.

Taranus was a thunder god but had variants, including Tanarus, Taranucno, Taranuo, Taraino, Tuireann; and (this is what caught my interest) could also be attributed to other thunder gods, Zeus, Thor and (German) Donar.

Taranus like Zeus and Donar could be attributed to Oak trees.

Donars Oak.

I am more inclined at present that your right in your assumption. And that Sol holds something of importance relating to Raxxla.
Last edited: Aug 2, 2021
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, [PS4] Filthymick420, simulacrae and 2 others