Jorki Rasalas
Jan 21, 2021
#20,453
SkyRock said:
First mention of Raxxla
I guess I'll argue with you) I will try to write everything as simply as possible so that Google translates correctly. I'll try to rely on the in-game lore, since the biggest mystery is unlikely to be based on mythology, it's too predictable and stupid ... here I partially agree with you, Raxla was found even before the colonization of the above systems. Think for yourself, at the end of the 21st century, Mars was only colonized, which means we have a gap of 100 years, which is quite enough for the formation of a myth, the Mechanic was the third generation, and maybe the fourth who already knew this myth. (lighthouse 0165) Delta Pavonis, Beta Hydri and Altair were colonized at the end of the 22nd century, and considering how many of them to colonize and fly to them, I would exclude them, I believe at the time of colonization of these systems there was a myth. (Lighthouse 0168) Simply put, there were only two systems when the Raxla myth was spread. I really can't find a tourist lighthouse where it says a ship was sent to alpha centauri before tau ceti ... In theory, a picture emerges that they flew not far from the sol, explored the nearest systems and found a raxla. The pearl in the crown of the mother of galaxies may be the first colony outside the sol, the sol mother of the Lagactic, and the first colony of pride, a great achievement, may just be the pearl.

It's just a theory, I found that the dotted line means a border, maybe it means that the search area is within the asteroid belt?





we were told that there will be no hints, so the toast is not a hint.

Well, probably that's all) when the move is complete, I will try to start the search by analogy as in the book of balad about beta-2. If interested, I can keep in touch.
to be honest - your theory is very good!
Click to expand...

Well, you seem largely to be agreeing with me. Yes, Alpha Centauri would probably have been explored by probe before Tau Ceti was colonised & that might have been a possibility for Raxxla location; however I explored Alpha Centauri thoroughly a while ago while testing out my then hypothesis based on Michael Brookes’ Yggdrasil t-shirt and tattooed back, Garden of Eden/Paradise Lost, and a very interesting book I read which suggested from Southern regions of Earth Alpha Centauri is the brightest star. Search my posts in this thread for it.

Don’t know what you mean by a geo reconnaissance drone in ED. Perhaps one of the probes might assist in the search for the source of the green glow, but I suspect you’d have to target it first and that’s where I failed.

Yes, It has been said by MB there would be no clues; he also said no clues at this stage (which means none to be given at that time, doesn’t mean there wouldn’t be earlier clues or later clues!). We were also told not to believe everything we were told! So I don’t!
Last edited: Jan 21, 2021
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420