SkyRock
Jan 21, 2021
#20,450
Jorki Rasalas said:
well, I've been dropping hints for a month now & it's time to pass on my latest hypothesis re Raxxla. I think it's my last! It does answer many of the points made recently. Up to you whether you believe it or not.

SPOILER


















































































































































































First mention of Raxxla
I guess I'll argue with you) I will try to write everything as simply as possible so that Google translates correctly. I'll try to rely on the in-game lore, since the biggest mystery is unlikely to be based on mythology, it's too predictable and stupid ... here I partially agree with you, Raxla was found even before the colonization of the above systems. Think for yourself, at the end of the 21st century, Mars was only colonized, which means we have a gap of 100 years, which is quite enough for the formation of a myth, the Mechanic was the third generation, and maybe the fourth who already knew this myth. (lighthouse 0165) Delta Pavonis, Beta Hydri and Altair were colonized at the end of the 22nd century, and considering how many of them to colonize and fly to them, I would exclude them, I believe at the time of colonization of these systems there was a myth. (Lighthouse 0168) Simply put, there were only two systems when the Raxla myth was spread. I really can't find a tourist lighthouse where it says a ship was sent to alpha centauri before tau ceti ... In theory, a picture emerges that they flew not far from the sol, explored the nearest systems and found a raxla. The pearl in the crown of the mother of galaxies may be the first colony outside the sol, the sol mother of the Lagactic, and the first colony of pride, a great achievement, may just be the pearl.
Codex Raxxla logo/icon
It's just a theory, I found that the dotted line means a border, maybe it means that the search area is within the asteroid belt?

can someone try to scan the asteroid station with a geo-reconnaissance drone? I would have done it myself, but I have a move to my own apartment)
According to Koben (https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8293919) whenever you enter an Asteroid Station, you'll find those 3 arches from the Raxxla icon glowing a greenish/bluish hue.

Codex: The DW toast etc
we were told that there will be no hints, so the toast is not a hint.

Well, probably that's all) when the move is complete, I will try to start the search by analogy as in the book of balad about beta-2. If interested, I can keep in touch.
to be honest - your theory is very good!
Reactions:
simulacrae and [PS4] Filthymick420