Jorki Rasalas
Jan 21, 2021
#20,459
Rochester said:
Bravo.

I do concur.

Sol is my next stop off point after some Guardian shenanigans as I too have come to feel that the Raxxla logo could well depict Sol.

I have reversed and gone back to review the silent song of the spheres.

380 BC - Plato.
Musica Universalis or Music of the Spheres was a philosophical concept relating to the orbits of the planet's (of the sol ststem only) exhibiting a form cosmic harmony, an unheard (silent) song.

So if literal this 'clue' only points or relates to the movements of planets within the Sol system...

The only sphere not within that system was Urania (represented everything else outside our system) and there is in fact a 'silent sphere'.

Now to go back to link analysis, MB is a fan of John Milton, who within his works as well as MB favourited 'Paradise Lost', references Urania and the song of the spheres.

John Milton - was also an musician and exponent of the theory of song of the spheres, associating that each muse / sphere actullay related to some celestial angel..

All in all it could be interpreted as a clue to go look in Sol...

1 Urania “Heavenly one”---Stars---Hypermixolydian (A to A; Aeolian or minor)
2 Polyhymnia “Many hymns”---Saturn---Mixolydian (G to G)
3 Euterpe “Giver of joy”---Jupiter---Lydian (F to F)
4 Erato “Awakener of desire”---Mars---Phrygian (E to E)
5 Melpomene “The singer”---Sun---Dorian (D to D)
6 Terpsicore “Enjoys dance”---Venus---Hypolydian (C to C; Ionian or major)
7 Caliope “Beautiful voice”---Mercury---Hypophrygian (B to B; Locrian)
8 Clio “Giver of fame”---Moon---Hypodorian (A to A; Aeolian or minor)
9 Thalia “Festive, blooming”---Earth---no note or mode (silent).

Goingvoff the hypothesis that 'something' is in Sol. As correctly pointed out, at the centre of the Raxxla logo there is the symbol, a dot within a circle. This synonymous with, and can be reliably associated with the symbol that identifies the Sol system.

Again. Potentially another clue pointing us to look in the Sol system.

The 3 curved lines, well I cannot find any reliable source, but it is very similar to that used within the system map, very simular...

Next is the central hexagon described by a broken / dotted line.

Raxxla has been described as hidden or lost or more importantly 'obfuscated' - to darken, to make obscure, confuse, to be evasive, unclear, hide from view.

Those dotted lines could be used for a number of purposes, but it could simply represent a diminished boundary, indicating the hidden parts of an object.

By convention, technical and engineering illustrations use a solid line for what is visible and the dashed or dotted line to indicate concealed lines and edges.

It could just be that simple.

The remaining elements I cannot attribute anything else to, without any further information.

Emitting from this central hexagon are six spokes or channels.

Its important to note these dont emit from the vertices of the hexagon, but from the sides, they are also somewhat wide.

This I find interesting, as this is unusual and may indicate something else, physically unconnected to the hexagon, as most separating lines emit from vertices are very thin, sometimes denoting polygons or halves / quarters etc.

It could indicate channels either in space or an object which leads to whatever is hidden?

Another potential association, and this is a leap, is that it too could identity Sol, in that it represents a sun wheel.

The sun wheel of Taranis

Historically the number of spokes vary for Taranis wheels, but it was not just their pattern that interested me, it was who Taranus represented.

Taranus was a thunder god but had variants, including Tanarus, Taranucno, Taranuo, Taraino, Tuireann; and (this is what caught my interest) could also be attributed to other thunder gods, Zeus, Thor and (German) Donar.

Taranus like Zeus and Donar could be attributed to Oak trees.

Donars Oak.

I am more inclined at present that your right in your assumption. And that Sol holds something of importance relating to Raxxla.
Click to expand...

Interesting thoughts there. I did wonder how the “Song of the Spheres” might fit in, but unfortunately I’m not musically gifted. I did also like the possibility that MB’s back tattoo was a major clue & that led me onto my earlier Paradise Lost/Alpha Centauri/Eden hypothesis; hadn’t thought of your interpretation. I still think the 3 crossed lines in the Raxxla icon indicates several of the asteroids; the dotted hexagon as an engineering drawing convention indicating “hidden” hadn’t occurred to me either, but might be a better interpretation than mine of 33 Polyhymnia, although I still like the fact that she is depicted as finger to lips & wearing a cloak which does suggest stealth. In the end it would be interesting to hear from FD what their thinking was in constructing these clues. It might be that they were well aware of the multiple possibilities & thought they all applied.

But I’d urge people to wing up and search the outer edge of the asteroid belt in sector 16 with coordinated scan honking. I still think that green glow I spotted was Raxxla/Omphalos beginning to instance and there is more to see. I might search further but try a more agile ship than my exploration Phantom. But at the moment after a month of searching I’m RNGd out.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, simulacrae and Rochester