Rochester
Jul 13, 2023
#30,847
I suspect the emphasis was to focus on the ‘game’ as-is, as a modern IP, not dwell too much on historical IP which might either by outside FD control or not their personal objective.

Not wishing to cast aspersions, because ultimately it’s FD narrative. Only concern is it’s evident certain historical information which was communicated, might now be actually counter-intuitive, if said narrative was retconned or paused, as it is evident certain systems in game have been specifically placed as part of some wider scaffold regarding the ‘underworld’ idea.

As an audience we have to take what is communicated as accurate. It begs questioning how much of that information FD are actually aware of themselves? It’s been confirmed by previous CM that various content made by previous employees, was an unknown!

Personally I suspect the Raxxla narrative was pulling too much focus and resources and may have clashed with other projects. It feels like the original objective (and this is subjectively hypothetical) woukd have required a great deal of ‘dungeon mastering’ and FD just wanted something simple.

Either way something changed, whatever the reason it’s an internal business reason we have no right to speculate too much on. But it does raise questions about historical information and it’s context.

Personally I feel, like the DW codex; FD used this method as a clever retconning exercise, to effectively either draw a line under it or index it, It’s as likely the original Raxxla narrative was paused, but this raises again the problem of ‘narrative gating’.

If certain information in game is to be accepted to be accurate, it’s evident it actually points someplace very obvious, but it being archived/paused means that once it’s unlocked it’s actual discovery will become yet another page-turning experience, ergo we cant find it currently.

Or FD opted for the ‘better’ solution, which is my preferred option, to redact certain historical elements of any past narratives, but repurpose them or refer to them with new ‘environmental narratives’.

The ‘environmental narratives’ are the real objective, but do they just exist as myths or do they resolve into someplace or something. I still believe Raxxla is in game, but we’ve only just scratched its surface.
Last edited: Jul 13, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian