Rochester
Jul 14, 2023
#30,860
That’s as maybe. And very possible - it’s up to FD to acknowledge.

Be careful however of making public allegations about potentially private business processes, assumptions and hypocritical concepts however around the ‘gameplay’ is more inline with what we are endeavouring to do here. Where possible we try not to make such concepts concrete as it’s outside our knowledge base, going off only on the information provided to us!

It’s equally likely if we accept the above as a likelihood, that any public information which might be historical, may no longer actually be relevant. We’ve actually discussed this before here. And some conjecture that might be what the codex’s are telling us.

However, the Codex stipulates ‘new’ information.

Is this new information advocating something ‘else’ is in game, or does this advocate the existence of a ‘narrative’?

Remember a narrative doesn’t necessarily mean something can be interacted with, a narrative can be paused, and turned on at a later stage… this is something FD support and Devs confirmed (regarding the missions).

FD support when questioned and advised by Devs, do indicate ‘something’ is out there but they will not confirm it’s a dead end.?

The previous CM confirmed ‘something is out there’ but would not confirm what, how, where, what, only that there was ‘a pay off’ likewise FD has utilised the word ‘spoilers’!

It’s evident at least there is an ‘archeological’ scaffold in game, centred around the underworld.

It’s your choice to quest, personally I’m interested in learning about what is historically in game and potentially where it ‘pointed’, and if it actually does point somewhere! It is my ‘assumption’ this is the case and is linked directly to what you have postulated, if it is a reality ‘that’ archaeology is at least ‘something’, even if it’s just a footprint.

I also quest to solidify (in the absence of information) the fact that something is either ‘accessible’ or simply just narrative.

I believe it is one or the other.

If something is in game it is very likely either some type of ‘environmental story’ which either is archeological, or an Easter egg. Or it’s narrative, and that could relate to either a dead end or it’s just a matter of ‘waiting’.

However the last two options are counter intuitive in line with the two Codex’s published by FD. And I would advise you to likewise challenge this with FD, I have and they via tickets would not confirm it’s counter intuitive, only responding in the positive.

However, I still keep in mind it’s as likely ‘narrative’ as a lot of the data does point that way - again this is something FD very likely would never confirm, because it gives their story arc away and makes it difficult for them to initiate story threads if we can out-run them (although I suspect the previous CM did).

And remember, it’s just a game. Doesn’t really matter how you play it, questing is not necessarily about getting to the end.

Last edited: Jul 14, 2023
Reactions:
Han_Zen, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Darrack and 1 other person