Jorki Rasalas
Jul 13, 2023
#30,846
Rochester said:
Likelihood is that A: as the text alludes, they have not risen to any state to warrant them being considered a threat; B: that FD has plans for that faction, and has simply ‘paused’ that narrative.

At one point a single Cmdr was able to flip the status of the SD system to anarchy, FD quickly reset it, indicating they liked the status quo.

FD has indicated via a series of independent tickets, that the DW missions were removed, but may be turned back on at an unknown point in time, likewise in regards the associated Trinkets of Hidden Fortune, indicating a narrative existed but was retconned circa 2016/2017. It’s FD prerogative as to if they choose to reinstate that narrative or leave it alone.

Either way I’m inclined to suspect it’s a redundant narrative. One could read the DW Codex as confirmation of this. However, the evidence of ‘new’ information, ergo the description of the DW station and a gas giant with an eighth moon is new intelligence - indicating the possibility a station could be out there and just needs finding.

If viewed in that respect it could just relate to a re-write, and the station can just be found by anyone, it’s just out there someplace.
I suspect it might be significant that Drew Wagar’s Elite Reclamation book had a character explicitly say TDW in Shinrarta are just a front, & “the outer rim” of a multi-layered organisation that operates “wheels within wheels”. The duplication of that “outer rim” phrase with its first use in the description of one of the deleted Shinrarta E/F missions is what sets me pondering. I wonder if the apparent dropping of a TDW storyline is related to the clear falling out of DW and FD....he clearly wasn't impressed with their storytelling ability (witness his comments on PowerPlay).

Now I fully accept that as well as their love for the game itself FD also have commercial drivers for the way the game develops and the narratives within it, so there might be sound reasons for the termination of such a storyline. IIRC a lot of retconning happened around the time FD went more commercial, gaining outside financial backing & those backers would presumably have a say in the way the game developed.

Perhaps this and other storylines were put on a back burner to be restarted when the Thargoid war is over? Personally I think that would be a mistake as these other storylines are needed for non-pewpewers to remain connected with the game. Once player interest is lost then it’s lost.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian