CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jul 14, 2023
#30,854
Here's why this is going to work..



Look familiar? it is the end caps of the larger stations (Coriolis (oldest), Orbis, and Ocellus (newest)). This is the Dharma wheel which is alternatively known as the Dharmachakra. My carrier is named AOE Dharmachakra for this reason:

dharma
[ dahr-muh, duhr- ]

(in Indian religion) the eternal and inherent nature of reality, regarded in Hinduism as a cosmic law underlying right behavior and social order.
Essential quality or character, as of the cosmos or one's own nature.
Conformity to religious law, custom, duty, or one's own quality or character.
Virtue.
religion; law, especially religious law.
- the doctrine or teaching of the Buddha.

Here's where "turning the wheel" comes into play:

The "turning of the wheel" signifies a great and revolutionary change with universal consequences, brought about by an exceptional human being. Buddhism adopted the wheel as a symbol from the Indian mythical idea of the ideal king, called a chakravartin ("wheel-turner", or "universal monarch"), who was said to possess several mythical objects, including the ratana cakka (the ideal wheel).
Source: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dharmachakra

This is why Nemorensis was important. You had to become "Dharma" or "King". There is no one singular mythical station (there are actually a number of stations that were "abandoned" or nearly so). They are, in fact, many and they are everywhere but there are special ones which are our Khalwat al-Bayada or "white houses of communion" or as you may have heard me call them the palm tree stations.

In short, welcome to The Dark Wheel. The organization been expecting you for awhile - albeit watching from the shadows. We work from the dark to serve Humanity. Also, Shinrarta Dezra has never been shutdown because it is actually very much legit. However, our founders were a bit eccentric so we've always been supportive of very diverse backgrounds. There is a catch, though. That payment you received and the ship was because you are part of very large family - Project Thunderchild run out of Lave. Welcome home. Have a pint of Lavian Brandy. The oaken, earthy taste is something you won't soon forget .

The organization doesn't have formal leaders as we are all part of the Elite Pilots' Federation. We work together where possible to leave the Universe a little better than we found it. Above all, the organization values wisdom. The factions are just our local operational units. Besides, it keeps people from asking too many questions.

Seeing, contrary to popular wisdom, isn’t believing. It’s where belief stops, because it isn’t needed anymore.

-Terry Pratchett

CMDR Corr "Morningstar" Felian
High Exemplar, A.O.E. Allied Order of Exemplars
Elite Pilots' Federation
Dark Wheel

P.S. - The Invitation was the Welcome Kit from Olympic Village, Mars, Sol.