Jorki Rasalas
Oct 6, 2024
#35,002
simulacrae said:
Yup - ive been looking into this as well. I mentioned back a bit how I think the Thargoid Artefacts are some sort of Seraphs. I suspect they are identifying Merope as The Garden. We might have re-enacted a bit of mythology when we stole the Meta-Materials from the Barnacles....



This exactly

Stealing the knowledge from the tree....
Click to expand...
Mmm, tree of knowledge, forbidden fruit, omphalos from which the Pythia (Pythoness, implying early monsters, and recalling that Rhea gave the omphalos stone to Chronos-an earlier god) gained knowledge, garden design (Li Qing Jao station)...sounds like we're fully back in Paradise Lost mythology and looking for the Garden. Could the codex ohrase "for those with eyes to see" actually be a clue to Paradise Lost by MB's favourite author John Milton who was blind? That station garden design ends with a gateway through the wall...

IIRC mankind's Fall (in-game system) was when Adam & Eve were expelled by the angel from gate to Paradise, so are we looking for something located towards the East or West of Gateway? Satan's fall was from the North wall.

In "Milton’s Ontology, Cosmogony, and Physics" Walter Clyde Curry 1957, Curry asserted that in Paradise Lost Heaven's Gate was on the West wall. However a more reasoned explanation seems to be by HF Robins 1961 "Satan’s Journey: Direction in Paradise Lost”, who revised Curry's analysis to place Heaven's Gate on the East Wall, and that “God faces the east, traditionally the holiest of directions”. "Robins highlights one important usage, that “Satan entered [the Garden] by jumping over the western wall—‘On the other side:’” I also suspect the in-game cardinal markers from the Greek Winds have been misplaced as intentional obfuscation.

An early Galnet post drew attention to long distance travels from Smithy’s Claim (Dahan 2c, Dahan Gateway, and Gateway has a planet named Hope which is reminiscent of the meaning of "Shinrarta Dhezra"..."In Life. She saw Hope). Ive already pointed out the singular naming of bodies within Dahan system...which could be an interpretation of the codex's toast.
Also a TB highlights that the Gateway system was originally known as Oltiqu (in earlier games), but was renamed (WHY?) when the Alliance was founded in 3230, and Elite Legacy hints that Raxxla is inAlliance space. MB said pointedly "When you’re travelling in Alliance space make sure you’re not accidentally smuggling something illegal”, which makes me think TOHF are the key to opening the gateway (TOHF are forbidden everywhere, so why draw attention to just Alliance space?)
Reactions:
simulacrae and Rochester