simulacrae
Oct 7, 2024
#35,008
Jorki Rasalas said:
n "Milton’s Ontology, Cosmogony, and Physics" Walter Clyde Curry 1957, Curry asserted that in Paradise Lost Heaven's Gate was on the West wall. However a more reasoned explanation seems to be by HF Robins 1961 "Satan’s Journey: Direction in Paradise Lost”, who revised Curry's analysis to place Heaven's Gate on the East Wall, and that “God faces the east, traditionally the holiest of directions”. "Robins highlights one important usage, that “Satan entered [the Garden] by jumping over the western wall—‘On the other side:’” I also suspect the in-game cardinal markers from the Greek Winds have been misplaced as intentional obfuscation.

Ya Ive read both of these and they are good - but i think they are possibly both wrong. I do agree with Robins in that i think Heaven is rectangular and essentially modeled after the Church or Temple. But that is also where he trips up (deliberately I think to fit his thesis). There is such a thing as Liturgical East and i think Milton is trying to create his map to fit the data that he is given. If we are constructing heaven as a Church - we must have the Entrance at the West end because East is the rising sun and the location of Christ/God. And in every Church/Temple - they are the Home of the God. The God faces outward toward the "door" - god wouldn't face east because he is the reason East is Holy. Also inorder to have Satan on the "Left Had of God" - he has to be in the South... But He wasn't Satan then... He was the Archangel Lucifer until he realized that God was giving the power of Creation to his Son...So it makes sense that he would be in the North/ Right Hand. And in Milton putting Satan in the quarters of the north is probably using Isaiah 14:12 (below). I suspect in Isaiah they are referring to the Egyptian Indestructibles... I think Set was over there too among the circumpolar stars....


"I will ascend into heaven,
I will exalt my throne above the stars of God;
I will also sit on the mount of the congregation
On the farthest sides of the north;
I will ascend above the heights of the clouds,
I will be like the Most High." - Isaiah


Ya ive been meaning to do a proper model of this ... but here is a paint doodle instead




Edit- As to the garden gate... I think the only gate is in the East side of the Garden. Hence when We are expelled from the garden - we are "East of Eden" I cant remember how that fits in with the path from heaven though...
Last edited: Oct 7, 2024
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and Rochester