CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 7, 2024
#35,009
simulacrae said:
Ya Ive read both of these and they are good - but i think they are possibly both wrong. I do agree with Robins in that i think Heaven is rectangular and essentially modeled after the Church or Temple. But that is also where he trips up (deliberately I think to fit his thesis). There is such a thing as Liturgical East and i think Milton is trying to create his map to fit the data that he is given. If we are constructing heaven as a Church - we must have the Entrance at the West end because East is the rising sun and the location of Christ/God. And in every Church/Temple - they are the Home of the God. The God faces outward toward the "door" - god wouldn't face east because he is the reason East is Holy. Also inorder to have Satan on the "Left Had of God" - he has to be in the South... But He wasn't Satan then... He was the Archangel Lucifer until he realized that God was giving the power of Creation to his Son...So it makes sense that he would be in the North/ Right Hand. And in Milton putting Satan in the quarters of the north is probably using Isaiah 14:12 (below). I suspect in Isaiah they are referring to the Egyptian Indestructibles... I think Set was over there too among the circumpolar stars....


"I will ascend into heaven,
I will exalt my throne above the stars of God;
I will also sit on the mount of the congregation
On the farthest sides of the north;
I will ascend above the heights of the clouds,
I will be like the Most High." - Isaiah


Ya ive been meaning to do a proper model of this ... but here is a paint doodle instead




Edit- As to the garden gate... I think the only gate is in the East side of the Garden. Hence when We are expelled from the garden - we are "East of Eden" I cant remember how that fits in with the path from heaven though...
Click to expand...
Necessary context from FFE.

The Northern Edge per FFE was in the direction of Ursa Major/Ursa Minor/Draco.
The Southern Edge is behind Sol in the general direction of Serpens - Aquila Rift (a.k.a. Milky Way's Great Rift).
The Western Edge is over by Varati and New Yembo.
The Eastern Edge is Imperial in the direction towards Coalsack Nebula.

This means:
Galactic North (towards Sagr A*) is the Southern Edge.
Galactic South (towards the rim of the galaxy closest to Sol) is Northern Edge.
The side of the Bubble towards Mare Desperationionis (Varati and New Yembo) is Western Edge
The side of the Bubble towards The Tenebris (largely Imperial) is the Eastern Edge.
Reactions:
simulacrae