Noobilite
Mar 6, 2019
#6,376
The bubble is a lie!!!!!111!!!!

There is only one shape in this galaxy. And it is the cube!!! 8D https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAWSkYqqkMA

We know what is going on now. They are trying to kill us all!! Once it is finished we will all be stuck in it and we are finished!!!! Raxxla will be the trap. It will portal us in and we will never be able to leave!

I noticed it near HD 38563C. It was a wall of stars. I knew instantly something was up. I moved around and found solid corners etc....

https://imgur.com/a/Tj2fTl1

BTW, there is also a line of stars at the center of the galaxy. It seems to basically span the whole thing. (some of this is col 70 but it keeps going far past it.)

https://imgur.com/25xAqsk

BZ.Latch said:
The same line pattern appears on mail slot bullseyes a smashed x with a line running through the middle. The center of the Raxxla logo has two circles and three partial circle lines, this resembles the data core of a Guardian beacon. The hexagon is used in game to represent engineers and modified modules. A dotted line may represent a crossable barrier or cloak. The Omphalos rift or possibly the omphalos stone in Delphi. No omphalos in the system of Delphi that can be seen but I'm sure you guys have already been there lol.

"The stone itself has a carving of a knotted net covering its surface, and has a hollow centre, which widens towards its base. The Omphalos at Delphi came to be identified as the stone which Rhea wrapped in swaddling clothes, pretending it was Zeus. This was to deceive Cronus, his father, who swallowed his children so they could not grow up and depose him as he had deposed his own father, Ouranos."
Any way that's my 2 cents about logo connections atm.
Click to expand...


A cloaking device would be awesome if that is where that line of logic leads!

I wonder if both of our cubes will be related in the end.

I've never been able to look at that guardian ball you get those blue prints from close enough to see if it was related. I'll have to look at some still photos.
Last edited: Mar 6, 2019
Reactions:
bluecrash