Rochester
Jan 28, 2024
#33,201
simulacrae said:
I made something back in the day - but ya there was no full itinerary and there was a fair amount of time between when she left and when she disappeared - I think there were possibly local news items on some of these places indicating she might have stopped there but - if they existed they have long since been wiped. From the few stops we know about - it seems she bounced around though.




And here is a slightly updated Timeline than the one I have in the Diagram above:

Click to expand...
Yes I recall all this now, my thoughts were initially identifying if the ‘full tour’ made a temporal pattern.

The fact FD did not take her on the full tour omits those systems from the puzzle IMOP. And reduces it to an area of space between just two points (A & B).

So my thoughts wandered obviously to what might be between these points. Also where they were relatively to my own wider research.

Then we have the spread of the wreckage which is not focused solely on one point, but indicates a directional spread.

And finally disregarding the ‘obvious’ propaganda that followed (which still could be true?) it’s evident that the change in direction may have been influenced by the Mahon meeting, what might Mahon have known or have been synonymous with during that period?

Thanks for the update, it’s good to see separate and independent research alongside one’s own; I can see that we’ve come to identify some of the same data independently.

Likewise I don’t currently see anything conclusive. Other than maybe:
One: it is just a series of textual precursors to flavour the narrative and has no direct relevance to any physical location.
Two: said flavouring is a precursor of the Guardian content and is narrative only.
Three: said Guardian narrative is flavouring of the wider Raxxla story, but is narrative only.
Four: said story is intended purely to draw the viewers attention to an unknown element within that general area.
Five: it might indicate that an entity, object or body exists between the points of interest which is an unknown.
Six: Said visions have shared similarities with each other indicating an unknown relationship.
Seven: Said visions occurred after the explosion.
Combined with my research
Said area is in direct correlation to the Morrigan triangle.
The visions have similarities with the various mythology of The Tuatha Dé Danann / Celtic concepts of a race of peoples existing within an ‘Otherworld’.
The Morrigan triangle is to date one of the most northern elements Ive identified linked to theology and mythology in game.
Working hypothesis

Is it possible that the narratives objective was not to identify a specific location; but to expand or bring attention to an environmental story hinting towards Brookes cosmology model?

Might said ‘illuminated area’ from the visions, being in the a northern aspect of the celestial hemisphere describe a similar design to that of John Milton’s Empyrean!

Given that ‘paradise’ aka John Milton’s pendant world, hangs from the brow of the Empyrean; might this story be a clue that this general area be part of this ceiling of heaven?
Last edited: Jan 28, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae, selbie and Quaero