Louis Calvert
Jan 28, 2024
#33,203
It's also possible that the purpose of the whole thing was to introduce the visions and communication with the Caretakers via Halsey, and the locations are just because everything has to happen somewhere. It also allowed players to interact with it via a CG search.

The diversion to Azaleach seemed odd at the time, but the later investigation revealed that the diversion was simply to bring Starship One to the corrupt technician to rig the drives to fail.

I'm so far unconvinced that the location means anything in itself.

I'm personally wondering why Jasmina Halsey? Why Gan Romero? Galnet asked the same question and tbh I don't think anyone's answered that one.

Is it random? Is there some specific conditions required?

Clearly it's got nothing to do with Hyperspace accidents: Gan wasn't involved in any accidents as far as we know, nor did he seem to have a history of travel. Jasmina must have travelled a lot as part of her job and the Caretakers never saw fit to visit her before.

If you re-read the Galnet articles you'll see that Jasmina had her visions while she was in the escape-pod induced coma. Gan kept a dream journal. It seems like these things happened when both people were sleeping over a period of time - but everyone sleeps, so why those people? Why then and not years before or years after? It can't have been location based because Gan lived in Vega with his wife and kids, so presumably had been there a while at least.

The only common factor I can see so far is that they were both in space for prolonged periods of time.

Presumably except for state visits like this, Jasmina spent most of her time on Mars. So this was presumably the only time she'd spent months off-world at a time, and asleep. Gan lived and worked on a space station.

The Raxxla myth seemed to appear when humans left Earth permanently. I bet all Raxxla hunters are people that spent a lot of time in space. Just a guess, but it fits the known facts so far.
Reactions:
simulacrae, Han_Zen, Hanerib and 3 others