Rochester
Jan 28, 2024
#33,206
A bridge to the Empyrean?

Concept:
If a cosmological model based upon John Milton’s Paradise Lost does exist in game, then the location of Heavens gate is of importance because it was the location of ‘Paradise’, a pendent crystalline sphere, aka Raxxla in game.

In Paradise Lost, John Milton established that the distance between Hells gate to that of Heavens Gate was relatively accurate, being on the opposite side of the zone of Chaos.

With these replicated and accurate in game, one could hypothetically use them to identify the unknown location of heaven’s gate - if there was a common axis?

The centre of this hypothetical zone of Chaos, as I’ve previously proposed, is based upon supporting evidence, to be most likely Sol, due to the presence of numerous systems named after storm/thunder gods that are in a bubble around Sol.

The lowest aspect of this hypothetical zone I’ve proposed to be Erebus; this is based upon the Paradise Lost text, which identified that the deepest vault of Erebus shook with the sound of the gates being opened, and that Erebus is precisely upon the outer rim of this zone of Chaos.

Remember, the axis for this alignment is shifted, IMOP and is in alignment with systems in game named after the Greek wind compass. In this relation Erebus is accurately positioned in the southern aspect of this zone.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10281101

If we then join these points and extend the line of sight; does it identify the gates of Hell?

When we do this, said line does actually intersect very close to the path of Jaques!



Within the path of Jacques there is an odd diversion, if we then extrapolate that path before Jacques left the bubble, between HIP 110079 and HIP 110620 then strangely said line intersects perfectly!

Note, this line is also at the midpoint between the systems ‘Bridge’ and ‘HIP 114458’ which is the home of the gen ship Achlys (the Death mist).




Upon this axis there is also the system Mu Cassiopeia, which contains the Generation ship ‘Artemis’?



How peculiar!

If we then extend that line of sight upwards and beyond the hypothetical boundary of Chaos, into the northern hemisphere, said line of sight does strangely come into very close alignment with the systems Shamash and Thetis!

In addition to this, this hypothetical axis is also very close to the system Olorun, which is named after the Yoruba god of the sky. This is interesting because the Yoruba creation myth utilises a mythos involving a ‘golden chain’ much like in Paradise Lost, which linked the upper realm to the Earth.

This area is also notable as being the home to various other Sun deities, such as Helios, who denoted the most Northernly aspect of the sky.

How peculiar!





In addition, equally odd is how Amun likewise falls directly upon the outer rim of the ‘signal radius, from Thetis!

What a bizarre coincidence?



*edited:

Following on from the above, I began to investigate an alternative for the line of sight going through Sol, but instead that it could go through MU Cassiopeia.
With this extrapolation the line of sight actually aligned perfectly with the midpoint of the Thetis signal!

Astonishing!







Assessment

It is highly likely (80% to >90%) that the systems ‘Bridge’ and ‘HIP 114458’ (Achlys / Death mist) identify an abstract point of origin for Satans bridge to the outer rim of Chaos, remembering that Sinn and Death guarded the gates of Hell and then built a bridge that traversed the zone of Chaos.

This is based upon its exact alignment with an axis drawn from Sol the centre, through Erebus the base, and which intersects an aspect populated by systems named after Sun or ‘northern’ deities.

This is also based upon the alignment with the generation ship ‘Artemis’ which given all other alignments surely cannot be a coincidence, and whose inclusion only adds weight that such alignments are intended.

It is highly likely (80% to >90%) that the alignment of said axis, travelling through MU Cassiopeia, aligns with the midpoint of Shamash and Thetis signal.

Assumptions

The Pendent world - Paradise aka Raxxla, if in line with an Miltonian model, ought logically to exist someplace upon this outer rim, outside the boundary of Chaos, close to the brow of the Empyrean.

In Paradise Lost Satan is told by the character ’Chaos’ to travel upwards from the throne of Chaos, which is somewhere at the base of the zone of chaos.

Satan doesn’t actually go directly to Paradise, but rather flies to the upper boundary of chaos and from that vantage point sees Paradise far off into the distance, where he was told he would find it, hanging from the walls of the Empyrean, close to where he first fell.

Key findings references

The Older Gods
Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'

The Cosmological model universe
Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'

Robert Holdstock Conundrum
Thread 'The Robert Holdstock Conundrum'

The Path of Jacques
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10129970

Could FD care to comment @Paul_Crowther?
Last edited: Nov 17, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, AnchorWriter, selbie and 1 other person