Jorki Rasalas
Feb 16, 2019
#6,041
Jaiotu said:
The Medallion absolutely did belong to Kahina. This was confirmed in chapter 15 of Premonition. During her trial when Gerrun had the medallion brought forward as evidence Kahina was surprised that they had it. From the relevant part of the book:



Furthermore the novel reveals the origin of the symbol:



Of course also throws some shade toward The Dark Wheel as a minor faction in Shinrarta Dhezra. From the same chapter:



Now, assuming all this is canon and that Rebecca was being honest, she also gives a good description of just who The Dark Wheel are:



Don't be surprised that The Dark Wheel is operating in diverse places and through organizations that you would never suspect.

Everything is connected. These passages from are some of the few, very rare, canon references to The Dark Wheel. We shouldn't ignore them but we also shouldn't put too much stock in them. Now that we have the Codex we have some genuine in-game hints that we can follow.

The novella, , which started this (so far) fruitless quest for Raxxla contained a great quote from Rafe Zetter:



This sounds very much like "The Club" from . Perhaps this gives us the best understanding of what is symbolized by the 'Dark Wheel Medallion'. The reptilian creature (representing The Dark Wheel and, perhaps also the original Raxxlans), locked in combat against the establishment (The Pilots Federation) which may ultimately be a pawn of The Club.
Click to expand...

Ah thanks J, I’d forgotten Premonition, and don’t remember that revelation at all. Must read the books again. Want my young clone Tyko to revisit these mysteries, after he’s got his ships engineered.

Mmm, being pedantic how do we know that woman talking about TDW was Rebecca? I always thought she was Alessia Verdi, especially since it was hinted somewhere she was Luko’s daughter and Luko may have been TDW. If Salomé was involved in TDW then he probably inducted her.

[edit: just checked in Premonition. The spiky-haired woman was aboard Rebecca’s ship, the old cobra “Cor Meum Et Animam” at Tionisla graveyard but so was Rebecca-the old lady Salomé had met in the hospital. So the spiky-haired woman is in TDW, not (necessarily) Rebecca. Since she was clearly associated with Rebecca I assumed she was another clone?]

You could be right in that the reptilian creature on the medallion is representative of the original Raxxlans, but I thought it was fan fiction with no basis in lore? Didn’t someone own up to being the designer? If it was DW then I could be convinced that it’s related, but I still think TDW lost (according to AHTW never had?) the location of Raxxla, so the Codex TDW toast is far more likely to lead to their hidden base station, and not to Raxxla.

and since we’re considering lore then as TDW’s symbol is a wyvern or a dragon surrounding the Elite symbol which I believe someone said is a griffin. Anyone know any lore about that combination of mythical beasts?

@Scytalle- are you sure the psychoninjapenguin actually left? You never know where ninjas are!
Last edited: Feb 16, 2019