Count dEstard
Feb 16, 2019
#6,055
For what it‘s worth: A few days ago I was experimenting a bit with the Raxxla symbol.

Due to its hexagonal shape it is possible to draw six sided stars a.k.a. Star of David or Solomons Seal into both Hexagons. The result adds some kind of 3 dimensional effect to the symbol making it look like a six sided tube sealed at both ends with the six pointed star.

Now King Solomon was said to have controlled demons using his seal. This made me think the 3 dimensional construction could symbolize a sealed container making me further think of Pandoras box.

There are no Pandora Systems on EDSM. I found only Pandemonium and Pandra. I then remembered CMDR Guru‘s advice about Wiki and Google and googled the Stations in those systems. The stations in Pandemonium are named after a German Theologist, a Japanese Astronomer, „Siddha“ which may be short for Siddharta and finally with „Zaschka“ a German last name that only means someone from Zatschke a place in Germany somewhere near nowhere.

The Stations in Pandra are all named after scientists. So guess this leads nowhere, but I‘m not willing to give up on my Pandora theory. One of course could look up systems with names relating to king Solomon like Zion or Moria/Morea.

Another thought: The Solomon part takes me back to Ishtar and Tammuz. Here is why: In Masonry at a certain degree the legend of the murder of Hiram Abiff is being told. As it is historically obscure who this Hiram might have been (several are mentioned concerning the construction of the temple of Solomon) and there is no mention of that particular myth in the holy book JSM Ward tried to find out who this particular Hiram might have been (JSM Ward: Who was Hiram Abiff - I own a copy of it). He deduced it could have been the father of Hiram of Tyrus (he sent builders and materials to Solomon) who got sacrificed to make the temple to stand strong. He also analyzed some of the Visions of Henoch deducing that there might have been lower chamber beneath the temple of Solomon where Astarte and Tammuz were shipped.

So this is longish and I have no idea where it might lead if anywhere. I just wanted to let you take part on my thoughts.

Edit: The masonic myth is basically about the loss of the Tetragrammaton, which ist the word of creation. Dan Browns novel „The lost Symbol“ covers this at least a bit. And for those afraid: This is not spilling the arcane. There are several BBC documentaries that exactly tell the story of Hiram Abiff. I have been btw to „Hirams Rest“ in Shibboleth and found nothing special.
Last edited: Feb 16, 2019
Reactions:
Eckee