Han_Zen
Aug 11, 2023
#31,223
ThArGos said:
Dear Raxxla seekers,

I would like to share with you something I've been looking into since a few days now.

The starting point of my investigations is PMD2009 48 also know as the last beacon of the Michael Brooks tour.
This tour starts with a megaship with a decal 'Raxxla Ho!' and ends with a beacon explicitly mentionning Raxxla.
Apart from the codex those are the only other mentions in the game.
I thought we were put on a track. I tried to keep things simple.
is located in the Orion Nebula. This region is filled with stars from official catalogs like 2MASS.
PMD2009 systems (there are 15) do not exist in "real life".
This seemed quite odd to me and thought they must have been put there manually. I decided to go to all of these.
I quickly realized that they are all perfectly aligned except for one which is dangling below: .

I obviously thought about the golden chain and the pendent world.
Then just next to this specific system I saw a system named . This started to be a lot of coincidences as this is the name of the book written by Michael Brooks.
I then realized this chain of systems is perfectly aligned with .
I wanted to be sure so I wrote a piece of code to check that out:


You can see for yourself here (sorry it's been written very quickly and it's not a nice looking page):

Along that quest I have seen other strange features only visible near the end of the chain of systems (PMD2009 32 for instance).
It's barely visible but there's a polygonal shape visible from here, just above us:




But I feel this may only be pareidolia and I should focus on the chain of PMD2009 systems and the text of Lost Paradise book 2 close to the quote of the beacon.
So I looked at blue stars because a Saphire is blue:

There are a few O, B and A spectral type stars around. I haven't seen them all yet.
What do you think?
Why is PMD2009 183 dangling below, just 1.5 LY from the Legacy system?
Why are the PMD2009 chain of systems perfectly aligned with sol?
I tried hearing with the FSS a lot but found nothing particular.
There are two PMD2009 systems with shepherd moons:
PMD2009 183 (4 A and 4 B)
PMD2009 72 (4 A and 4B)


I've been searching for gas giants with shepherd moon in this region.

I don't care if I'm not the one finding raxxla, but I feel that together we can do this.
sounds a lot like to me
Wikipedia says it means

Thanks for your feedback.
o7
The PMD2009 stars do exist in RL. http://simbad.cds.unistra.fr/simbad...&Radius=2&Radius.unit=arcmin&submit=submit+id

I think PMD stands for 'propper motion detection'.

The estimated distance to stars that are that far away is not very accurate, but the angle is. This gives the 'sting of stars' effect, when imported into a 3D environment. There are several of these stings in the game. They all point to Sol.

All this does of course not mean that FD haven't used this phenomena to their advantage, when creating some mysterious content.
Reactions:
Darrack, Rochester, ThArGos and 1 other person