Trailstorm
Dec 17, 2019
#14,166
CMDR Zulu said:
I think this train of thought on the undiscovered missions is a step in the right direction. I’ve been messing around in the Prism System near Ruby for a few days now but I’ve gotten nothing to show for it although I know that having a hold full of a large sum of credits seems to be implied (I’m too poor atm). Here’s why I think that:

Almost everything stolen by Winking Cat has had substantial monetary value.

Jefress treasure hunt sent enormous amounts of players to collect jewels in Prism.

Aisling Duval‘s “Shades of Prism” article specifically mentions she was adorned with Painite Sparkles (I believe Painite was the most expensive thing back then).
That Galnet Riddle by Rebecca to find the Zurara had an extra part that I don’t think was solved. “If you know what that means, find “zero” at Fibonnaci’s Zephyrum, a sum.” Or something to that effect don’t quote me on that.

I believe this was meaning find the beginning of the spiral, bring a large amount of money. Someone also mentioned in that old thread that Fibonacci’s Zephyrum may be hinting at Aristotle using bee’s to discover the golden ration and mentioned bees eggs (Soontill?)

Also “Princess Astrophel and the Spiral of Stars” has a duality to it. Is Princess Astrophel an allusion to Lucifer (The fallen star). And the Spiral of Stars an allusion to Soontill. I’m beginning to think so. The Club have been seemingly playing chess with humanity but playing against “who” exactly?

To sum it up. I believe they’ve been trying to lead us there for a purpose. To meet someone associated with The DW or CEIP (To meet someone in disguise, perhaps as a beggar). They seem to have Soontill and have been using it against The Club who I now believe have been exploiting Raxxla (it may even be Sirius’ planet Lucifer that is said to have metal rings wrapped around it) as if to signify it’s being restrained and exploited.

The Torc and Duradrive articles have been alluding to a conflict between two powerful computers. One with holograms and a that also suffered at the hands of fire like Soontill did, and another more one durable but far less “pretty”.

Even the names of Ryder’s sons seem to hint at this duality. Neptune desires Raxxla. Oberon desires Soontill, yet they choose Soontill. Perhaps because they deemed that Raxxla was already taken so to speak.

The whole Prism system alludes to Autolycus (The Wolf of The West). Is Sirius the “Wolf of the East”?

In the articles about the far god vs the void cults. The Far God cult also suffers at the hands of fire like Soontill.

Perhaps one reason all these mysteries have been so confusing is because there are two separate things causing them.

Thoughts on this?
Click to expand...
Once, I got this strange mission from inside the bubble. It was from some anonymous pilot (the image of them was all glitched out in an intentional way) who wanted me to head somewhere. Unfortunately, I don't remember much about it but I do believe I have some photos of it lying around on my phone somewhere...
Reactions:
simulacrae and CMDR Zulu