RaNaketh
Dec 17, 2020
#20,090
Jorki Rasalas said:
I can perhaps save you some time there:
Jorki is triple elite, and unlocked all the engineers, bubble+Colonia+Witchhead
Been allied with TDW in SD for ages, got allied with the PF faction that gives credits for killing goids. Visited most of the known beacons in the bubble, been to Beagle Point, joined the 64,000 ly Club. Visited Sag A* & Goliaths Rest

Young clone Tyko has been to Sag A* & Goliaths Rest and sold the exploration data the other day (100+ MCr) to TDW at Neuman Camp.

Both still waiting to hear from TDW!!!

I suspect Han_Zen may be right. We may either have to find the stealthy station by eyeball, or find another station where TDW recruiters hang out that might then lead towards it. I’m now wondering if need to get allied with the factions that show the triangle motif on their flag/drapes- it’s clearly beloved of Guardians and Pilot’s Fed/Universal Cartographic. Clearly FD when designing the game expected pilots to move around the bubble through running missions....perhaps the recruitment test is triggered by getting allied with sufficient number of the correct factions, your allied factions must be stored in-game but I don’t think it’s reported in the commander statistics.

There’s also the “Place that isn't a place, door that is also the key. The myth” mission (that may or may not have been deleted). Those elite ShinDez missions have always seemed to me to be the start of a storyline. Perhaps we need to find a “XXXX Gateway” station...
Click to expand...
Thanks Jorki,

I figured you and others had already likely covered off a lot of that ground!

It's also something my Cmdr wants to do and see, so it's more about prioritizing RL time to get stuff done, and not only that if it does fall down to a journey everyone must take I'd rather have done (most of) it before finding out the news I need to complete it all to get to Raxxla!

I like the focus on what was around in the early stages of the game, and have also held a long standing suspicion about those faction flags and neck tattoos. Interestingly some of those directly oppose TDW in SD.

SPOILER: GUARDIAN TATTOOS?

/ Ra