Jorki Rasalas
Feb 24, 2023
#29,286
Rochester said:
Mmm but here in lies the problem, if there is something in game which no one has ever been able to find because it literally is so obvious, then we need to reassess our practice!

If it’s not related to Raxxla then such expenditure of energy is fruitless, if it is Raxxla then we need to assess the evidence provided to us and the most obvious solutions?

According to Frontier Developments themselves, via their spokesperson M Brookes, it is in the galaxy. Ergo it can’t literally be in our ship? It has a location.

If it’s ‘obvious’ then is it some ‘obvious’ visual clue within the galaxy map, or some obvious concentration or cluster of stars or names or a very obvious nebula which any layperson could find…?

One persons idea or glaringly obvious is another person’s idea of earth shatteringly pedestrian.

We are all guilty of overthinking this, primarily because we had nothing to go off for several year apart from our own arcane thoughts or institutional thinking.

It would stand to reason for FD to implement Raxxla or the DW as something very innocuous.

I mean what’s this triangle nonsense about? Likely just a reference to the mystery livestream prize, maybe it’s cheese…



However in this stream they are talking about USS’s… is Raxxla a USS?

These are things I ignore, I scan them but I don’t engage with them…generally because we were told they were semi-persistent.

If we use the unconfirmed Braben hypothesis of ‘you need to scan it a few times’ it might fit, but where and when, does it matter?

Do we need to find the right USS or USS’s and… fill in the gaps?

Maybe Raxxla and or the Dark Wheel is a breadcrumb in the USS locations? Maybe it doesn’t matter where you start!

Does Ethel Moonshot know anything? Maybe it’s a USS we simply haven’t encountered?

If it’s location based then it would make it harder to find, but by they’re statements of it being obvious I suspect maybe the location is not a priority, maybe it’s a breadcrumb trail, and we need to fill in the blanks?

Click to expand...
The triangles that appear inthe nav panel during transition? Ive mentioned this many times before. IIRC some of them are coloured blue. Perhaps a message?

Edit: it’s not all that long since Arthur was denying any knowledge of Raxxla!

P.S.
Gaia solar system observations article: https://www.aanda.org/articles/aa/full_html/2018/08/aa32900-18/aa32900-18.html

P.P.S.
Hildas Triangle?
Hilda asteroid - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org
Last edited: Feb 24, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian