GURU-951
Mar 26, 2020
#15,816
Panzertard said:
Please excuse my English as it's still not my native language.
PS, please don't take this as personal critique, it's rather a reply with my own experience of the same path.

I've sniffed at the Algol idea like you. Some have claimed that the "The Cetus Bane beacon" is a 'bug', but from what I see it's a feature. FDev left many of these older CG's ingame for others to experience later as they join the game. We can see this from other events still left in game. I won't conclude anything from this information though.

I do find the mythological theme and aspects interesting.
And I do like the idea of playing around with these rare Earth artifacts too. But I ran into a dead end on my side.

I did go through four of the previous treasure hunts just to see how the story and the clues evolved.
Hunting for "Antique Jewelry", "Time Capsule", "Precious Gems" and "Earth Relics". Treasure hunt 4 was particularly hard to find any info on since people had been complaining about "spoilers" in previous hunts, so the info was hard to understand in those threads. Others just loved sharing and and brainstorming with the community was complaining about the conflict everyone was having with the "no sharing policy".
I didn't participate at the time back then, but I do recall some of the fuzz on the forums. Nice to read upon some of these now in hindsight.
External link:




You said
I would say this is quite a normal random NPC behaviour.

I've been tracking NPC's as well since early days. NPC's will always jump to a random nearby system, and they will always fly to something in system it being a planet, station, star or even USS these days. Random is random enough for it to visit a system twice or more as long as it's within it's jumprange.
I think we need to have much more empirical data and consistent result to be able to conclude.
80% of the time to the same system would be for a 'random NPC'. Even 50% consistence would be suspicious.




However, just like all the of similar Greek/Babylonial/Roman myths everything tells us a story which we can fit to almost anything as longs as we dig deep enough.
I'm having a hard time finding this particular mystery any more relevant than the other stories (actually means I've learned lately).


I'm to look from a bit perspective to prevent myself from going head first into the . I fail to do so 99% of the time.
What I'd like is to have it 'snap' without having to dig through 2-3 levels of . You can see the problem (deep nesting) in that page of notes. With a variant there I've almost linked it to Expansion (CG), Almagest and many other things. A bit too much second hand linking for my liking.
This is part of the fun though.

I've fallen for this trap so many times myself. Starting with something simple, and then 4 hours later I'm knee deep into the rabbit hole (head first remember?).
It's still a really to go through it all and learn more ancient history. that part of it though.

Anyway. Keep the good reports coming, we're tinfoiling together. o7

< /braindump >
Click to expand...

Your response is perfect, and summarizes a lot of my frustrations. I'm almost willing to chalk it up to a "bug". Regardless, I enjoyed the feeling it gave me and the work it made me do trying to figure it out.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and John Stoutbeard