CMDR Davanix
Sep 12, 2024
#34,787
Louis Calvert said:
The importance of Tionisla to Raxxla has been primarily pushed by Drew Wagar who is, and has always been, oddly obsessed with that system. I've found nothing at all to suggest any system in the bubble is more important to Raxxla than any other (and neither has anyone else!).

The Raxxla Lore says:
Tionisla only appears in the Dark Wheel novella, it's got nothing really to do with anything Raxxla-related in that novella, it's more a way to give the protagonists a ship at the start of the adventure. Rafe Zetter is located near there, which is really why anyone's been interested since it's one of the only named systems from the novella that also exist in reality.

From the Dark Wheel Novella it seems heavily indicated that Raxxla is "out there" somewhere, and Tionisla is a well-travelled, well-known system.

The description is interesting, but I can't see how there's a connection other than "map of galaxy looks like description of galaxy"


I've tried to find a picture of the overhead shot as you suggested. but couldn't.

There's a few reasons I can think of.
1) Crossroads - The path arrangement is the minimum radial pattern of "not a strict 4-way crossroads" you can make. In that, it's basically 3 crossing paths instead of 2 crossing paths, that's the minimum crossings you can physically represent if you don't want a strict cross.

2) Location Shooting - I've no clue because I can't see any more than your screenshot, but if this was a location shoot (as opposed to a built set) then you should be looking for whoever made wherever it's shot, not why it's like that in the show.

3) Umbrella - It might have been made like that to vaguely resemble umbrella spokes (again with the minimum physical effort, because most umbrellas have more spokes)

4) 6-symmetry - I've no clue about this but is the number 6 important in the show? 6 realms, 6 worlds, 6 main characters, whatever?

This is a good spot, but I really can't see any connection at all to Raxxla - but the exercise of thinking about why that location was made that way is interesting.
Click to expand...

Asking the Fiancé and she states she knew the logo and garden from the Comics then showed me the tv series depiction, the gate on the bottom is missing as this is the door to the televator,doubt the series/comic is Raxxla related but the location/or idea maybe, also the father lead guy or whatever you want to call him is an alien/android that fled to earth apparently and also a very high tech race that is extinct....sounds convincing enough to share inspiration if this does with anything else

"Way has stated that his biggest influence on this piece of work is his favorite writer, Grant Morrison, and their work on Doom Patrol with DC Comics.He has also cited Pat McEown of ZombieWorld: Champion of the Worms and his favorite artist, Edvin Biuković, and his comic Grendel Tales as other major inspirations.[3]"
Last edited: Sep 12, 2024
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, Agmoel-Krvepustil, selbie and 1 other person