selbie
Sep 13, 2024
#34,796
simulacrae said:
Something I ran across in the past but then forgot to mention.... In Earthwind by Holdstock - Aeran is a planet much like Kamelos from his Timewinds novel.
Everyone reverts to primal state so to speak - a major part of the code (paraphrasing) - in order to be respected is to be a warrior and have proof of your kill...

Also the people from outside the world had the iChing as their "oracle" while the people of Aeran had the Earthwind which is associated with the triple spiral symbol

anyway on pp39-43 - The outsiders consult the iChing about continuing their mission.I did a little googling - so im an iChing master now... Here is what i made of what was said...

they flipped coins until they got to the last line and the first hexagram could either be a 45 or a 12 - 45 being the good outcome but it was 12 The proclimation was "Stagnation" followed by a moving line of 6... "He hides in Shame" (so assuming a 6 in third place)

The captain told the iChing "oracle" named Ashka he was done
but Ashka went ahead and looked at the second number - withdrawl... an indication of favorable communication and success in the event of persistance..

"."
Click to expand...

遯 (dùn) - "Retiring" - aka retreat / yielding
I also happened to be looking at hexagrams a few weeks ago I was looking into how you could interpret the yin (⚋) and yang (⚊) symbols into binary.
In this case Dun would be: 111100 = 60 decimal = 3C hexadecimal, which corresponds in the ASCII table to ' < ' (less than).

Playing around with the logo symbols:
iChing No. Name Meaning Binary Decimal Hexadecimal ASCII Computing
1 ䷀ qián Force 111111 63 3F ? = question Boolean True/False evaluation.
3 ䷂ tún Sprouting 010001 17 11 DC1 =
Device Control 1 Power Device On/Off
33 ䷠ dùn Retiring 111100 60 3C < = less than compare / comparison operator.
6 ䷅ sòng Arguing 111010 58 3A : = colon used in assignment statement? ( := ) eg. Machine operations Move & Store

On the topic of 'Just a key'
I've been thinking about different ways the expression "Door is also the key" could be a play on words.
Earlier I mentioned "key" could be a hint towards the similar-sounding Arthurian character Sir Kay.
Then it also struck me that the word "dor" - whilst normally defined as "a flying insect that makes humming noise", it also has an obsolete definition meaning "a trick, joke, or deception".
The source of this archaic use of the word is from a stage play A Wife for a Month. This play was part of a folio collection of John Fletcher and his collaborators.
By some cosmically bizarre coincidence you wouldn't believe the name associate with Fletcher's folios!! - a certain beautiful mountain

Maybe this is too far down the rabbit hole, but there could a more logical aspect to this line of thinking.
ED lore is all about deception and trickery. Think of the Winking Cat narrative for example.
We trick the guardian sites with their own technology to gather materials, we dump foreign objects into the dead thargoid husks to activate spiral holograms.

Perhaps other "tricks" in gameplay and lore could be used to unlock something?
Reactions:
simulacrae