simulacrae
Sep 12, 2024
#34,784
In Holdstocks Mythago series - Lavondyss is essentially his Raxxla. I think in an interview he describes Lavondyss as an amalgamation of Avon, Lyonesse, Avalon, lave, abyss and Dyss. Well its from a book "An Inquiry into the Purposes of Speculative Fiction:Fantasy and Truth, by D Martin - If anyone has access to a college library... Lets just put a pin in "lave" for the moment - but ya thats interesting. I origionally saw a partial quote of this on the web indicating it was from Avon, Avalon, Lyonesse and Dis. I was curious about Avon. I initially though he was talking about the now missing county and wrote it off. Of course he was actually talking about the river. The Warwickshire Avon. The main claim to fame of the town of Naesby is that it was the site of the Battle of Naesby, but also it is the Source of the Avon. The source is marked by a nice omphalos like monument with what almost looks like a lingam on top . It is at the Crossroads of Three roads... And right next to the old Graveyard.... So atleast if we cant find Raxxla in game.... you can visit it in Naseby.

Side note on lave - all speculation of course .... if we take the "river" as our path... Lave could be associated both with the abdolutions associated with the marker as well as the river itself. Both Lave and Ros 154 were of course starter systems and now look tied in to Holdstock ideas. I believe the current Starter Systems in Elite are all named after magical weapons - possibly in relation to Apollo providing arms to his priests when the Persians attacked Delphi? It does make me think about the Eridanus leading from Orion to Achenar - Orion being where the Battle between the Thargoids and Guardians was.

Edit - Naseby could even possibly indicate towards the identity of the "Far God" If during the Guardian Thargoid war, the Thargoid Queen was imprisoned... Think MBs Drabble and the Arthurian tale of "The spoils of Annwyfn"
Last edited: Sep 12, 2024
Reactions:
Rochester