simulacrae
Sep 12, 2024
#34,783
Louis Calvert said:
The importance of Tionisla to Raxxla has been primarily pushed by Drew Wagar who is, and has always been, oddly obsessed with that system. I've found nothing at all to suggest any system in the bubble is more important to Raxxla than any other (and neither has anyone else!).

The Raxxla Lore says:
Tionisla only appears in the Dark Wheel novella, it's got nothing really to do with anything Raxxla-related in that novella, it's more a way to give the protagonists a ship at the start of the adventure. Rafe Zetter is located near there, which is really why anyone's been interested since it's one of the only named systems from the novella that also exist in reality.

From the Dark Wheel Novella it seems heavily indicated that Raxxla is "out there" somewhere, and Tionisla is a well-travelled, well-known system.

The description is interesting, but I can't see how there's a connection other than "map of galaxy looks like description of galaxy"
Click to expand...

I have been going at things a little differently lately. Not from the point of "raxxla" as we seem to think of it - but from how Holdstock in general creates a character arc. Part of that personal journey idea I was playing with earlier. Much like Lovecraft - Holdstock starts his characters off coming from the "real" world to a place where there are people but who are changed and operating on a different set of rules based on the fact that there is some magical/horrible thing that exists in their environment (which even they might not recognize at least fully). It seems to me that his character development often involves a series of traumatic events that cause alot of grief and essentiallly a rebirth. On a basic level - these are Graveyard Events of the old self and cause the character to make drastic changes to their lives. So yes the Tionisla Graveyard has everything to do with Raxxla - it is where Alex Ryder grows up and sets off on his course for Raxxla... which is the ultimate Graveyard Event. Enlightnment and Rebirth... or if Anatl would have his way... Ascension to a Digital Consciousness.

Re the description from the Dark Wheel - I ask you ... How would the Tionisla Graveyard look any different? The thargoid device is literaly showing exactly what was described. And yes - a "map of the graveyard looks like description of galaxy"... The real question is - what does that mean for us?