CMDR Zulu
Oct 21, 2020
#19,415
I’m finding myself to be focusing again on SAP 8 Core Containers as far as in-universe lore is concerned. Mostly due to the fact that they contain crystal shards, sourced from who knows where.

I searched Galnet for mentions of Crystals and didn’t get much but one of my favorite articles the one about Supratech’s Torc wearable computer mentions it being crystalline and uses cutting edge holograms “to surround users in their own personalized world”. (I’m still convinced the whole series of articles concerning these two devices, The Torc and Duradrive are alluding to something more intriguing.)

Then I searched Elite Premonition and found that The Club met at a restaurant called “The Crystal Sky Restaurant”. Coincidentally this restaurant does not accept reservations and only invites people to dine there based on certain criteria. Sounds very similar to The Dark Wheel’s rumored form of recruitment to me. This place “gave occupants the impression they were magically suspended in a dream world, and just a step down from the vastness of space.”

Another mention of Crystals in Premonition was in The Tionisla Orbital Graveyard. Salome’ and Hassan are both awestruck when they saw a tomb described as: “A great crystalline structure, a puff ball of diamond-bright needles. Easily 100 meters across. Within it a body dressed in red military style clothing hovering in stasis within the great construct.” Then, That’s it. It’s not mentioned again. No hint as to why this object was significant enough to be written about or why it was described in such detail. I wonder what drove the author to imagine such an object and describe it for his readers? It could be some other Easter egg I’m not aware of admittedly.

Drew got to see behind the scenes for this last book, I don’t believe he’s telling the full truth about not knowing anything regarding Raxxla or Soontill or whatever we call it, nor could he admit it if he wanted to. NDA...

Even after it was discredited, staunch supporters of the Omphalos Rift theory insist that the author of the children's story had knowledge of Raxxla's exact location and deliberately wove clues into his book.
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, Rochester, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person