Emperor
Jan 28, 2023
#29,069
Emperor said:
"There was some sort of Dev forum for early contributions/discussions but for the life of me I can't remember what they were called to see if I can find them again... As I remember it they had high level plans and promises (like off line mode) and as they worked through them some worked, some didn't and some just got binned... "

Thought I would check the old email newsletters to see if I was imagining the forums... unfortunately no link to the forum to see if it's still around... lol

And a bit about the announcement of permit locked systems in this one too... Sol was one of my first stops and then Shin Dez when they goofed up and gave access to that as well..

31 Oct 2014

"Access to the Beta will be closing on November 22nd.

After November 22nd the opportunity to join the Beta will no longer be available for new players, but the Beta backers can continue to test (and play!) the game until the release of the game and beyond. All Beta backers will continue getting builds to test and play up until the final release.

Being a Beta backer extends far beyond getting early access to the game. All Beta (and Alpha) backers have access to the beta forums and we will continue to support Alpha and Beta backers with additional benefits and special offers in the future as a thank you for the early support you have given us.

Today we want to announce one of those benefits.

In Elite: Dangerous there will be areas of the game that will not be immediately accessible. Players may have to build a reputation with the governing faction in order to be given a permit to visit an area under their jurisdiction.

The Solar system, which is the star system of the birth of humanity, is restricted in this way. In the year 3300 humanity's homeworld has become a rich playground for the successful, the wealthy, and the powerful and famous. And of course, as a Beta backer, you belong in that set. All visiting commanders will need a permit, granted by The Federation in order to visit Sol or anywhere in the Solar system. However, all Alpha and Beta backers will be given an automatic permit, without having to first earn a reputation with The Federation. (For those of you whose allegiances lie elsewhere this could be a very useful benefit indeed!)."
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester