Emperor
Jan 28, 2023
#29,070
flicking through the early news letters also saw this... if the reference to honking and leaving being in Beta 2.1 was true, then that would make it about 500 systems (see last sentence)...

"Beta 3 - 28th October
We have talked in previous newsletters about a couple of the large changes - multiple ship ownership and mining – that Beta 3 will offer, and of course there are many more fantastic new features, both large and small, to experience as well as further fixes, optimization, content and polish.

You’ll be playing Beta 3 in a volume of 868,744 cubic light years, containing 2,406 star systems, including 4,181 stars and 24,918 planets.

As we expand the volume of the Milky Way you are able to explore, you can start to get a sense of the true variety, scale and spectacle of what is out there, just waiting to be discovered and exploited.

In Beta 3 you can find our first B class star, and there are also three class five gas giants – super hot planets with clouds of metallic vapour in their atmospheres. There are also two rare terrestrial planets with a silicate vapour atmosphere – they are incredibly hot!

Beta 3’s 2,406 star systems mean it is huge, about five times bigger than Beta 2. Yet it represents only a little over half a millionth of one per cent of the full game to be launched later this year!"

and you wouldn't have been going to far from a station to refuel until Beta 3....

"Beta 3
The third stage of our Beta test was released this week opening up the playable space to 869,000 cubic light years with over 2,400 star systems to explore.
Many new features were introduced, plus additional missions and controls.

One of the biggest additions is the ability to own multiple ships, which we have discussed in previous newsletters. You can now keep multiple craft docked at different starports, which means instead of owning just one ship you can own multiple ships dedicated to combat, exploration, trading and more.

Two more ships were added to the selection. The powerful Imperial Clipper, with its clean white lines and elegant form built for fast but luxurious travel, is ideal for transporting valuable items and important personnel across the Empire. Plus the Federal Dropship, laden with hardpoints and armoured to the hilt, is perfect for tactical and special forces deployment; a real workhorse of a ship capable of carrying large loads and facing the most hostile situations. While freely available at the moment, their ownership will be restricted in the game, depending on your allegiance to either the Empire or the Federation.


Fuel scooping from stars has been added, making the vast new play area more accessible for explorers who just want to take off into the unknown And for those who prefer to trade, metals can be cut from asteroids using the new mining laser."
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester