Rochester
Jan 28, 2023
#29,068
Aristomenes pirate stash and the shepherds of Arcadia

Warning rambling roll of tin foil generated by a head-cold…

Following on from the hypothesis that the reference within the Raxxla Codex to a ‘pirates stash’ might be literal, I have mapped anarchy systems around Sol, Tau Ceti and Achenar within 100 lyrs.

I’ve then applied a hypothetical sphere of influence set by the date 2296 then deleted all systems which fall outside this sphere of influence, as well as any which fall inside it but are within the ‘upper hemisphere’.

I’m presuming that the direction of alignment of discovered systems, which fall within the lower hemisphere of influence has some relevance, given the alignment of Pandemonium.

It’s a presumption that the author has placed certain systems intentionally to describe a celestial underworld…in relation to the placement around this of Yggdrasil the great Ash / Oak tree…

This presumption has been greater inflated by the tenuous assumption to Philip Sidney’s Arcadia, which describes a pirates stash hidden below a great oak tree by Aristomenes.

The Night-Nurse is kicking in…

The omission of an upper hemisphere systems may be incorrect, however no alignment could be viewed in my opinion.

My conclusion is that if this theory were true it’s more likely to be an arbitrary placement.

Additional…

Two of the areas of anarchy systems seem to be in close proximity to certain Yggdrasil systems, which represent the three Norns or Fates in Norse mythology.

However, only 2 of these Norns are actually in close correlation, the 3rd Norn is actually placed at some distance away, as is their well Urðarbrunnr. This can only identify that there is no correlation or that the Yggdrasil systems are just placed arbitrarily or in error.

Note this is a work in progress and I may add additional systems as time goes on and as I better retain my faculties.



Red - Pandemonium (John Milton).

Purple: Anarchy systems (government) within 100lyr) *not definitive - more to be added.

White - all stars discovered up to the date 2296: Sol (centre); Tau Ceti (2151); Delta Pavonis (2190-2230); Altair (2190-2230); Beta Hydri (2190-2230); Eotienses (2288) and Achenar (2292).

Yellow: Two of the three Yggdrasil Norns, Veroandi and Skuld.
Last edited: Jan 28, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Macros Black