Noobilite
Aug 6, 2018
#3,163
Jaiotu said:
It really wasn't a 'renaming' of the constellations. It was a matter of choosing which constellations to use for astronomical purposes. Almost every culture and civilization looked into the night sky and matched the patterns in the sky with things from their own culture, mythology and folklore. Thousands of competing constellation names where the constellations overlap each other can be very messy. Reducing the number of constellations to just 88 distinct constellations that don't overlap each other was a necessity to standardizing astronomical observation for scientists.

Rest assured that all the stars are still where they were and you can still point your finger toward the Big Dipper even if those nasty astronomers insist that it is actually Ursa Major

I was referring more to the point of removing active ones unnecessarily. Scientist also aren't important enough for that(Although they have certainly put themselves in that position.). They don't need to actively use it as much as others they should not be making the decisions. Maybe get poeple from all areas like ship captains and other things that use stuff more intensely. You can easily loose something someone might not realize the importance of. And standardization is not as good as it is cracked up to be. It can actually cause alot of problems. Especially for long term issues and things related to maintaining knowledge over the long run. One reason a , "scientist," should not be editing list of things used in practical fields.

Han_Zen said:
It was the fashion in the swinging 20s. Short hair, short dresses and short constellation lists. Becase of the great depression in 29, they could not afford to bring the long list back.


They were probably broke from spending too much money on those short hair styles and short dresses.. If you put a million shiny beads on the dress no amount of short can make it cheaper. Those 20's dresses do not look cheap. At least not from a modern standpoint. Maybe those things were less expensive then.
Last edited: Aug 6, 2018