Jorki Rasalas
Apr 9, 2021
#22,818
Vetinari said:
Well theres all the INRA ones and the Adamastor was certainly in the right ballpark for those but waiting for @Jorki Rasalas to source the reference to another one the Adamastor was heading to from the Nebula before I go looking along their route...again. I spent 3 days looking the first time just in case but didn't realise we had any info from Frontier saying there was one or Id have kept looking. And when Arthur said we had found everything I gave up and went back to LPs in the region and followed them around the bubble outskirts all the way round towards WHN.
Mmm, I seem to have been confused...it’s my age!

SECRETS OF THE ADAMASTOR 29 OCT 3306
......“Eventually I unearthed a flight plan, logged in October 3111. It plotted a course toward Barnard’s Loop with fuel for approximately 370 light years, and was scheduled to pass by the HIP 39748 and HIP 33386 systems.”

This was from Canonn website, but I think it’s a copy of the Galnet post. OK, so Adamastor was heading to a destination in BLoop which may after all not have been a base. BUT doesn’t make sense for that destination to have been the LP in XE-Y c17-7, she could have stayed in Chukchan and got the news, so what/where was she heading towards?

Now it seems HIP 69200 is 178 ly from Chukchan so that could have been the intended destination on the return journey after all, but it looks to me to be a departure from the straight line route from Coalsack to Chukchan so I’m still puzzled.

Yes, I think the puzzles were more coherent when MB was involved, but he’s an author with logical consistency and lore compliance as a major part of his craft.

Yes, we’ve always operated on the principle that what happens in Alpha stays in Alpha and isn’t discussed here. The reason is that Alpha is all about bug testing, and the context is intentionally divorced from the main game, so anything found in Alpha is likely to be misleading if not outright false. FD are usually careful to avoid leaking hints in Alpha to in-game mysteries, but conceivably they might slip up on that. But it would be a bit harsh if anything found in Alpha is relevant to Raxxla or TDW since it is an optional extra while Raxxla has supposedly been in-game (and therefore should have been discoverable) by anyone without Horizons or Odyssey.
Last edited: Apr 9, 2021
Reactions:
Exekrator, ArchEmperor and Vetinari