Vektorboson
V
Jan 22, 2021
#20,495
yelboc said:
Are they arranged as co-ordinated sets - i.e. at 120 degree intervals? If so then that's a possible stable arrangement. Still spooky though

I have to take a look at the numbers, I also didn't take a look at the Orrery of the Isis-system; after I discovered the identical masses and radii, I called it quit for the day. I''m also going to take a look at the Osiris-system, considering Osiris is the husband of Isis. I also will take a closer look at Ra since there is something profoundly weird about it. There's a planetary base, Bohr-survey AFAIR, which is on a cliff to a crater, while there's a pyramid-like shape in the center of the crater. Though apparently those "pyramids" in the crater centers are common, so it doesn't mean anything. Also they only exist since Horizons and Raxxla existed presumably when ED was launched.

Now, taking a look at the lyrics of "Two Ladies": "Twosies are better than onesies." and "Threes are better than twos", this totally fits the 5 weird Isis-planets. We have a pair of "identical planets" and we have a triplett of "identical planets".
Then we have in the lyrics "we change partners every day" which would be a hint that Raxxla (or whatever is behind the "Two Ladies"-mystery) might change its location daily. Also Wadjet and Nekhbet are symbolized by a Cobra and by a Vulture. Both ship types exist in the game, so do we need to enter one of the systems with a Vulture and the other one with a Cobra? The Cobra being a key was already mentioned somewhere else in this thread.
Another coincidence: Wadjet had an Oracle which predated the one in Greece/Delphi. As we all know, Omphalos was the stone in the Oracle, so perhaps Delphi was been the wrong trail?

Another interesting thing about Wadjet and Nekhbet: They are associated with "Sekhmet", but there's no system called "Sekhmet". It's called "Sekhmetures". But there is an asteroid called "5381 Sekhmet" in our real solar system. Is it possible there is an invisible asteroid in the Sol system?
Is it what the others are actually hunting for?

And last: I'll look for "Amun". "Amun" means "the hidden one".
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and yelboc