PeteACarter
P
Aug 7, 2019
#10,320
Vasquess said:
How would you host the real galaxy - not the model???
Well, whilst I AM a developer, I am NOT a games developer, so this is guesswork and supposition, (so if there are any actual games developers on here, please keep me honest!) but I suspect that there is a model, generated by Stella Forge, which consists of a large amount of semi-structured data, maybe stored as JSON or similar. I would expect this to reside on a big data cluster, maybe Hadoop or similar. This is the data-tier. This would need to be stored on 2..n EC2 instances. You would then have the "application-tier". This would consist of 1..n application servers, running the server-side portion of the application. This is what I was referring to as "the galaxy" with the data-tier being "the model". Obviously, the galaxy is actually rendered on the client-side, as mentioned above.

It would be possible, with cloud technology, to use auto-scaling groups, so that there are 0 servers in the data-tier and 0 servers in the application-tier of the "second (Raxxla) galaxy" until such point as a user finds Raxxla and enters the portal (in-game). This could trigger the auto-scaling groups to scale to 1..n servers, in-line with demand, but this approach may cause an almighty lag, when you first enter the portal, as it would require a minimum of 2/3 servers to spin up (min 1 in application-tier and min 2 in data-tier) and populate themselves from something like data stored in S3 storage buckets, or EC2 snapshots would need to be restored?

Basically, once again, my only point (outside of my own personal curiosity and as far as this thread's topic is concerned), is as follows:

For a while, in my mind, I went down the route of "Raxxla can't be a portal to another galaxy and that the end-game is probably TDW" because it would not be financially feasible to host a whole galaxy, never used, just sat there ready for us to find, years and years later. I also thought it would probably be unfeasible to "design/build" a whole new galaxy that is never used and just sits there waiting for us to find, years and years later.

However, I realsied that the cost factor was mitigated by cloud technology and the fact that you could have 0 infrastructure (servers, etc) until a player finds it, because with AWS, you can use a "on-demand" model, where you only pay for a server whilst it is turned on, and you can auto scale, or trigger a scale up.

I also realised that the work to create another galaxy would be negligible. Not only because of procedural generation, but because during development and testing of Stella Forge, there must have been "failed models" created. i.e. galaxies that didn't really look like the Milky Way, or have the correct star density, etc. Using one of these failed models, as, lets say, the Andromeda galaxy (just for example) would mitigate the effort issue.

In short, whilst I still think its plausible that TDW are the end game, and we need to find an "uninteresting" Raxxla, in order to get an invite, I once again believe its perfectly plausible that Raxxla itself is the end game and could be something really cool, such as a second galaxy.

Hope this makes sense @Vasquess
Reactions:
simulacrae, Tigorath and darkflemish