Darth Ender
D
Dec 15, 2020
#20,045
Jorki Rasalas said:
Permits are enforced by code within our fsd drives (made by Sirius Corp). They are set by the Pilots’ Federation, who clearly don’t want us to go into certain areas of the galaxy (yet). They also control Universal Cartographic so have oversight of anything we find and wherever we explore. Clearly this is an exceedingly powerful organisation. I think it is telling that they make use of a triangular motif which is very similar to that seen at Guardian sites & on Guardian technology...

Ignoring handwavium, that still begs to question what kind of leverage does an organization who's only apparent power is to rank pilots have over all governments and organizations to enforce Sirius Corp's implementation of their permit lists ... effectively making them less sovereign than both the Pilots Fed and Sirius Corp.

And why would sirius corp let themselves be dependent on a union? They could do everything the pilots fed does themselves in regards to stellar cartography and control where people can go.

That just doesn't make any sense.

And considering that the Alliance is who reverse engineered thargoid tech to create the technology that became the jump drives Sirius produces, why has there not been any alternative solution from the Alliance? All the Club did was shuffle that info to Sirius, but that doesn't necessarily eliminate the Alliance program that the info was stolen from. What convinced the alliance to not continue on their own research and develop their own in-house jump drive completely independent from Sirius? Nor would it eliminate companies and governments from continuing to maintain type 2B hyperspace drives that came before the jump drive which weren't controlled by Sirius and presumably would not be hampered by a permit system. Making them a great military strategic advantage despite their handicaps. Trusting Sirius to not fall under the control of an opposing power seems extremely stupid.

just seems pretty suspicious if there's an actual lore reason at all (which there very well may not be) for why this organization wields such power when they should be nothing more than an independent pilots union. Instead they exist similar to the navigator guild in Dune ...which doesn't make sense in the elite universe. Unless the pilots fed has something everyone wants under threat of destroying it. The only thing i can think that could be is if the pilots fed has Raxxla - with a gun to it's head - and all the really important people know it.
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus