Jorki Rasalas
Dec 16, 2020
#20,051
Han_Zen said:
The PF aren't that powerfull. They do own the rights to the FTL communication tech on our ships and for Galnet. This is licensed to Sirius, in some way. The nav. systems in all PF member ships (players) are under UC jurisdiction.
NPCs aren't members of PF and are not always limited by UC rules. You can see them jumping in and out of systems, with unobtainable permits.

Corporate factions can seemingly also opperate in locked sectors.

PF, EFP and the Founders are powerfull and have a bunch of cash, but being a member also comes with limitations. Finding and getting on the good side of the Dark Wheel, may help us overcome them.
In Imprint there is a mention that Elite pilots can get a commission with 'full jump navigation'. That is of course a Galcop commission, that allows you to go beyond the 8 galaxies. TDW may be able to give us something similar.

It wouldn't be surprising if FD have put in a few gates, on the journey to Raxxla. I doubt FD have put in any hidden mechanics for this. They would most likely rely on existing mechanics.

Being Elite is of course the first key that comes to mind. That key opens as far as I know, only Shinrarta Dezhra. Possibly the first gate?
The second gate may be the DW station. They key may be allied status with TDW in Shin Dez?
Third gate could be a permit locked sector or system and the key a permit from the real DW?

This is just an example but it shows how a journey could be constructed, with the mechanics that were in the game at release.
Click to expand...

Not convinced by your second gate. I’ve been allied with TDW in ShinDez for around 2 years, and with the PF (whichever spelling/subfaction it is) since killing goids out in the Pleiades during first lockdown (my hands are slowly beginning to get a bit better!), and now I’ve sold them MCr100+ worth of exploration data which included Goliath’s Rest (burning jewel on brow of Milky Way) and Sag A* and not seen any hint of a TDW recruitment test.

But I too suspect that TDW will provide another storyline and will provide access to permits for at least the half dozen locked systems in the bubble.
Reactions:
Fiera