Han_Zen
Dec 16, 2020
#20,048
Jorki Rasalas said:
Jasmina Halsey’s assassination, by some high Fed officials, followed her surreptitious meeting with Mahon. Perhaps she was being kept out of the loop on Raxxla etc and Mahon provided some Alliance insight on Guardians/Thargoids which caused her unscheduled secret diversion (still not convinced the diversion was to Azaleach)? We have no way of knowing, but I find it telling that the galnet post about that meeting was redacted.

And the answer to your lore question may well be that the Pilots’ Federation is much more than a trade union. I think that’s what the indications are saying. I think they’re saying that PF originated from the Guardians (or their descendants) who have been manipulating humanity from the outset. They certainly control the permit locks, and UC, hence also Sirius (else otherwise an enterprising fsd engineer would develop a drive that didnt implement permits).

However, is it still canon that the Alliance reverse engineered Thargoid tech?
Click to expand...
The PF aren't that powerfull. They do own the rights to the FTL communication tech on our ships and for Galnet. This is licensed to Sirius, in some way. The nav. systems in all PF member ships (players) are under UC jurisdiction.
NPCs aren't members of PF and are not always limited by UC rules. You can see them jumping in and out of systems, with unobtainable permits.

Corporate factions can seemingly also opperate in locked sectors.

PF, EFP and the Founders are powerfull and have a bunch of cash, but being a member also comes with limitations. Finding and getting on the good side of the Dark Wheel, may help us overcome them.
In Imprint there is a mention that Elite pilots can get a commission with 'full jump navigation'. That is of course a Galcop commission, that allows you to go beyond the 8 galaxies. TDW may be able to give us something similar.

It wouldn't be surprising if FD have put in a few gates, on the journey to Raxxla. I doubt FD have put in any hidden mechanics for this. They would most likely rely on existing mechanics.

Being Elite is of course the first key that comes to mind. That key opens as far as I know, only Shinrarta Dezhra. Possibly the first gate?
The second gate may be the DW station. They key may be allied status with TDW in Shin Dez?
Third gate could be a permit locked sector or system and the key a permit from the real DW?

This is just an example but it shows how a journey could be constructed, with the mechanics that were in the game at release.
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, Fiera, simulacrae and 2 others