Aurora Velius
May 29, 2021
#23,508
Jorki Rasalas said:
I had a reason to fly!
Same for me. Since I want to go out and explore new systems anyway, might as well add a bit of mystery and treasure hunting to it, just to give some direction. I just made Elite in Exploration checking a few theories I had about systems that might have some significance. For me working on this Raxxla puzzle (if it is indeed something that is similar to the discoveries and clues in past events) is one of the most fun aspects of the game.

Since I haven't done a proper thesis on this topic yet, here is my take on it. Things have probably been mentioned and thought of before, but I still wanted to share my musings on it. So what are we really looking for? We are still at the very groundwork level of research into this, because there is no consensus about what Raxxla actually looks like, or is. We don't have much to go on, except for maybe that symbol used in the Codex. So I based my theorizing on that. Looking at it I pondered what it could represent.

I then had the idea that maybe we are looking at a simplified depiction of a star system, with each element in the symbol representing a type of celestial body within that particular system. One possible interpretation is this:

Using the Raxxla symbol and counting parts, from outer to inner there are

6 big elements , 33 small elements , 3 bent shapes, 1 big circle in the center and 1 dot in its center.

It could mean 6 Gas Giants/Stars with 33 planets/moons in total split among them, 3 asteroid clusters around the main star, and some object in front of it. Each of the Gas Giant could have evenly assigned either 5 or 6 moons/planets. 3x5 and 3x6 so it totals 33. Now the question is of course how likely it is to find a system with the exact number of celestial bodies, but here is a quick example of one that happens to have 6 gas giants in it that have 3x5 and 3x6 celestial bodies around them.



Now this is just one possible interpretation of what the elements in the Raxxla logo could represent. But the point is, I think we might be looking for a star system, and the way it is maybe represented on the logo is similar to a system when looking at it through the Orrery view. And imagining all of them circling around whatever is in its center seems reasonable when looking at this barely known system as an example:



So what we are looking for, is maybe a star system. Now how to find it? Well... that is where the part with the fancy toast of the Dark Wheel comes in, and probably also the various references found in the Codex entry. I thought it is probably a guide to make a journey to a few distinctive star systems, which I think also relates to what a dev once said? Something about they cant tell but everyone has to make that journey for themselves. Anyways, I thought about the point of origin of where to start from. And I figured it is probably the same point you might end with too, before you go to Raxxla. So I came up with this... matching the toast to the Raxxla logo:



We have no certainty so far what could be assigned to the various parts of that toast, so this is more a general idea of what this could look like; what we might have to do in order to pinpoint or at least have a vague idea in what region or area that system could be in. Of course, maybe it is just a story and there is nothing to it, or it might be introduced later as a major narrative arc pushed by the devs. Although, didn't one of them say something about the payout being huge if we were to find Raxxla? Anyways... this is my take on it, maybe it sparks some new ideas. I just know that I definitely had fun coming up with this

Safe journey, Commanders! o7
Reactions:
clavain, Exekrator, simulacrae and 5 others