CMDR Davanix
May 29, 2021
#23,519
killbot_2000 said:
there was some posts about what it was a while ago after going through raxxla stuff for a few days. i dont have the exact link for it now but ill see if i can scrounge it up. i think it was from an old elite novela or one of the old games.

anyway it says raxxla is a planet with 6 alien artifacts each on the north and south poles of the planet that act as "frame shift drives" obviously they arent frame shift drives but i cant think of a better word. basicaly the whole planet can enter witch space and transport itself around the galaxy. so raxxla IS a planet/moon but its a planet/moon capable of jumping much like a fleet carrier/megaship. possible theories could include raxxla exists IN witchspace and can exit freely just as the thargoids do. which would play to any theory about a gateway/parallel dimension. i mean the thargoids are from witchspace right? they freely exist/live in it and can exit to our dimension freely also. (or am i misremembering that?)

this would indicate that things like


and






which relates to the other raxxla thing about "first it wipes your memory, then it kills you"

and then this crashed anaconda.

gravitational anomaly. loss of memory....
you can see from the canonn website the crashsite. from 2017. has those yellow containers found in odyssey. and mentions containers that are scannable but do nothing else. i think its worth a visit in odyssey.

i think "finding it" is going to be considerably more difficult than people are expecting. for example the canonn research group had to use SEVERAL cyphers, code breaking tools, python programs and audio decryption software just to find out stuff about HESPERUS

i mean, raxxla is suppose to be the most secret thing. there is no way it can be easier than that. and that whole process was extremely complicated.
i think we need to be thinking more along the lines of. audio decryption. lining up constellations at certain locations. code breaking? all of these things have already been used in the game and i think it should be pretty obvious they would be required to find raxxla also.

in drew wagers youtube series of elite lore you can learn that some earlier jump systems were possibly reverse engineered from thargoid vessels using
what was quirium fuel? what happened to the galactic coop? can it be found again? do we need quirium fuel to access witch space? oh well here is a wiki i think is for the older elite games? . unsure because quirium isnt used anymore according to the YT video.
Click to expand...
Quirium - Elite Wiki
wiki.alioth.net

Lave's Moon - Elite Wiki
wiki.alioth.net

Although may be retconned but worth reading
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420