Yuki Estelle
Feb 24, 2020
#15,383
Ren Solsen said:
If (big if) Raxxla is an end game mechanic and not an easter egg, it should require or allow that you "complete" the game. That would be becoming 3xElite, so you most likely have experienced most what there is to experience. Now, an end game is often a wide conflict, a make it or break it with real weight. In what we have in the game, I think that would require to be openly hostile with all powers at the same time. That would be extremely difficult and painful. We "know" that most powerplay characters are in the club. Salome suggests all game mechanics are taken over by the club. So for the dark wheel to invite we would need to leave the game behind and start fighting it. Destroy pp ships, support independent factions, undermine pp controlled systems. A total war against the established ED order. That would be dangerous. I think that is how we would get the invite. We also happen to have an independent base fully stocked that doesn't make any sense to exist other than to support that kind of end game.

I support this theory, it's been on my mind since Salome's story came to an end and her final speech was revealed. Salome claimed that everything is under the control of this supposed mega power and in order to fight it we must "force them into the open". She gives rather specific instructions:

"Challenge the authorities. Force their hand. Refuse to be manipulated. Do not rise to their provocations. Make your own powerplays, organise embargoes and blockade the ports. Break their hold and force them out into the open. Blaze a trail. Visibility is the one thing they cannot abide."

"And they are manipulating you. Those of you who trade, who fight in their proxy wars, who sell them exploration data from the depths of the void. They are using you to further their agenda. You, me - all of us have been their tools. They believe themselves the ultimate arbiters of humanity's destiny, above reproach and accountability. They consider themselves the true elites. "

If we're to believe that the authorities control everything, including Universal Cartographics and Galnet, we may be required to alienate ourselves. Completely disconnect from the system... no more trading data, helping powers or influencing the state of the game on behalf someone else. Salome's call to arms makes me wonder if we're supposed to rally under a common cause as players, separate from the mechanics and influences of Elite's NPCs and organizations. That appears to be what Salome did.

Salome also encouraged the galaxy to join the Children of Raxxla. We could interpret this as means to fight back by allying ourselves with them as Salome did..

If we're going to test this theory it would require a great deal of patience. Ideally we'd need to satisfy the following:
Triple Elite status.
Ignore trading, selling exploration data, helping powers and completing missions.
Actively oppose powers in an attempt to "force their hand", maybe prevent them from ever docking. This may require significant player participation.
(Potentially) Ally ourselves with Children of Raxxla and fight for their cause.

You would have to be at the end-game to meet these standards, but it would certainly add merit to the good old "It's a journey we must all make" statement. Perhaps it isn't unrealistic to imagine that the Dark Wheel test is simply finding commanders who actively disconnect from the grid to become vigilantes.
Last edited: Feb 24, 2020
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, [PS4] Filthymick420, Machina Ergo Sum and 1 other person