Jorki Rasalas
Feb 24, 2020
#15,385
Vetinari said:
This week I have been mostly defecting to LYR, getting revenge on the blue haired troll Aisling Duval before moving onto Hudson space to upset their smooth running. Ranked up with both Feds & Empire, Cumulative achievements on XB this week Sold at 500 Markets, Bought 50,000 Tons of Commodities, Won 25 Deathmatches, Won 25 CQC Matches. (if they are the achievements set by fdev for an XB Trophy then I imagine the DW are at least as demanding) Then followed up on some unlocked permits before bumping into 2 more locked and getting one of them, still one to go. Started yet another Excel page.

Found more than one intriguing system description including one 'Something terrible happened here but the locals refuse to talk about it'. I mean! What!? No beacon or anything, where do I start? Found another system with PF Local Faction, after a lot of investigation it may have been an early starter system so probably just a hangover from that. Was ideal place for DW as well, perfect to keep an eye on SD & Sol and have distance, but alas seemingly not to be.

Does anybody know the starter systems from Day 1? I cant even remember where I started but don't think that was the original one anyway? Before the new zone was made last year. How many were there before the zone or was it one permanent one?

Thinking of then heading over to Soontil way to have another go at that 'secret base' description that's over that way iirc then back to Fed space ready for Thursday PP.

I have decided that Raxxla is like love, you only find it when youre not looking for it so Im not looking for it, you hear that fdev Im not looking for it so now is the perfect time for you to let me to find it (see if that works, we've tried almost everything else)
Click to expand...

I think there were historically 3 starter systems. I know I started at LHS 347 (something like thta, may be an extra 4 in there), & if I sideycide I am still recloned there.

Some of the system descriptions are tantalising. There’s one near Sol that talks about a secret organisation but seems to be nothing to unlock.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Machina Ergo Sum, John Stoutbeard and 1 other person