RaNaketh
Feb 25, 2020
#15,396
Vetinari said:
Seems a bit contradictory, get triple Elite but don't do any Trade, Combat or Explo? Or do lots of trade, explo and combat until you get 3E then stop completely? Where do you get credits if ignoring missions as well?

Only possible way is to pirate from start to finish without blowing anything up? Sell on BM to avoid trade (I think, not even sure about that).

Im beginning to think that Drew Wagar has or had far too much freedom with the DW storyline, not in a bad or accusative way just to be clear. As much as anything, why was Raxxla 'off-limits' but not the DW. If he did/ does know more its great as its part of the mystery but possibly.

1. Drew Wagar knows something about the DW he cannot say due to NDA. He cant say he cant say it either so no point harassing.
2. Drew maybe even 'helped' with the DW story in some way in game.

or

3. Fdev allowed DW more freedom with DW because its not in game.
4. Drew is unaware of a certain plotline but his stories may feed into them so they have been 'guided' or 'steered' at times

or

5. None of this is true and fdev just wanted to keep Raxxla to themselves like the Thargs and the Guardians so not unique, the authors knew some things, were allowed some freedom but knew nothing about others. I think its Drew who has mentioned an entire book of 'Aliens' or similar that they found out about but were never allowed to read

And that vid where Drew leads someone down a DW initiation path through the inbox clues? He hardly talks about it to my knowledge, a massive new development like that and he doesn't really talk about it?

More questions than answers, I know Drew is writing his own series now away from Elite universe and expect most if not all if any answers are covered by NDA so expect no real answer but it drives me mad. What is fdev playing at with the Dark Wheel storyline? Dipping in an out and maybe testing the initiation - if it is inbox then everyone maybe gets a separate set if instructions (own personal journey as well)

P.S Thanks Jorki, I was going to say it was LHS 3447 from memory so almost certainly that one yes.
Click to expand...
Hey Vetinari,

Actually I can clarify your point 1!

Since I've been cataloging all known old videos and snooping for content I've come across lots of little comments like this.
Twitch
Twitch is the world's leading video platform and community for gamers.
www.twitch.tv

Fly Dangerously,
/ Ra.
Reactions:
Rochester, Vetinari, Machina Ergo Sum and 1 other person