djadjok
Mar 6, 2020
#15,596
Xaintly said:
Hello all, I've updated the summary document: The Quest for Raxxla.
The summary is intended to let new raxxla hunters catch up on what has already been theorized and tested.

I read all the posts in this thread between May 2019 and now, plus reddit, the IRH discord and some other threads.
If people had new ideas of things to try or places to search, I added it to the doc.
If I didn't add your favorite new theory, I probably just missed it; message me and let me know.

If the post just has "lore" or speculation that doesn't narrow the search area or give any concrete hints, I didn't add it to the document (eg. The Dark Wheel is the enemy of The Club).

Here was the stuff I took note of over the past year of posts;

FSS May not reveal all bodies? Fly to outer stars and look -

Spiral of Notable Stellar Phenomenon -
- "Notable Stellar Phenomenon" seem to be arranged in a curving line.

Tip-Off Missions: Procedurally Generated, not Raxxla Related -
CMDR Teryd did an excellent writeup of how the procedural generation works.

Tip-offs vs Inbox missions: Both procedurally generated -

Thargoid device activation shows a 2-armed spiral galaxy (Andromeda?) with some highlighted areas -

Overlaying the Raxxla logo on the Galactic Map, the voids overlay "unknown permit" Restricted Areas -

Investigate Alnasl, source of the 'Wow!' signal -

Phaa Chrie sector (in The Void) -

Investigate Taurus, Crab Nebula -

Raxxla logo is a surface scanner -
- Look for a system with 6 stars & 33 orbiting bodies

Tried: Supercruise Vega > Tau Ceti 0.6ly and reverse -

The statistics of commanders searching for Raxxla could be compared to see if there is something missing -

David Braben says "we know why people haven't been able to find [Raxxla]" in 2014 - from an in-person talk

Try taking Sap8 Containers to the space Jellyfish / Algol -

The Dark Wheel station is in a L brown dwarf system -

CLAIM: Raxxla is 'north east from Sag A* about 41[k] lys from the bubble, on the border between 2 regions in a cluster of brown dwarfs.' -

Lore: The Club and The Dark Wheel are opposing forces -

Lore: The hidden greek mythology storyline -

Lore: Raxxla and the Monomyth / Hero's Journey -
Click to expand...
Great work!
However I must precise that since the exceptionally detailed investigations done by commanders Panzertard, Teryd, Keybuk and many others back in 2016-2017 - TAC thread
- I have tried to inherit/accumulate all the data collected earlier and started another (and hopefully last) Tip Off related investigation a year ago (still running) as Tip Off themselves have evaluated ~ three times since then. That doesn't invalidates overall conclusion that there are no (and never been) any relation between Raxxla and Tip Off mechanics.
Last edited: Mar 6, 2020
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, John Stoutbeard and [PS4] Filthymick420