Vetinari
V
Mar 6, 2020
#15,594
Back to the search for Raxxla, nothing to report as in no results so can skip but will record here for future reference just in case.

This week I have been partially upsetting the social order and the fabric of civilisation in my own small way.

It started when I saw a yellow rare in a market, bought 3 without looking, couple jumps later had to sell one for cargo space and then looked at what they were. They were 'Live Sea Worms; which are apparently consumed and 'best eaten alive'. I know DB has talked about going big-game hunting or missions around this type of activity in the future possibly so fits into the established order mentality. Well I was shocked! So for 3 days I carried these hapless creatures around systems near Sol until finally finding a pair of WW. I freed the worms, one into each WW and hope they go on to populate those worlds in safety away from humans. Result - Rare not sold but freed, some diners will have had to choose another Starter, minor annoyance to the established order. Complete dis-obedience of what I am expected to do and a personal revolt against the inhumanity. Take that!

Next I was on the way to Canonn space to find the legendary Institute. While deploying weapons at a Nav Beacon I accidentally shot a Cruise Ship, they had 2 escorts, I flew away, they followed. Dilemma - Do I relog to get rid of them (technically combat logging), do I go into SC and come back to get rid of them (meh, Ive only just got here), what if I can damage them and they jump out, Ill try that. They didn't jump out and then I couldn't leave any witnesses alive so the Cruise Ship had to die as well. Turned out all were Canonn faction. Which all led to a Notoriety of 3 and a bounty of 200K (XB Achievement get a bounty of 100K). Now Im stuck in the middle of Canonn space which seems to go for LY and cant restock or repair anywhere Luckily I could refuel as no fuel scoop so well into the next day I just synthesised weapons. Most annoying thing was having to avoid the interdictions from clean NPC bounty hunters who were twice as active as the police, couldn't kill them or notoriety would keep going up not down. Result - Notoriety achieved in Canonn space, nobody really noticed as they let me ally up in the background as soon as Notoriety disappeared.

1st Mapped a GG & 6 Moons 40 LY from Canon HQ just outside bubble on a route from Sol. I thought if one area would be scoured it would be in range of Canonn but just goes to show, eyes open all the time.

PP this week has been done in Sol almost exclusively and will continue for next week. Result - The birth of humanity and the seat of the old established order is under a tiny threat but easily being countered by the supporters of the status quo. Besides Hudson is quite aggro and usually has a good interdiction ratio is my perception.

Aisling Must Die! - DB has said 'this is not a save the princess type game' and we have been told or inferred to 'read between the lines' therefore we must kill the princess not save her. War on Aisling is ongoing even if no PP credit in it just for the grief she gave me supporting her in PP when all I wanted was some shields. Result - Im wasting ammo and time for no bounty purely for a bit of RP revenge, loving it.

Also finally made Dangerous and got a message from someone potentially very interesting. No doubt she will want me to go on some wild and dangerous combat mission as belies the rank she demands so I shall go and see what she wants.

No message from the DW, no lead to Raxxla, no sign anybody is paying attention but I think releasing a Rare into the wild is possibly the first time its happened in game so I might just have done something nobody has done before....at least intentionally.
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Machina Ergo Sum, John Stoutbeard and 2 others