Rochester
Nov 26, 2022
#28,044
Sound questioning but I wouldn’t be looking towards visiting anything, at least not yet, the aim is to first understand the question.

The end result can’t be understood until one identifies what the puzzle identifies; unless it identifies nothing.

If we can identify one element, then logically it’s source material is a seed to understanding a context which might be utilised to identify the other elements - if it’s an element at all.

That’s my primary concern with that particular puzzle, not flying somewhere., at least not right now.

We are after all taking it for granted it’s ‘still in game’; on faith. There exists a percentage of doubt (at least in my mind) that it’s potentially narratively locked, at least behind a permit or a time lock.

On the basis alone one could go there now and find it, is to accept that a noob could also fall over it tomorrow. Unless it’s linked to rank, unless it’s linked to alliance…

FD stated via Arthur that “It’s there. Clearly it’s there. I’ve said this in another stream, I’ll say it today, it’s been going a longtime. The payoff would have to be great, and that’s all I will say on it”.

So we have a payoff and it’s big.

You couldn’t expect it be a singular payoff, unless it uncovers something or unlocks something. My bet is either and both would benefit all; as to if that’s something that can be unlocked by one person, the community as a whole via a CG, or it’s a narrative gate has yet to be discovered.

But first we must understand the puzzle, if it is a puzzle, if we can attest it does identify a location or locations then you have half of it solved, because one can say it’s here; or here and here and here with a certain high level of certainty… then you approach that location/s with logic and… just try everything. That bit is the easy part.

Right now everyone is just trying everything. But we don’t know where to look, so there are too many variables, and too many bugs, and too many dead ends.

Or you sit back and wait for FD to unlock it. It being 9 years, it being now a ‘big payoff’ my bet is it’s now narratively locked. I believe FD changed the path and it’s now something different to the old lore.

So understanding the Codex is key. Unless it’s foreshadowing. Unless it’s meaningless and it’s ‘just out there’, waiting to be fallen over.

But we quest none the less, because it’s a fun puzzle, potentially some would say more fun than shooting goids and grinding mats.
Last edited: Nov 26, 2022
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and SongOfTheVoid