SongOfTheVoid
Nov 26, 2022
#28,045
Rochester said:
Sound questioning but I wouldn’t be looking towards visiting anything, the aim is to understand the question.

The end result can’t be understood until one identifies what the puzzle identifies; unless it identifies nothing.

If we can identify one element, then logically it’s source material is a seed to understanding a context which might be utilised to identify the other elements - if it’s an element at all.

That’s my primary concern with that particular puzzle, not flying somewhere., at least not right now.

We are after all taking it for granted it’s ‘still in game’; on faith. There exists a percentage of doubt (at least in my mind) that it’s potentially narratively locked, at least behind a permit or a time lock.

On the basis alone one could go there now and find it, is to accept that a noob could fall over it tomorrow. Unless it’s linked to rank, unless it’s linked to alliance…

FD stated via Arthur that “It’s there. Clearly it’s there. I’ve said this in another stream, I’ll say it today, it’s been going a longtime. The payoff would have to be great, and that’s all I will say on it”.

So we have a payoff and it’s big.

You could expect it it be a singular payoff, unless it uncovers something or unlocks something. My bet is either and both would benefit all; as to if that’s something that can be unlocked by one person, the community as a whole via a CG, or it’s a narrative gate has yet to be discovered.

But first we must understand the puzzle, if we can attest it identifies a location then you approach that location/s with logic and try everything.

Or you sit back and wait for FD to unlock it. It being 9 years, it being now a ‘big payoff’ my bet is it’s narratively locked.

But we quest no the less, because it’s a fun puzzle, potentially.
Click to expand...
It redefines everything we think we know about the galaxy as its implications lead to a far larger plot at foot than the playerbase grasps...
Time lock... appropriate usage of wording...
Fdev wont unlock it, though I expect the team of people who were working on it have died from exhaustion waiting...
But yes the correct first step is to understand the puzzle as a whole.
People are always free to ask for secrets and insights but apparently a deal cannot be struck to satisfy everyones desires... after all, the Alliance and Federation filth must be purged from the bubble, perhaps then people will come seeking the secrets of the Guardians and perhaps I shall provide
Again: The answers you seek are in science not mythology, Even there your experts have failed you so much as a Siren is also a Greek gravegood given to Pilgrims, Hermits and Sailors to help them navigate in the afterlife, the term has many many meanings and is to vague, with science you can at least build one step up upon the other.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester