Louis Calvert
Nov 26, 2022
#28,055
@Rochester sorry it took me a while to get to this, but I went to Delphi as you suggested and mapped the tunnels. I didn't translate this into a nice pretty graphic since tbh I think it's apparent it's not hexagonal and doesn't seem to visually relate to the Raxxla logo - but worth a try.
SPOILER: CRAPPY MAP OF DELPHI THARGOID SITE.

While there I also recorded all the sounds I came across and ran them through a spectrograph, nothing seemed different between that site and any of the dozens of others I've been to. I didn't activate the spiral map, that may well be worth doing, but I wanted to get back to see what happened with the Kingfisher.

I also took a lot of photos of the Delphi site just in case - including in night vision, from orbit and hovering directly above, etc. I compared them to archive images from Canonn and others of other sites but nothing there seemed different. If something changes there in future at least I'll have a record of that specific site to compare.

While taking photos of the central chamber - as we discussed it has the trinary arrangement that could relate to those three brackets of the Raxxla logo around the circle-dot, I accidentally glitched the camera into the base of the central spike that sits down between the three... uh... alien thingys... or rather, there's no collision on it for the camera so you can pass the camera into it with no resistance.

You can see from this image that it does actually have six "lobes" and could be made to seem similar to the Raxxla logo when overlaid:

Central pillar from ceiling height looking down - sadly I didn't actually notice the resemblance until I was looking over the photos later, and this is the straightest shot I took:
SPOILER: SIX-LOBES SHAPE IN THE CENTRAL CHAMBER
That image overlaid on the Raxxla logo:
SPOILER: RAXXLA LOGO OVERLAID WITH THE ABOVE IMAGE
Below is a pic from someone else of the activated machine from a similar angle, but better than I did and lower down so you don't see the six 'lobes' made by the holes in the ceiling - essentially if you raise the camera back/up from the below shot, you see the view I took from higher up:

There is a central circle in this
There is a trinary structure that may relate to the three brackets of the Raxxla logo
If you go "up/back" from this view you can see a view that has six gaps where the hexagons of the Raxxla logo are
This does have "Spiralling Stars"...
Having said that, I don't really know if this is more than a coincidental resemblance brought about by the Thargoids use of 3's. 3 objects activate the machine. The Links are in birthing pods of 3 in the lower chambers:

They seem to like 3s and 8s - so... I don't know if this is 'significant' in terms of matches with the Raxxla logo. I tend to think not since there's... 200+ Thargoid sites in a sphere around Merope.

Worth checking out definitely. Any thoughts on this anyone?
Reactions:
Rochester