Jorki Rasalas
Nov 26, 2022
#28,051
As a corollary to my gravitational wave/“DB is Astrophel post” above:

I cant help but feel the references to Augustus Branquith are meaningful, but there’s insufficient detail in the tourist beacons (TB216 & 228) to draw conclusions. Perhaps there’s some storyline TB yet to be discovered....

I suspect, but have no evidence for, undisclosed in-game lore says Augustus found Raxxla, and sent his voyage logs back to Sol via the message capsule mentioned in TB216.

Edit
If this supposition is true, then it makes Raxxla candidate solutions nearer Sol more likely than more distant ones ( which is what I’m pursuing presently-astronomical anomaly detection by the Gaia space observatory leading to the Raxxla myth implies detection could be at a range up to many thousands of LY from Sol!). For nearer solutions see my signature re GW candidates with 700ly of Sol. I posted last week in my gravitational wave hypothesis that my highest candidate for that is the Josie Rosa installation in HIP 68385. That is a very strange looking installation, and why would a comms installation be needed in an unpopulated system? Seems extremely fishy and IMHO is the best candidate for the Omphalos Rift near to Sol.

Now, if only someone young with hands that aren’t plagued by arthritic thumbs & tendonitis would attempt some combat for/against that strange “comms” installation ...or investigate a tourist mission to HIP 63835 to visit the “triple black hole” tourist beacon there...we have recently heard that a tourist mission might have a passenger with a hint to finding Raxxla.

Though I have asked before and nobody seems to have seen any “Astrogator Extreme holidays carry the image of the legendary explorer ”...but that does sound like another hint.

Edit2
And I suspect Raxxla will be a celebration of/have some astronomical significance rather than being a tribute to Holdstock. We heard from Allen Stroud recently that in meetings with FD David Braben never referred to anything related to Robert Holdstock's DW story.
Last edited: Nov 26, 2022
Reactions:
Macros Black and Rochester