SongOfTheVoid
Nov 26, 2022
#28,043
Rochester said:
Been thinking on the codex, what if the reference to Astrophel and Spiralling Stars was a reference to M. Brookes unpublished book. The reference to P Sidney being unintentional?

Over thinking it of course, but they state ‘he’ but don’t give a male name to the author - except the male prefix, which is a little sexist, but likely just irrelevant. The point is maybe it’s not a clue, simply a reference to our shenanigans or it’s retconning, stating all his references are mute?

Other ramblings…

Without divergence into other mythology history we are likely only having to look at one in this instance, that being Greek mythology, in particular that seems to be the precedent.

The mother of galaxies?

Within Greek mythology there is no true mother figure that literally gives birth to any galaxy or galaxies, the Greeks only knowing of one - ours, but they called it something else.

The elephant in the room is of course Cassiopea who is the mother of Andromeda. Andromeda being the name later given to one galaxy. Semantics.

Then we have…

- The Greek name for the Milky way is derived from the word for milk (Gala); the myth linked to this refers to when Heracles was breastfed by Hera, who pushed the child away, the spilt / spurted milk creating the Milky Way.

Hera in game = yes
Gala in game = not in game
No attributed constellations (although she did make a few).

Coordinates: -36.8125 / 55.59375 / -17.96875

Brow Hera? Burning? Jewels?

(Ops or Opis) - is another iteration of this same myth, when Cronus asked Rhea to feed their son Jupiter before he was to eat him. Rhea swaddled the stone and pretended to feed it, the milk that spurted forth became the Milky Way. A potential candidate given the ref to the Omphalos in the codex.

Rhea is also known as "cow-eyed" she could be loosely attributed to the Egyptian deity Hathor with her sun-disk head dress. A little far fetched for my liking and it’s crossing mythology.

Rhea in game = yes
Ops in game = not in game
Opis in game = not in game
Hathor in game = yes
No attributed constellations (except a South American one named after a native bird).

Rhea = Coordinates: 58.125 / 22.59375 / -28.59375.

Hathor = Coordinates: -50.0625 / -32.28125 / -30.9375

Brow of Rhea? Burning? Jewels?
Brow of Hathor? Burning? Jewels?

Been here before haven’t we…omphaloskepsis.

Click to expand...
Let me pose you a question, do you think that it is some special system that you are looking for? If so how would you even know you are in the right system, and by that im asking your thought process to:
You Fly to X system, arrive at the target star, scan everything in system... What would you do and why and on what basis?
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian