CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Mar 21, 2023
#29,465
Louis Calvert said:
Consider:
The events of Elite (1) must have taken place prior to 3151 and likely after 3123 because there are Thargoids attacking ships in that game. However, The Dark Wheel Novella also mentions Thargoids and even features Thargoids 'in person' and also Thargoid egglings, there are even laws about shipping them around... so technically TDW novella must have been set post 3123, but before 3151 because everyone knows about Thargoids, and there are Thargoids.

That doesn't really match up with the Faraway system and many other things that mismatch between the novella and the Game, and later game(s) lore, which suggest the Dark Wheel Novella must be set quite a time before the original Elite game...

But wait: The Elite (1) manual specifically states that the game take place later than 3205... Which means...uhhh



Argh... it's almost like... almost like it doesn't make any sort of sense ...


There's a super-easy solution to all this though, as we've been told so, so, so many times: Other Games Don't Count. Other Material Doesn't Count. There is Elite Dangerous.

They used the older stuff as inspiration, yes. They lifted a TON of stuff that was great, yes definitely. Reading the old stuff is fun and interesting to consider "hey do you think this thing from the old lore is going to be used?" Yes . A lot of it has been, and likely will bee used as inspiration for a lot of stuff we'll see in the future too.

FWIW the on the Wiki is a collection of all known dates (when people add them) and has citations for most of them, taken directly from the game, Galnet, the official novels, or Elite Encounters RPG.

The First Thargoid War ran from 3125 (First reported encounters with aggressive Thargoids) to 3151 (Mycoid attack on the Thargoids by John Jameson). We know from the lore that there were encounters with Thargoids for a long time before that. No sightings at all of Thargoids after 3151 until a bunch of suspicious maybe-stuff starting in the 3250's and leading up to the official "return" in our present time.
Click to expand...
For now let's practice an agree to disagree strategy. I have thought about your post and I have concerns about what you proposing especially this bit:

BUT WAIT!!
There's a super-easy solution to all this though, as we've been told so, so, so many times by the people that literally wrote the lore for Elite Dangerous: Other Games Don't Count. Other Material Doesn't Count. There is only Elite Dangerous.

This throws the baby out with the bathwater. Jason Ryder's ship Avalonia is an Ophidian-class vessel. This is not in Elite Dangerous. You also loose the Ryder clan and with it the first hints of Raxxla. You loose a vital connection to Earth. Earth is fundamentally part of the Raxxla mythos and one cannot exist without the other. This is why the in-game description of Lavian Brandy mentions oak barrels from Earth. You further toss out The Dark Wheel because its' first mentioned in Steven Eisler's (really Robert Holdstock) "Alien World: A Complete Illustrated Guide". This is just the tip of a very deep set of content you would loose. Besides, Elite Dangerous includes Jjagged Bbanner (and thus Dream-Ware and Insight sims), Jaques, and CIEP (by way of Soontill), amongst others. For it to work, you have to have the whole damn thing. Wisdom like stars comes from the deepest darkest realms. You cannot have light without a dark nebula collapsing first. In the beginning, there was only the black void of Hydrogen (oversimplified but you get the point).
Last edited: Mar 21, 2023
Reactions:
SergMx