Han_Zen
Mar 21, 2023
#29,468
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
For now let's practice an agree to disagree strategy. I have thought about your post and I have concerns about what you proposing especially this bit:



This throws the baby out with the bathwater. Jason Ryder's ship Avalonia is an Ophidian-class vessel. This is not in Elite Dangerous. You also loose the Ryder clan and with it the first hints of Raxxla. You loose a vital connection to Earth. Earth is fundamentally part of the Raxxla mythos and one cannot exist without the other. This is why the in-game description of Lavian Brandy mentions oak barrels from Earth. You further toss out The Dark Wheel because its' first mentioned in Steven Eisler's (really Robert Holdstock) "Alien World: A Complete Illustrated Guide". This is just the tip of a very deep set of content you would loose. Besides, Elite Dangerous includes Jjagged Bbanner (and thus Dream-Ware and Insight sims), Jaques, and CIEP (by way of Soontill), amongst others. For it to work, you have to have the whole damn thing. Wisdom like stars comes from the deepest darkest realms. You cannot have light without a dark nebula collapsing first. In the beginning, there was only the black void of Hydrogen (oversimplified but you get the point).
Click to expand...
The whole dam thing will never work, I'm afraid. TDW novella was included with the Elite game, as a piece of marketing. Holdstock put it in an approximately similar universe to the game (that he probably never played) and reused some names from his previous work (reverse marketing probably). He also put things in the novella, that aren't in the game at all. This includes Raxxla, Ophidian-class vessels, Faraway and Oresrians.

The next two games ignores TDW completely. No mention of the organisation, Raxxla or the Ryders. By the time of FFE it seems Braben has a pretty good idea of where he wants to go with the Thargoids. There may even be hints in the news about a third race of sentient space travellers.

When FD starts to float the idea of Elite 4, they begin with a kick starter. This invites pledgers to come with ideas for the new game. Lots of them want Dark Wheel and Raxxla. At this point Braben and Brookes have to come up with a back story for these. It's quite likely that Braben didn't even know what Holdstock had originally intended Raxxla to be. He never seemed to interested in that aspect of the old lore.
It's at this point, that the past is created. They probably did their best to make it fit the old and discontinued lore, but Raxxla / TDW was probably not at the top of the priority list. It was not to be presented to the licensed authors, so details weren't needed. As long as FD keeps this part of history as vague as they have, they are free to write new history as they see fit. We can only guess. There are no answers until someone finds something.
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and Rochester