CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Mar 21, 2023
#29,469
Han_Zen said:
The whole dam thing will never work, I'm afraid. TDW novella was included with the Elite game, as a piece of marketing. Holdstock put it in an approximately similar universe to the game (that he probably never played) and reused some names from his previous work (reverse marketing probably). He also put things in the novella, that aren't in the game at all. This includes Raxxla, Ophidian-class vessels, Faraway and Oresrians.

The next two games ignores TDW completely. No mention of the organisation, Raxxla or the Ryders. By the time of FFE it seems Braben has a pretty good idea of where he wants to go with the Thargoids. There may even be hints in the news about a third race of sentient space travellers.

When FD starts to float the idea of Elite 4, they begin with a kick starter. This invites pledgers to come with ideas for the new game. Lots of them want Dark Wheel and Raxxla. At this point Braben and Brookes have to come up with a back story for these. It's quite likely that Braben didn't even know what Holdstock had originally intended Raxxla to be. He never seemed to interested in that aspect of the old lore.
It's at this point, that the past is created. They probably did their best to make it fit the old and discontinued lore, but Raxxla / TDW was probably not at the top of the priority list. It was not to be presented to the licensed authors, so details weren't needed. As long as FD keeps this part of history as vague as they have, they are free to write new history as they see fit. We can only guess. There are no answers until someone finds something.
Click to expand...
Beg to differ on that. He was a HUGE fan. Just not the best at flying but did achieve Elite (with some help):

The Games We Play
This was written in April 2008 in response to an article in the Guardian by Charlie Brooker, in which he mocked the ‘dorkishness’ of early computer games. The Guardian declined to publi…
robertholdstock.com

Also, posting this because it is important to understand that our CMDRs are very much supposed be like Merlin:

The Merlin in my cycle of stories, the Codex, is a configuration of ideas; the endlessly travelling traveller; the man outside of Time; the wise man and the Fool, embodied in the flesh; the shape-changer who challenges nature. Merlin is the consummate dream of Power over Nature and Weakness over Man.

His name is a nickname. It means ‘cannot tie his laces’. This relates to me. I’m hopeless with laces and knots.
Source: https://robertholdstock.com/articles/about-the-broken-kings/
Reactions:
SergMx