Emperor
Mar 21, 2023
#29,479
Thatchinho said:
A quick history for you:

When discovered in 2.2, Guardian obelisks show a grid with a changing pattern of triangles glowing on and off. It’s overall in a 3 x 2 grid*. See: https://ixalon.github.io/elitedangerous/
Ram Tah mission is released and involves working out which combo of Guardian Artefacts to use when scanning an obelisk to get a successful scan for the mission.
3.0 is released, which introduces news sites and a new Ram Tah mission. The display on the obelisks are changed to show the objects required for the Ram Tah missions.** The grid is overall now 2 x 2.
An Odyssey update then reverted the Obelisk displays back to their original behaviour but with the 2 x 2 grid instead of the original 3 x 2.

*This is the most complex layout for the Guardian writing. The simplest form can be seen on the bases of the Relic Towers.

**The displays only show objects that were in the game at that release. The Ancient Key and Hydra Tissue samples are the two things that fit the type of objects that are shown on the displays but aren’t there. The simplest answer to why is just that they weren’t in the game at that point, and were only added in later updates.
Click to expand...
"An Odyssey update then reverted the Obelisk displays back to their original behaviour but with the 2 x 2 grid instead of the original 3 x 2."

i was reading this on the Guardian chat forum the other day having watched D2EA's video investigating the change.... how I haven't come across that forum before I don't know.... probably too focussed on this one! (and so many familiar faces on there too... lol)

I was interested in it being refered to as original behaviour whilst having a different grid pattern and audio.... however it's quite a long thread now so I didn't see a full explanation...

Did someone check the audio and alter the pitch to confirm it was exactly the same and did they check for the same patterns in a spectrogram analysis?

and why is a different grid pattern not a remarkable change? and are the grids performing the exact same pattern as previously?

Now that the console players have been jettisonned and the Odyssey release saga is over I am more attentive to change/hidden messages/clues/etc now we are not in a multi-year holding pattern.... "Nemesis" on Salvations video showing the "wrong" Megaship during the Proteus wave video and susequent Nemsis protocol suddenly appearing in game means stories are moving again and I can't put things in the "FD have screwed up again"/"FD are using any old asset for the videos"/"FD wouldn't bother"/"FD rolled back a change" bucket anymore... and I'm more back in the mode of hidden messages in audios, new mysteries (what's in those maelstroms/Vortexes?), What is the Orthorus up to?, What is a Grelic for?, Where is the lady who can hear Thargoids? (is it Thargoids she can hear?), Why won't TDW pick me?, Where is Raxxla....

Just some thoughts!