Rochester
Jun 1, 2021
#23,575
Regards any potential pay-off regards Raxxla I seriously doubt it would be anything game mechanism related, but rather it alludes to some ‘shocking’ turn of events or ‘startling’ awakening of knowledge.

I cannot believe it’s something we can obtain / use as if it’s true it’s been available since day 1; and if it were so special, why not apply it throughout the game, and make the game better - so that simple logic game rules that out in my opinion.

Any new locations would get mapped pretty quickly, so not much pay off there, but again FD might think that’s fantastic, look at Odyssey, we can’t really base our own levels of taste against FD, we’ll just end up disappointed, and of course any new location / toy, would be accessible to everyone.

I alway imagined it would be the Magellanic Clouds, which would be fun to explore, so I do like the idea of having accessibility to the locked bubbles. But again it would need to have import to all players, not just explorers.

But overall, given the fact that Raxxla has been in game since launch, apparently is out there, but we don’t know if it’s accessible, my money is it’s some big narrative reveal.

I think it ties in with the Mars relic and the Guardians, and M Brookes back tattoo / unpublished book; who knows but my suspicions are growing it’s not going to be as explosive, and any more imaginative than what we here have come up with.

It will be a narrative reveal, that I am certain, as it’s a payoff, things lead up to it, from there FD need to continue the game, so it either will be some awakening of humanity, or they are going to set the bubble on fire, strip everything back, lore wise, kill everyone off (another simple narrative ploy) and let us all either fight over the scraps or rebuild.

Or maybe the current CM simply doesn’t know, and their comments are just arbitrary. Like DB “don’t be silly” statement, potentially all very ‘defensive’.

There will be a discovery; a reckoning; a battle; and then some type of awakening, I don’t really know, don’t ask me for I was not here.

Source: https://youtu.be/eYnF17oKutQ
Last edited: Jun 2, 2021
Reactions:
simulacrae, clavain, Vetinari and 1 other person