Edelgard von Rhein
E
Mar 11, 2019
#6,500
Experiment time! Based upon the Eleusinian Mysteries, I'm guessing that becoming part of The Dark Wheel involves similar trials. In-game this might amount to:
dromena (things done). Combat accomplishments. Attempt to gather 2 MCr + in either combat bonds or bounties (I say 2 MCr so that a Thargoid Cyclops kill is sufficient).
deiknumena (things shown). Trading accomplishments. Gather a certain selection of rare goods. My first guess is Aganippe Rush, HR 7221 Wheat, Terra Mater Blood Bores and The Waters of Shintara.
legomena (things said). Exploration accomplishments. Gather 2 MCr+ in exploration data, including at least one Earth-like World.
The start and end point will be, I'm guessing, Bohmshohm. Or perhaps it doesn't matter. I think the time limit could be more important - the Eleusinian Mysteries were 9 days, so that it how long will be needed, I'm guessing. All the above accomplishments generate vouchers or something that can be sold, so they should all be turned in together at the destination station. I am triple Elite, which also seems likely to be a requirement (I am Admiral and Duke, though I doubt it is necessary to have superpower rank).
.
There is a big catch, potentially. The Eleusinian Mysteries were secret, upon pain of death - which is why we don't know exactly what they are. I worry that there might actually be a real-world NDA involved before we are allowed access, in order to prevent us revealing how to do it and many pilots following the path and optimising the process. That sounds weird but unless there is otherwise something unique about each attempt that means you cannot simply reproduce the same steps until successful to gain membership and must try a new approach each time, there will be a mass influx of members. So I plan to complete all these steps this week but I might ask one or two people to multicrew with me to act as witnesses if something does result (I can take screenshots but I've never captured video and doubt my laptop can handle it as it's borderline on memory as it is).
.
BTW there is a video about tracking down the systems from the original Elite by Down to Earth Astronomy; it seems he was inspired to check by Drew's recent video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqwswKOeQ2s
It's about 15 min from the end that he finally gets the list and starts checking systems in the Galaxy Map.
Last edited: Mar 11, 2019