CMDR Zulu
Oct 13, 2020
#19,310
Jorki Rasalas said:
OF COURSE you’re completely insane!
Everybody participating in this Quest is, by definition!

Doctor Doctor, I’m obsessed with looking for something in 4 billion locations, but I don’t know what it is, where to look, how to find it, or recognise it if I do.....Nurse, we have another of them here, I’m sending him off to the same facility as we sent that last one, who thought he was a penguin, but order another batch of patient-restraint overcoats cos we’re running low on stock.
You’re right haha. My craziness was as follows:

Rebecca was involved in all manner of things before she wiped her memory and died, including potentially having stood on a planet sterilized by the Thargoids and erased from humanity’s maps. Her last message to us lead to The Zurara but there was one puzzle piece that seemed out of place and remained somewhat unsolved. “The Vain Queen rides on the back of a giraffe that remembers her daughter’s hero”.

Most assumed it was about Cassieopeia, Camelopardalis, Andromeda and Perseus and then left the clue behind...some even said “it’s not much of a clue”. I don’t think it was meant to be so vague. I believe It’s telling us a Thargoid hive is located in Camelopardalis. Now, Rebecca was a former member of the Club, we don’t know what her area of expertise was but she was called a “perfectionist”.
There is one Camelopardalis system that has a typo in the name. BK Camemopardalis. Rebecca would probably notice this typo. This system’s main star is white, all of the other stars in this system are red. White and Red remember this for the next section.

An article released on Christmas Day back when the game was released seems to allude to this same system. This article was referencing the aftermath of the Onionhead head bombing campaign. I’ve already explained previously that I believe Onionhead was used as a metaphor for Thargoids.
Here’s the article:
SPOILER: ARTICLE





Okay so...let’s start from the top.

-Christmas Eve supposedly is the best time to view Camelopardalis.
-The red and white Santa outfits? Remember I said this system only has white and red stars within it.
-The Giant repeating holo, probably references Soontill being burned and disguised but “warg” (the last article that mentioned warg said it was a deer like creature with green eyes) also hints at the disused constellation of Rangifer (The Reindeer) which was made up of stars between Casseiopia and Camelopardalis.
-Babykiller chant...BK as is in BK Camemopardalis.
-in between various renditions of various carols with amended words. I think this is also hinting at the fact that BK Camemopardalis is a “typo” of Camelopardalis.

I have no clue if this analysis seems convincing or not. I failed to locate anything last night but I also did not have a thargoid probe or link and destroyed my sensor on accident while in system.
I intend to continue investigating but now you all know what I was on about.

Edit: I believe the “steps” of congress might hint its within the rings of one of the many rings in the system. Didn’t get to check those.
Last edited: Oct 13, 2020
Reactions:
MrSuction, Fiera, Tibercov83 and 6 others