Rochester
Dec 19, 2020
#20,127
Jorki Rasalas said:
DB’s statement on number stations was during PS4 launch stream, see https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/interesting-comment-by-db-about-stations.352548/#post5519743.
I thought he said “numbered” but it’s a little difficult to hear. He does occasionally make mistakes when talking but it is usually quickly corrected/clarifed, witness MB’s post that it was “number stations”

Secret society: m.youtube.com/watch?v=gDh9G1gDgMU
he talks about getting an invitation to join a secret organisation as being an event that happens at a certain point in a player’s progression/journey through the game. He also says pilot criminality is relevant & says something like if you dont get the invitation it might be because you recently killed that policeman. This is clearly not about permits aquisition! We have assumed it meant TDW, but there might be another secret society in-game that we don’t know about (it’s a secret! ), or maybe there are several factions of Pilots’ Federation - there appear to be several different spellings with different faction descriptions so this may be the case.
Click to expand...
Yes this 'could' all exist and I for one whole heartedly would love this to be in game.

My point is its all inconsistent.

DB talked a lot about various things and development ideas which sounded amazing but they never made it into the game (yet) or they were altered to fit.

I still feel he is 'alluding' to permits. I'm equally likely to be wrong. It would be great if he wasn't but, this is all ancient history, and I think what Im failing to communicate is that we cant rely upon it. Its inconsistent.

I do love this approach to the game, the game inevitably places Cmdrs in harms way, dangles possibilities etc that all require some dubious, nefarious or lethal solutions.

Its actually very difficult to play this game and be law abiding. I tried, early on I roll played as an ex smuggler gone legit, there are ways to obtain the things you need in game 'legally' but its long-winded, eventually something goes wrong.

If DB statements could be accepted as cannon then this could be a great and simple enough mechanism. Agreed.

But this game is infuriatingly inconsistent, why are permit locked systems so special! Some small reason or other, nothing ground breaking and often disappointing.

I feel our perspective of the game is different to what it was intended since launch. Its as likely FD had very simple intentions for the game and a limited number of mechanisms which I feel have been obfuscated over time.

FD themselves stated they got things wrong, that they wanted to take Cmdrs on a journey, but human repetitive behaviour got in the way....is the path still there, was it broken, whats been changed?

All we have now is the Codex. I just feel we should try not to take everything FD has said in past as literal or reliable.

Information is only as insightful as it is reliable, and information goes out of date.

These statements by FD were likely very insightful at the time but now their level of reliability is significantly lower. Only really useful to make assumptions with and maybe develop a hypothesis, on either where things used to be or what modus operandi FD employed.

I don't wish to push one opinion over another, but discussion is necessary to highlight bias, and open our minds to alternative possibilities. Every possibility is justified as long as we hold it up to the light. I never want to imply anyones point of view is not justifiable.

This is why we tin-foil.
Last edited: Dec 19, 2020
Reactions:
Exekrator, Fiera, Vasquess and 1 other person