Jorki Rasalas
Dec 19, 2020
#20,121
Thatchinho said:
Hmm, my understanding of it is that DB actually said ‘number stations’ and that it was simply transcribed incorrectly.

It’d be easily done - if you didn’t know what number stations are, then the phrase itself wouldn’t make sense, whereas ‘numbered stations’ would. So transcribing the interview it’d be pretty natural to take what DB said as ‘numbered stations’.

I’m not saying DB is infallible here btw, just that the transcription part is highly likely to have been the cause of that particular error for very natural reasons, whereas from the context of the interview, DB certainly meant number stations, and there’s a high chance it’s what he actually said. Balance of probabilities basically. (I could of sworn the audio’s available somewhere, but I might just be imagining that! )

Anyway, not taking away from your general point with any of that.

The secret society thing might be something we can take as a general clue, it might not. Much like many many other things in that regard!

There’s other things like the Elite Federation of Pilots, which exists within the Pilot’s Federation, so it could be a hint at something like that. Tbh, the general setting for ED is kind of rife with secretive stuff, so secret societies of various kinds are likely to abound in the galaxy. TDW, EFP, CIEP, Black Flight, The Club, INRA remnants, plus the ECOPTMWCTPaB (or whatever the acronym was that some of us came up with a while back for the hypothesised folks who are already on Raxxla! ).
Click to expand...

DB’s statement on number stations was during PS4 launch stream, see https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/interesting-comment-by-db-about-stations.352548/#post5519743.
I thought he said “numbered” but it’s a little difficult to hear. He does occasionally make mistakes when talking but it is usually quickly corrected/clarifed, witness MB’s post that it was “number stations”

Secret society: m.youtube.com/watch?v=gDh9G1gDgMU
he talks about getting an invitation to join a secret organisation as being an event that happens at a certain point in a player’s progression/journey through the game. He also says pilot criminality is relevant & says something like if you dont get the invitation it might be because you recently killed that policeman. This is clearly not about permits aquisition! We have assumed it meant TDW, but there might be another secret society in-game that we don’t know about (it’s a secret! ), or maybe there are several factions of Pilots’ Federation - there appear to be several different spellings with different faction descriptions so this may be the case.
Last edited: Dec 19, 2020
Reactions:
Exekrator, Fiera, Macros Black and 1 other person