Jorki Rasalas
Mar 22, 2023
#29,486
Emperor said:
Ah multiverse theory then.... all lore is valid just depends which universe you are in.... ;-)

On a slightly more serious note... the only menton of using previous games to enrich Elite Dangerous I have seen/heard/read from FD was from FFE (pretty sure it was that one rather than Elite II) in one fo the Dev Diaries by MB when he was talking about how they created the Galaxy. They imported some of the more "important" parts of the Galaxy (i.e. the old worlds, key systems of importance) from the old game and they hand crafted a few systems too (Sol being one).

However even with importing in that data they had to change things about... pretty sure the old worlds (Lave included) are actually in a different part of the Milkyway as it didn't fit with the new galaxy in Elite Dangerous.















I would however say that in my humble opinion there is a bit of lore that has been added in over the years that has come from the previous games and pretty sure some of Galnet stories early on were lifted from previous games and slightly modified, but even that is quite a while ago now so examples elude me...

Whilst I don't disagree with your views (as I always say anyone's idea is just as valid as someone else's until someone finds Raxxla!).... There is a part of me that is split on whether to find Raxxla it would be cool to have to know the lore of all current and previous sources, be able to decypher which bits are still valid which have been retconned whilst at the same time being able to make sense of all the discrepancies and re-writes/reboots over the years within the game and all the ancilliary products (books, RPG, etc) or whether that would give me a massive sense of humour failure.... LOL

The way I personally approach it is that Elite Dangerous and anything mentioned in it is gospel (whether it's subterfuge or not).... Anything else is a guide and most likely not valid lore unless it comes from someone involved in the current game in someway but I don't rule it out completely...

e.g. Thargoids were not in the game... they were conspicuously not mentioned by FD early on with the usual "we have nothing to announce at this time" type answers and then they appeared in the game and parts of the old law came in to force with the 1st Thargoid war.... but some details have changed/retconned/rebooted....

but always remember "in the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king" so you may well be right ;-)
Click to expand...
I like the "There's legends, ....erm that need to be tracked down" bit.
The only legends I can think of are Thargoids and Raxxla. Thargoids appeared without much/any tracking needed. But Raxxla still hasnt been found, but the “needs to be tracked down” phrase seems to me to be a hint that there are/were storyline clues to support that tracking...otherwise he would have said “that needs to be blindly stumbled upon”
Reactions:
Rochester