Jorki Rasalas
Mar 22, 2023
#29,487
Emperor said:
"An Odyssey update then reverted the Obelisk displays back to their original behaviour but with the 2 x 2 grid instead of the original 3 x 2."

i was reading this on the Guardian chat forum the other day having watched D2EA's video investigating the change.... how I haven't come across that forum before I don't know.... probably too focussed on this one! (and so many familiar faces on there too... lol)

I was interested in it being refered to as original behaviour whilst having a different grid pattern and audio.... however it's quite a long thread now so I didn't see a full explanation...

Did someone check the audio and alter the pitch to confirm it was exactly the same and did they check for the same patterns in a spectrogram analysis?

and why is a different grid pattern not a remarkable change? and are the grids performing the exact same pattern as previously?

Now that the console players have been jettisonned and the Odyssey release saga is over I am more attentive to change/hidden messages/clues/etc now we are not in a multi-year holding pattern.... "Nemesis" on Salvations video showing the "wrong" Megaship during the Proteus wave video and susequent Nemsis protocol suddenly appearing in game means stories are moving again and I can't put things in the "FD have screwed up again"/"FD are using any old asset for the videos"/"FD wouldn't bother"/"FD rolled back a change" bucket anymore... and I'm more back in the mode of hidden messages in audios, new mysteries (what's in those maelstroms/Vortexes?), What is the Orthorus up to?, What is a Grelic for?, Where is the lady who can hear Thargoids? (is it Thargoids she can hear?), Why won't TDW pick me?, Where is Raxxla....

Just some thoughts!
Click to expand...
I think Monday’s galnet post is a strong hint to go look for the Thargoid Listener Lady, Seo Jin-ae, in Ngaruayanka! A clear hint that there’s something relating to the current storyline there.
Reactions:
simulacrae and Han_Zen