Thatchinho
May 30, 2019
#8,371
CMDR Maylor Rom said:
Ok, if Planet X (Nibiru) exists, and all indications from Caltech and NASA believes it does exist, and Sellar Forge (Elite's Galaxy Map) is so accurate, it has predicted the location of life like planets around stars later confirmed by NASA and astronomers, Stellar Forge has to account for it's existence and probable location.

I think Plane X has to be (currently) in the neighboring systems just outside and around Sol.

As Yelboc points out, these systems have been searched, but Planet X may not show up on FSS depending on the time you arrive. It may be a "timing" event.

As for current theories to the location of Raxxla, none presented to date have any thread of evidence. I have given you a mystery planet reported to exist, yet unproven, with an X in the name along with a probable location, with some evidence of it's existence, reported by credible sources. The fact that the areas have been searched with nothing found, may just be a timing issue, or just hidden from view (by the game dynamics) until you get close enough. Since Planet X is only "rumored" to exist, so Raxxla is just "rumored" to exist. David Braben states "it's in the game and FDev knows where it is". This statement has to confirm Raxxla's existence and to date, no one has located either Planet X to disprove it's existence, or Raxxla to verify its existence.

Planet X and/or Nibiru have been with us for centuries. Technology and mathematical calculations say it must be there and NASA/Astronomers would not waste resources if they felt it was just a rumor with no math to back it up.

o7....
Click to expand...
Ok, this is stepping over into spreading false RL info. (Unintentionally I'm sure.) As I said in the previous post, what those articles you posted about are not the 'Nibiru' Planet X.

Let me try to clear up what's going on.

There are two things:

Planet 9
Nibiru
Both of which also sometimes get called Planet X.

The NASA and Caltech articles are about Planet 9. NASA, Caltech etc. absolutely do not in any way say that Nibiru exists - Nibiru is just a complete load of tosh.

How about we don't maintain the confusion, and we just call the body in the NASA / Caltech articles Planet 9.

Planet 9 isn't a Rogue Planet. It's not mysterious or anything like that. It's not in another system. It's something that's predicted as possible explanation for the behaviour of various other smaller and very distant objects (which are still part of this solar system).

And FD have already included it!

It's Persephone. https://www.edsm.net/en_GB/system/bodies/id/27/name/Sol/details/idB/8136018/nameB/Persephone


Just for avoidance of doubt:

"Planet X and/or Nibiru have been with us for centuries." No, it really hasn't. Planet 9 has been around since time immemorial. Nibiru isn't real.

"Technology and mathematical calculations say it must be there" Yes, for Planet 9, no for Nibiru.

"NASA/Astronomers would not waste resources if they felt it was just a rumor with no math to back it up." They haven't. They've looked for evidence of Planet 9, not for Nibiru.


Anyway, just for reference (though I'm sure this is just telling many what they already know), there's plenty of precedence for predicting a body's existence from the behaviour of other bodies, and then discovering it subsequently.

That's how Neptune was found.


Anyway, I hope that clears that all up, and just to summarise, the body from those NASA and Caltech articles is in game, and is detectable when in Sol - it's Persephone.
Reactions:
Exocortex, xzanfr, yelboc and 5 others