Tacticus2711
May 30, 2019
#8,370
Noobilite said:
That raxxla symbol still looks like a cube within a cube. And the third of a circle is also seen somewhere else. It's symbol in the map related to the location the maps are leading to from delphi and the thargoid sensor stuff. One of the maps has a partial circle that looks exactly like that. What if you translate the raxla symbol from 2d to 3d treating it as a cube and see what you get. I'm not sure how to do that accurately.

A cube within a cube is also 4d I think. A tesseract.

Tesseract - Wikipedia

You'll notice a tesseract at this angle has 6 sides if you remove the middle.

You'll notice it's also at this point six equalateral triangles abutted with smaller ones in the middle. Or whatever other interpretation you can make at that point. I think triangles like this are also used in the game. It could be related. Like the loading screen.

Does something about a tessaract equate to a 6 set of characters for a coordinate. Something besides for a normal cube? I still think this might be refering to the cube of stars around banards loop. Maybe raxxla is in it.

It's next to the sun in the left image. Maybe it's some older universal symbol for something. Except with raxxla there are three. (or more if it's 2d to 3d as they can hide behind each other.) And all over the center leading to the last location and from the first. Oddly enough the first had 2 and the second ones to the final point have 3 each...


Side note:
d g k r u w

That middle bit, if it's morse code, could be either:

gkd: 08,11,04

Stuff having to do with metal fabrics.
or
urw: 21,18,23

Everything from finances to you are welcome...

Unless that image is upside down that that morse code is backwards and or inverted.... Or does that come to the same thing?

Either way, that is a repeatable pattern. I wonder if that is part of the clue.
Click to expand...
Was reading through older posts on this thread and I came up with a similar idea but I like the idea of a morse code idea, I thought it might be a set of instructions in the form of a galactic map heh