Machina Ergo Sum
Oct 17, 2019
#12,844
Histarium said:
I guess its time I outline my Hypothesis that Im trying to prove/disprove. Mostly because I fully believe that Raxxla is not some 45kylie away system thats hard to get to even for a seasoned explorer. They have said in the past that Raxxla was accesible in the older updates, pre-engineers era FSDs, so at most we have a 40ly jump range or so... (Could be wrong) Thus, I do not believe that the reason Raxxla is not found is that its just in some random system no ones explored. Nor do I believe that you can just simply go there whenever you want to. Its very likely that Raxxla, at least in my eyes, was the first experimental puzzle they did. Perhaps they tested out what we have with Thargoid and Guardian stuff now, with Raxxla first.

So My theory is as follows: There has been two times in history that we have been given hints to Raxxla, and teased of its existence. First is The Dark Wheel, and Second is the codex entry on Raxxla. Now, reaching all the way back to this threads early days, The Dark Wheel, or speculated to be, had quests related to translating something or engineering something. As if it were a key to unlocking something. Secondly we had the codex entry and within it, it hints at a connection to Greek Mythology. The Omphalos Rift. On Earth, The Omphalos Stone has a few references within greek mythology that immediately stood out to me. The first being that the real life Omphalos Stone was once considered the "Center of the known world" to the greeks. Omphalos then can be determined, perhaps, to mean "At the center of it all" A place between places, if you will. The other reference within the Greek Mythos is that Rhea created the Omphalos Stone as a way to confuse Kronus, Zeus' father, from eating his own child, Zeus.

My first investigation into this was abotu Kronus, and his origins. Which then led me to Elysia, and the Elysian Shores. Within Greek Mythos, Elyusian Fields is a place where noble heroes who have performed great deeds are allowed to live an eternal life of paradise on, by the gods. Interestingly enough, Elysia is definately a system, though further investigation is needed, if there is even a connection. Further evidence of this is that the first ever log entry wrote down was talking about someone named Cora, which is also sometimes the name of Persephone, Which, then has links to Eleusinian Mysteries.

Thus, My Hypothesis( with the help of CMDR Node and others in Canonn Research Group) Has become that the Elusinian Mysteries are very much tied to actions needed to be done within the game to solve the puzzle. "Things Done, Things Shown, Things Said" after which, you will find Raxxla. If all conditions are met and you have an item to present at the right location. This about as far as Iv gotten
I dont want to get into to much here, as all of this is just conjecture and a hypothesis, but the Codex entry DOES leave one to believe that they are trying to hint that this has a lot of Greek Mythological connections within the puzzle.

Final Thoughts:
refers to the belief that a place of geopolitical power and currency is the most important place in the world. " We could say that we all have this syndrome

Sources:
Click to expand...

Welcome to most of this thread? Sorry man but nothing really new here though. Most are covered in this thread afaik.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Count dEstard and Rochester