Thatchinho
Oct 17, 2019
#12,858
Jorki Rasalas said:
True, but DB did say it’s been in-game since the gamma, which sort of implies it’s accessible. I just can’t see him putting it into the game without it being accessible. It might be hidden behind a permit lock but if so I think there’s also been a mechanism available since the gamma to get that permit.

However I also have a vague feeling that one of DB’s utterances was that he was surprised it hadn’t already been found. I have googled this but can’t find the source for it, and may have imagined it, though lots of the old forum stuff seems now to be inaccessible. Might have been in a livestream? If he did say that then it would confirm it’s accessible!
Call me a traditionalist, but I think assuming something was meant by something when it wasn’t actually specifically said, is slightly different to it actually being said, and needs to be treated accordingly!

Far too much bother on the forums from people going off things that were never actually said in the first place!

But on the other point about the DB quote, if it’s the one that was along the lines of ‘I’m surprised that no one’s found what’s one of the biggest things in game’ that was from a stream from around the time of the 2.4 announcement and one of the 2.3.x updates. Might have been from an event. The DB bit was a pre-recorded bit IIRC.

In one of the other trailers from around the same time was the overhead shot of some SRVs approaching some sort of cave or structure and then a Thargoid appearing above them. It was speculated at the time that that was what DB was referring to. In retrospect it could also have been the crashed Thargoid scouts. There’s also the (slight) possibility that it was Jameson’s Cobra and the INRA bases - they were only found after they were featured in a content teaser trailer which was released between some 2.4.x updates. They may have only just been added in one of the preceeding 2.4 updates, but who knows, they might have just featured in the teaser as they’d been there for a while but not found.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and Jorki Rasalas