Thatchinho
Oct 17, 2019
#12,859
Thatchinho said:
...Snip...

But on the other point about the DB quote, if it’s the one that was along the lines of ‘I’m surprised that no one’s found what’s one of the biggest things in game’ that was from a stream from around the time of the 2.4 announcement and one of the 2.3.x updates. Might have been from an event. The DB bit was a pre-recorded bit IIRC.

In one of the other trailers from around the same time was the overhead shot of some SRVs approaching some sort of cave or structure and then a Thargoid appearing above them. It was speculated at the time that that was what DB was referring to. In retrospect it could also have been the crashed Thargoid scouts. There’s also the (slight) possibility that it was Jameson’s Cobra and the INRA bases - they were only found after they were featured in a content teaser trailer which was released between some 2.4.x updates. They may have only just been added in one of the preceeding 2.4 updates, but who knows, they might have just featured in the teaser as they’d been there for a while but not found.
Click to expand...
@Jorki Rasalas some vids for reference:

The Return Announcement - the bit I was talking about with the SRVs, cave/structure/Thargoid is near then end. Also check 0:46 for an image of an old school Cobra MkIII and a Thargoid Scout in an planetary ring.

Potential streams for the DB bit:

Edit - disregard the ones in the spoiler - had a quick look myself after posting and these are just the ones where Ed did that bit of stuff that lead to the in-game message to all cmdrs about the return of the Thargoids.

SPOILER



Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrJQ3M91Qmg



Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AJ_sAH-f8c


Thought I'd post them to save you looking as these are the ones from the time I was talking about. Haven't been through them thoroughly looking for the DB quote though (and probably won't) so I can't guarantee the DB bit's actually in them though. Good luck, and let me/us know if you find it!

Edit 2 - It's probably not in the final video either. Haven't checked yet, but have tried searching more generally and have remembered why I gave up last time. Nothing coming up via forum searches despite it being discussed - would have been in the Canonn threads I reckon. 9 probably. Though thinking about it, it could have been a reference to the Zurara so maybe a FR thread, and that'd put the DB bit earlier than I was thinking.
Last edited: Oct 17, 2019
Reactions:
Backelaer, [PS4] Filthymick420 and Rochester