El Saico
Sep 4, 2024
#34,713
Perhaps we're thinking a few centuries too early. From the Codex:

It is extremely difficult to find consistency among the various fragmentary rumours of Raxxla. Much like the ancient myths of Atlantis, El Dorado and the kingdom of Prester John, interpretations of the story range from the sceptical to the outlandish: Raxxla has been suggested to be anything from an unremarkable moon to a state of cosmic enlightenment. The earliest documented stories tend to agree on several points, however: that Raxxla is a definite place, and that it holds a mystical secret.

One thing all those myths have in common? They all have fueled the dreams of European explorers during the Age of Discovery.
El Dorado is the obvious one, being inspired by a sacred ritual from the Muisca people in Lake Guatavita (present-day Colombia)
Atlantis became associated with the Americas as soon as the conquistadores returned, with scholars linking them to the native Mayans later on
The kingdom of Prester John was one of the goals behind the Portuguese expeditions around the African coast
It all started because the Iberian kingdoms wanted a new route to the East Indies (since the Ottomans closed off the Silk Road to Christians) - a goal achieved by Vasco da Gama in 1498 - but, thanks to Columbus' attempt to beat him to the punch by taking a west route, which badly miscalculated the Earth's circumference, found a humongous continent to colonize and plunder.

How did the expansion of the bubble went, again?

On one end, Marlin Duval led a massive colonial expedition through uncharted waters and arrived at a lush world with an already existing sentient species - which all died from bacteria the settlers brought with them. The similarities with Columbus landing in the Bahamas can be a bit too on the nose, here.

On the other, the Codex literally calls Alioth a stellar El Dorado, while the Alliance was born after a price hike became the last straw that sparked a revolution and established a decentralized government - mostly concerned with external trade and defense - where states (sorry, I mean systems) are free to govern as they please and none can wield more power than another.



With that in mind, the Empire being on the South and the Alliance on the North seems to further enhance the picture.

...crap, maybe I do have to read Os Lusíadas after all.
Last edited: Sep 4, 2024
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and simulacrae