Louis Calvert
Sep 3, 2024
#34,709
selbie said:
View attachment 400704
Specifically within that transmission is reference to the conditions of receiving this anonymous test.
The condition reads to me like we reached a necessary grade in the aptitude exams - which would imply we passed a certain threshold they want. This could mean other PF members (ie. fictional non-player pilots) have not been contacted, however, I would also understand if it's generally given upon entering the PF.
This benefactor is also footing the bill for an indefinite lease and insurance on your starship account - signifying the importance of the investment they are making in us. I would assume this means other PF members don't get this sort of privilege.
Yes it is just a lore explanation for starting the game, but at the same time it's a great way to introduce a fundamental part of the Elite mystery - the 'Dangerous' aspect.

Within the expanded PF umbrella there is the EFP as well as the Dark Wheel.
By gaining Elite rank we become part of the EFP, and thus gain a Permit to access Founders World.
To me this rules out having Elite rank as a requirement of the DW test, but I can also see how it would be a necessary step in a larger sequence.

The Attachment 01 message does include the wording:

Two possibilities here:
1. The test is speaking of gaining Elite rank in your endeavours, and that A. Friend is a member of the EFP who is assessing your eligibility.
2. Mr A.Friend is a member of the DW, and they are speaking of a test beyond EFP membership.

In beacon #246, it even indicates that some PF members didn't bother attaining Elite rank, and that even pirates were becoming more skilled than members because the Elite rank depended on kill count, hence the need for a more distinguished EFP subgroup to maintain the aura of prestige.

Another aspect that makes me wonder about TDW's power and influence is in the beacon #250 text:

This tells me that the DW are not a powerful entity within the PF, but rather a fanatical subset of it, and if they overstep their power, the PF stomps on them.
This would indicate they likely do not have access to Raxxla (assuming it is a powerful thing). They merely hold some of the important "trinkets" that would help solve the larger Raxxla puzzle.
Click to expand...
Good points.

I think what the DW had is basically the clues in "the Toast". I don't think DW ever found Raxxla - but I do think someone(s) have, UC or some part of the PF are hiding it, and that means at least they know about it.

Great way to keep the DW contained - wrap it inside the PF so they can keep everyone under the thumb.

As I've previously said, I think that's actually to protect the galaxy.