CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 22, 2022
#28,640
Allen Stroud said:
There is no connection between the origin of the logo and Augustus Brenquith.
Just humor me for a little bit on this (if it is indeed nothing it will be interesting nonetheless). Yes, you were instrumental in a HUGE portion of the lore but that doesn't mean Braben and the team told you everything. Raxxla per Codex is either something like cosmic enlightenment and/or "a definite place that holds a mysterious secret". Let's just see where this goes because Frontier Developments thought it important enough to link the two on newsletter#61 in the lead up to the big jump of Jaques Station (see https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10043187 where I have it attached). Ackwada could be a great deal more important. Brenquith is also linked into Astrogator Tours in Bedaho via the beacons there. Our ships all use the Astrogator console. If the link is something actually important (and it absolutely may be nothing instead), we need to see where this takes us. I just cannot ignore repeated attempts to at least connect Jaques and Brenquith repeatedly.

Remember we are told about golden opportunities and not to ignore them. This has that same kind of potential.

ATTACHMENT-01

All you need to know is that my organisation has a very specific remit: to seek out those who have the potential to become real movers and shakers, those precious few with the talent to mould and shape the galaxy around them, to create change on a grand scale.

But now get ready for lesson number one. When a golden opportunity comes your way – and trust me, they’re few and far between, my friend – reach out and grab it with both hands. Sometimes it’s clever to ask questions, and sometimes it’s not. This time it’s not.

We find them, and then we test them. Consider this your test.

Take the ship. Take the money. No strings, no hidden clauses. Do with them what you will. Blaze your own trail.

Impress me, perhaps you’ll learn more.

A Friend
Click to expand...
Last edited: Dec 22, 2022