CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 21, 2022
#28,630
Quick questions @Allen Stroud :

Augustus Brenquith "glistening legacy" probably doesn't happen until first commercial hyperspace (Faraway) in the 2800s. Is that reasonable to assume. Granted he sounded rich. Also, is there perhaps a connection to a certain cyborg barman with the story "..All that Glisters.."? The phrasing here seems almost too coincidental not to be intentional. Jaques per "..All that Glisters" was "some three hundred years". That could put him as from 2800s or 2900s. If so, seems human colonies were hand picked.

Relevant text:

THE ATMOSPHERE inside the bar was so thick it could be sliced with a laser. A fog of smoke and bad breath hung in the air like a cloud, and the thumping strains of the ancient jukebox assaulted the ears of anyone still sober enough to listen. The oft repeated sequences of one of Roving Eye's early works rang round the room, filling the ears with deadening sound from before the space age.


The barman wondered why the music was still so popular. It was several centuries old and yet it was revived at regular fifty-year intervals so much for the vagaries of fashion. As the barman moved methodically down the line of glasses, filling or polishing as required, the garish lights gleamed off his polished chrome features. Jaques was not old enough to remember the original band, though several regulars assumed that he was. He had been born some three hundred years before, and had been a cyborg for over two hundred and seventy of those years. Sometimes he wondered if there was anything human left at all.
Click to expand...
...
More relevant text:
"I guess it will take me about another fifty years to buy up the rest of this place and another ten to fit it out with enough drive engines." Andre's choking splutter distracted the cyborg for a moment. He wiped the beer from his jacket and the bar as he continued, "I've got a hankering to see the universe again, you see. I think I'll do what Augustus Brenquith did and fly off into the unknown and explore new systems. But I like people as well, so in sixty or so years time there will be an invitation going out, anyone who wants to come along can join me on a long trip. "If you're still around and interested, come and sign up. I never forget a face."

Jaques means either "supplanter" or in reference to Shakespeare's "As you like it" is "a disillusioned and satirical observer of life". Jaques and Brenquith are same person? This may even extend to Peter Jameson who grandchildren received the letter gifting the ship originally. I believe that trend continues with Elite Dangerous.

More info on Brenquith:
Augustus Brenquith
Augustus Brenquith was a legendary explorer who went on a solitary search for new worlds. He is officially accredited with the discovery of various star systems including Ackwada and its habitable planet.[1] An ancient message capsule was recovered from outside the orbit of Jupiter in the Sol...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com
Last edited: Dec 22, 2022