Rochester
Dec 21, 2022
#28,625
Jorki Rasalas said:
@Rochester : you’re more knowledgeable than I on Milton. I had assumed in that hypothesis that Alpha Cent/Eden was the end of the “personal journey”, but maybe it was the beginning? So what does Milton say about Adam & Eve’s expulsion from Eden & their subsequent “personal journey”?
I’m no expert! But from memory in JM Paradise Lost, when Adam and Eve are expelled from Eden they simply walk off into the wilderness.

Once they ‘fall’ they obtain the ability to ‘comprehend’; ‘reason’ etc, and are then shown the future; eg God literally explains everything to them; prior to that they and Eden existed out of time, the fall effectively establishes the movement of time. How Milton writes it is actually rather metaphysical, very trippy.

The archangel Michael shows Adam the future on top of a hill in Eden, then later tells him in person, Eve has it explained to her by God in a dream…so when they leave they are effectively ’happy’ in the knowledge of what future they build. No real location is described.

There is a rather trippy part where Adam goes forward through time, and effectively sees every city / continent of earth, even ‘El Dorado’…

Adam's Tragic Vision in "Paradise Lost" on JSTOR
Robert A. Bryan, Adam's Tragic Vision in "Paradise Lost", Studies in Philology, Vol. 62, No. 2 (Apr., 1965), pp. 197-214
www.jstor.org

The most astonishing locations are IMOP those described in Lucifers journey which are cosmological. He falls from heaven following the war, to hell, then back out of hell via a ‘bridge’ or viaduct through Chaos (IMOP this viaduct is on the celestial sphere and he travels to the equator but that just my impression); he then gets off and wanders the Crystalline Sphere, goes past Limbo, then finds the apex, steps on the golden stairs, then looks down to the interior of the sphere and sees ‘everything’ then flies down through the stars via Ophiuchus, he even sees ‘other’ alien Edens, then towards our Sol System to the surface of our sun, then to Eden, then later back to hell, all before lunch(!).

The book is actually full of some very obscure locations! I do recommend it.

Note El Dorado was also a key influence on Milton on writing Paradise Lost - amongst others.
Last edited: Dec 27, 2022
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian