CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Aug 28, 2023
#31,431
Edelgard von Rhein said:
Oh, and Jason Ryder called his Ophidian shuttle 'Avalonia'
Based, on crew capacity, Hyperspace capabilities, and description of being smaller than a Cobra Mk.3 we are dealing with an Adder. Which interestingly, is very much in line with current thinking that TDW was an organization which exists outside of normal legal frameworks. It's small but gets decent range but has almost no cargo. Ophidian here I believe merely references the fact this is one of the snake ships. It is also notable for a lack of cargo capacity especially if a fuel scoop was equipped for deep space.

‘Jason Ryder was convinced that Raxxla existed. That’s why he trained for, and became a part of, the Dark Wheel, the legend-seekers. I hadn’t heard much from him or about him for some time until just before he died, when he told me he’d found evidence for the real existence of Raxxla. He came back from Deep Space to get a proper team together… ‘ Rafe smiled bitterly. ‘But just before he was due to go back, he decided to take a safe-worlds holiday jaunt with his son… and an assassin was waiting for him.’

‘But why?’ Alex asked. ‘Why kill him for finding Raxxla?’

‘Because there are people on Raxxla already. This is only a guess, mind you, but from what happened to Jason I’d say it was close to being right. We’ve long suspected that a corps of Elites lives there, and are exploiting the gateway. They’re powerful, twisted men. Powerful enough to hire an assassin to kill the threat to their dominance.’

It appears Jason Ryder's first mistake was trusting Raffe Zetter. I have already expounded plenty on who I suspect he was in reality - a certain individual which faked their death in Riedquat and crashed at the system known as Facece.

From Lave to Facece it is 166.94 LY. That is a longer haul than Sol to Achenar.

I really need to rank up and get access to Facece so I can go Facece 6 and all its' moons. It keeps coming up too much. Besides, Coriolis stations look like a much larger Guardian Orb. This would also explain the initial dodo Coriolis design being important because a Guardian Orb is a perfect dodecahedron. Further, it would explain the Soontill story as a form of misdirection.



Guardian Orb:


Modern Coriolis station:


Wouldn't it be something if the Coriolis is actually an alien construct?
Reactions:
Spenceuk99