selbie
May 24, 2024
#34,131
Rochester said:
Yes. You’re getting it! That’s the spirit!

I’m loving this conceptual idea of ‘falling Stars’ as Milton’s falling archangels.

‘Fiery the Angels fell’ - ‘If Only You Could See What I´ve Seen With Your Eyes’ is this another reference by M Brookes to Blade Runner! (Quote is not linked to Milton, it’s a misquote of Blake's poem but the visual concept is striking and Brookes loved this film -(as do I) although it is linked to the Germanic concept of the Otherworld too).




There is evidence of a cosmological construct in game, centred on a sphere of storm gods (Milton’s Chaos). Atop of this is an Empyrean, a zone of higher gods, below it, the underworld.

By my observations it’s balanced, through its centre is the world tree Yggdrasil, a series of Norse named systems. Interspersed with various references to The and of Gilgamesh.

Below is the Greek underworld, a classical concept of the older European ‘Otherworld’, this is conflated by other examples of ‘’ other Edens….and in my opinion the journey of Satan out of Hell, to the ‘Bridge’ and to Empyrean.

This whole concept is encircled by a course of ‘mountains’. The Lost Realms seems to exist on one of its borders. Close to the area of Yggdrasil linked to the Norse concept of the edge of the world. Likewise the borders of Heaven seem to sit upon its upper peaks.

A border?

The Brookes Tours intercept this zone.

This I believe is a construct, to represent the old architecture for M Brookes book ‘’ and heavily references the works of .

It’s a cosmological model universe built off the bones of the , and of the gods man later killed. It’s also identifying that Eden exists/existed, as a proto Otherworld, as is in my opinion Raxxla, and like that Miltonian example ought to be hanging from the Empyrean, in game a peculiar zone close to the borders of heaven (Fall).

Is Raxxla above, or is it below.

I do believe the Thargoids and Far God and everything is linked. And are collectively pointing us towards its location, is it some Celtic border or liminal zone, a crossing through or under a Mountain. Has Brookes melded Miltonian concepts with Celtic references?

This is a glorious construct to behold.

''












Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'



Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'



Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
Click to expand...
The mythical parallels in BR were probably a huge inspiration for Brookes that's for sure Orion, a hunter god who was elevated to the heavens. The Christ-like Batty sacrificing himself for the sins of humanity. The legend of Tannhäuser the knight who fell from grace after finding the home of Venus.
I wonder if the deliberate use of the German compound word Fernweh is MB hinting at this. A disguised form of "Far Pain / Woe / Misery". Dare I say even a link to the Far God name and the opposing Eternal Void religions.

In terms of your Hypothetical Axis, or the Yggdrasil line (?), are you able to determine what direction in 3D space this line extends to beyond the bubble?
If crossroads are a locality where two realms touch, and if this axis runs to a 'crossroads' between human + thargoid, or human + guardian space, then perhaps somewhere in this intersection of realms is a potential clue? Perhaps we can summon a demon with arcane circles and copper coins
Or maybe it's less complicated and it's an intersection between the realms you've already identified - storm gods, Empyrean, Underworld etc.

Edit: could this crossroads be home to Soontill? "the actual Soontill is said to be a fantastical world filled with Thargoid treasures". The system named Soontill has a site rumoured to be of the CIEP base where a combined Human-Thargoid project took place. So some kind of hybridization just like the aforementioned liminal beings The relics themselves are said to not quite align with Thargoid materials, so either the last surviving Guardians or some other race.
Last edited: May 24, 2024
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian