Rochester
May 23, 2024
#34,122
simulacrae said:
What if Astrophel … is Astro Fell - as in starry mountain…. Fell like norse Fjäll…

Psalms 24: 3-5

Who may ascend the mountain of the Lord? Who may stand in His holy place?

The one who has clean hands and a pure heart, who has not set his mind on what is false, and who has not sworn deceitfully.

He will receive blessing from the Lord,
and righteousness from the God of his salvation.

On his high mountain among the stars, the Far God sits….. waiting
Click to expand...

I like that assumption. I am very adamant that ‘mountains’ are very relevant in game.

There is the reference in Celtic and Norse myth that one could journey to the ‘Otherworld’ via a mountain.

In Paradise Lost, and Dante’s Inferno Eden was on a mountain.

Dante’s identifies his as Mount Purgatory, it was upon a spiritual axis, opposite Jerusalem, it had a spiralling path, and only 7 stars were in the sky. Atop was Eden, and the river of Lethe.

The Lethe is interesting because it’s source in the text originates deep below from the tears of the ‘old man of the mountain’ of Crete.

Now what interested me initially was that Crete has also been called the ‘city of the navel’ and as well as that, was home to the goddess of mountains and hunting, Britomartis, she who is also sometimes conflated with Artemis!

The Otherworld in the Epic of Gilgamesh was also via a Cedar Mountain, and M Brookes mentioned ‘mountains’ a few times himself ‘just a man waiting for his turn on the mountain’; especially in his book Legacy in regards to the mysteriously named ‘beautiful mountain’ - Beaumont. Could Michael have been telling us to look or journey to a specific mountain or mountains?

And of course we do have a series of systems encircling the Lost Realms and Miltonian model all named or holding bodies referencing‘ Mountains’.

On thing also is how the word Astrophel is pronounced in the Codex audio. It’s not ‘Astro-phell’ but more like ‘Astroful’?

So we could be looking for something not at all linked to Philip Sidney?
Last edited: Aug 24, 2024
Reactions:
selbie, Jorki Rasalas, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person