Othon von Salza
O
Feb 14, 2019
#5,980
Ko Shiji said:
I think we got that from your reveal post. ....

This was like getting into the mindset of a kid, in order to figure out the motives behind common nouns and verbs, replaced with capitalized versions and sarcasm, to find anything of interest regarding the topic of this thread. This was indeed peculiar, might have been a bug though.

Posts like this full of repetitions and off-topic ranting lead obviously to two problems:
1. Threads are TL and so people DR even though they might contain useful information: that is, finding clues to R is probably easier going off in some random direction in-game.
2. People don't contribute out of fear of such reactions, out of fear of being addressed as stupid, insignificant, OCD, etc.

So, it's a bad way to interact. Not "fun". Which is why we're looking, but mostly half (at this thread) ... Only a couple of people have reached the level of childishness to have to express their opinions on others as required to clutter these threads. Which brings me to the third problem:

3. Putting in the effort, hyper-awareness, etc., doesn't guarantee success. You don't even know if what you've read hold anything of value.

Anyway, thank you again for that bit of info in your last post. Whatever R is, it is not labeled as such .. now that was a silly statement.

So, to conclude:

1. Must talk in first-person plural to emphasize god-complex
2. Must pay attention to use CAPITALS to emphasize IMPORTANCE
3. It's just about repeating one-self to get just the proper length for a post and it's just about repeating one-self to get just the proper length for a post
4. Must use sarcasm to act like being on the right side of the line: left <void> right; as to revive the monochrome.

After all, once you wear the t-shirt without the proper amount of coffee, that just results in a bad morning. Hence, willing to live the life of contradiction.
Rant on .. Meh

To all of you who have something to say or contribute, how minor it may seem to you, and don't out of fear for such reactions, please ignore that fear since them are few in number even though their shouting makes it appear otherwise.

Now, back to the throttle!

Reactions:
CMDRGURU951