Jorki Rasalas
Jun 7, 2019
#8,708
Hanerib said:
You should try Thargoid combat zones, they are lot's of fun. Seeing the "Thargoid threat eliminated" message is quite rewarding. Yesterday I even helped some Anti-Xeno Initiative people to kill a hydra. You can see FDev put some time planning those game mechanics. I can't personally explore much anymore, because I think ADS should have retained more of it's former function, and FSS should have been reserved for new kind of stellar objects or phenomena. But apparently DW2 people had fun. CQC is fun, if a bit exhausting, and would function better if there were more players, or alternatively, powerups had a "shuffle function", changing location and quality randomly across the field, and therefore slightly more rewarding situational awareness and flight skill, if also, luck.
This sort of discussion is quite relevant in this topic, because many of us have played this game a lot, and seek to understand all mechanics in this game, what FDev is intending with various things they do. Concerning late topic of cheating in the game, (which breaks and demoralizes the community btw), it is quite obvious that the ultimate mystery in this game is not some game asset named "Raxxla", but the emphasis should be in seeking to understand, "what it is".

Tip off missions are very interesting, they seem to change after a while, I think Ian Doncaster has studied this game mechanic, and some of them tell stories about corporate entities interested in secretive operations and mass manipulation. I wonder what it all could mean. They would be ideal in telling a story in similar fashion to prelude to the coming of Thargoids.
Click to expand...

Well, having undertaken DW2 I did enjoy it, very much, but that was because of the sights seen and camaraderie encountered and very much DESPITE the current FSS mechanic. I did ask that the DW2 organisers provide some feedback to FD on this. The fss is a good idea, but has some serious design flaws at present, including the seemingly endless scanning of bodies for geological/biological signals which is just a time waster and adds nothing to the game. I will read JManis’s new TipOff thread with interest; it does seem to be a potential source of (cryptic?) clues.