CMDRGURU951
Dec 19, 2018
#4,613
Thinking the riddle, sonnets, codex, toast and the original dark wheel book included, allude to a connection to the story of The Odyssey. This may be a recreation of the story, and a retracing of Alex Ryder's footprints, possibly in a series of checkpoints. Let me explain.

This is going off the assumption that Zeta Cassiopeia (Mother of Princess Andromeda) is the brow and NGC 7822 is the Burning Jewel based on the fact that there's one station in the 7822 and it's the Gorgon Research Facility. Medusa was a Gorgon and Perseus used her head to turn Cetus to stone when he was going to devour Andromeda. And the Cupids Arrow Tourism Beacon in Class O system, S171 34, that further aligns with the wording of the Sonnets and goes into your codex and earns you rep with the controlling faction of Gorgon Research Facility, Life Sciences Expedition. Not to mention that In-Game the Class O's of 7822 point a B line (Arrow) at the Andromeda Galaxy.

Sonnet 9, (or the 2nd one listed in the wiki), talks about a place, Queen Virtues Court.
When Odysseus got pushed off the island of Ogygia (Translates to Atlantis) by Calypso after 7 years of being stuck there with her, he arrived on the island of Scheria and taken into the palace of Arete (Goddess of Virtue) and Alcinous (Mighty Mind) where he was cared for by them and assisted in finally getting home to his wife in Ithaca after 20 years of separation from his wife Penelope.
The hero returns home having proven himself in Courage and Mind. The reuniting of Penelope and Odysseus has been equated to being a coming together of like-minds.

In Ancient Greek Elysian Fields is the underworld of the Virtuous and Courageous. Elysian Fields is also a very common character in the original book, The Dark Wheel.
Elysian Shores Region is the home to the Heart and Soul nebulas and home to NGC 7822 which resides in the Cepheus constellation. Cepheus is Andromeda's Father

The big thing here, something I'm dubbing The Neptune Connection, is that Arete and Alcinous are descendants of Neptune.

Neptune is Jason Ryders son and Alex Ryders grandson.

o7

Edit: Fixed the names and links to characters
Last edited: Dec 19, 2018
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, Chameleon_69, CMDR Hagglebeard and 3 others