Han_Zen
Dec 19, 2018
#4,616
CMDRGURU951 said:
Thinking the riddle, sonnets, codex, toast and the original dark wheel book included, allude to a connection to the story of The Odyssey. This may be a recreation of the story, and a retracing of Alex Ryder's footprints, possibly in a series of checkpoints. Let me explain.

This is going off the assumption that Zeta Cassiopeia is the brow and NGC 7822 is the Burning Jewel based on the fact that there's one station in the 7822 and it's the Gorgon Research station. Medusa was a Gorgon and Cepheus used her head to turn Cetus to stone when he was going to devour Andromeda. And the Cupids Arrow Tourism beacon in Class O system, S171 34, that further aligns with the wording of the Sonnets and goes into your codex and earns you rep with controlling faction of Gorgon Research, Life Science Expedition. Not to mention that In-Game the classs O's of 7822 point a B line (Arrow) at the Andromeda Galaxy.

Sonnet 9, (or the 2nd one listed in the wiki), talks about a place, Queen Virtues Court.
When Ulysses got pushed off the island of Ogygia (Translates to Atlantis) by Calypso after 7 years of being stuck there with her, he arrived on the island of Scheria and taken into the palace of Arete (Goddess of Virtue) and Alcinous (Mighty Mind) where he was cared for by them and assisted in finally getting home to his wife in Ithaca after 20 years of separation.
The hero returns home having proven himself in courage mind. Odysseus speaks, in Homer’s poem, of the ideal of like-mindedness (homophrosyne) in marriage and the moment of Ulysses and Penelope reuniting has been likened to this.

In Ancient Greek Elysian Fields is the underworld of the Virtuous and Courageous. Elysian Shores Region is the home to the Heart and Soul nebulas and home to NGC 7822 which resides in the Cepheus constellation. Cepheus is the one who rescued and married Andromeda.

The big thing here, something I'm dubbing , is that .

is Jason Ryders son and Alex Ryders grandson.

o7

Good stuff. I've been looking at the Odyssey as well.

I have a few stars/regions, sort of mapped:

Scheria is Polaris. The highest floating Island.
Ogygia is Regor(Gamma Velorum). South Pole star of Neptun. Possibly
Ithaka is in the Pleiades. Odysseus symbolized by Orion the Archer, seeking home his wife in the Pleiades.
Entrance to Hades is Deneb(Alpha Cygni). The white rock, at the parting of the rivers(start of the Great rift). The omphalos rock in the Great rift.

These are just some googling results and my interpretations. Probably not very accurate, but it may give some ideas.