AOpsyche
A
May 31, 2019
#8,499
Edelgard von Rhein said:
Regarding Gan Romero's possible destination: where else might someone who has been having influential dreams go but Mare Somnia? (A remote region of the Milky Way on the right hand or 'East' side of the Galaxy Map). This name translates as 'Sea of Sleep', if I understand it right.

I've done more reading around mythology as a result of some of the names of the Galactic Regions. I'm wondering if there might be clues to be found in some of them, hinted at by the 'Alleged Toast of The Dark Wheel'. Consider where the names must have come from in the lore of the game: they are probably from the Elite Federation of Pilots - they may even predate Universal Cartographics, though this is speculation. The point is that the people who named these regions might have some links to The Dark Wheel and given the regions meaningful designations, relevant to either finding The Dark Wheel base or Raxxla, if there was a clue that The Dark Wheel had found.

My reading today has been revolving around Aquila (Aquila's Halo region, even though I'm not sure it fits the opening line), Achilles and the Trojan War. Aquila was an eagle of Zeus carrying his thunderbolts. I wonder if this was also one of the Eagles mentioned in locating the Omphalos at Delphi. Achilles' Altar is an odd name; so far it is not clear to me what this might refer to but Achilles is the main character in the Iliad and so I've been reading about the Trojan War. The City of Troy had six gates (Dardanydes, Tymbria, Helyas, Cetheas, Trojana and Anthonydes), which made me think of the Raxxla symbol. Achilles chased Hector around the city walls three times before Hector got the hint he was going to have to fight. It makes me wonder if Raxxla itself is a structure that, like the City of Troy, has six ways in but perhaps has a guardian or something else that must be interacted with first in order to find a key. Maybe there are keys in odd places in the different Galactic Regions?

Sorry for going off on a tangent (and much as I like to come up with testable ideas, finding Gan Romero is not going to be easy even if he is headed for Mare Somnia and it could be years, if ever, before we discover Raxxla and find that we actually need a few keys to get it to work...)
Click to expand...

I guess my exploration ship is getting a new name: "Big Wooden Horse"