Jaiotu
Jul 10, 2018
#2,948
Thatchinho said:
Rebecca being a clone is fairly strongly implied (IMHO) from this bit from the Teorge logs:

“I put this message in this system for a reason, the old lore will tell you why. I’m not the first and I’m not the last. I’m old now and it will soon be time for another to take my place. Maybe it’s her who has led you here. If she’s anything like me she’ll be one feisty little lady, hope you had fun.”

Personally I would say that there’s at least a bit of an implication that Arissa is a clone as well. There’s the grey eyes, and a few other bits IIRC.

The problem with something being implied, IMHO, is quite simply that its only an implication. I took the statement "I'm not the first and I'm not the last" to mean that she wasn't the first to try and stand against the club and nor will she be the last ... not that she was a clone. It is also strongly implied that this Rebecca is the same Rebecca from Drew's Oolite saga. After all the Prologue included in Premonition is almost word for word from Drew's Oolite short story Altera. If Rebecca Tiley/Weston is not the natural born daughter of her parents in the Oolite saga then it really changes that storyline in very significant ways.

Jorki Rasalas said:
Well, even a clone could have been recruited! And I thought that the physical descriptions were all quite similar. It probably has no deeper implications whichever, but Rebecca’s ship was old and I was suddenly struck by the thought that it might have been Elyssia’s.

Yes. A clone can certainly be recruited but I guess I've always been struck more by how the physical descriptions of these clones are dissimilar. Especially Octavia with her increased size and strength but then I suppose each of these ladies had undergone plenty of ... enhancements ... that could account for Salome not quite recognizing a similarity upon meeting the others.

Of course ... none of this probably relates to the quest for Raxxla, aside from the fact that both Rebecca and Elyssia had connections to Cobra class vessels and the conjecture that discovering Raxxla might require some token homage to the 1984 Elite's only player-flyable vessel.