Darrack
Oct 12, 2022
#27,442
Jorki Rasalas said:
@Darrack @Ataxia

That raises a point for discussion. If anyone found Raxxla should they disclose
a) that it has been found? &/or
b) its location? &/or
c) its nature?

I hasten to say that I haven’t found it...but so many people seem to be getting such a great deal of enjoyment in searching for it that I did wonder whether it would be fair to terminate that quest? I don't think we’ve ever discussed this point in this thread!
Click to expand...
Good points

My personal view is that this is such a huge item in Lore and with many folks contributing to the search that Fdev may well be keeping this safely under wraps.
I hope that they see this as a huge expansion or future DLC/ direction.
I remember having a copy of that alien life book when it was first released and Raxxla always for some reason stuck in my mind.
For me i would like to see it as a gateway to another system, an ancient connection to a long lost visiting race but for Elite that would be a huge step going from systems which are mostly following the galactic order of our understanding to those in games such as NMS.

You could argue that the presence of alien life has already crossed that threshold.

Ive thought hard about the way Raxxla could be discovered, would it be right for one commander to take the glory of this discovery when so many have devoted years to searching for it?
Many of you on here have made it your main goal (whether you care to admit it or not) and im not sure how some would feel if a random spacer made the discovery by happy chance.
This 'fairness' i admit played on my mind for a bit, what if i found it? Im active in searching for new Guardian ruins but what if i found it by accident, would i ignore it? Im pretty sure i would feel unentitled compared to the dedication you folks have to the quest.

The answer to my own question actually came from listening to some old lectures i have recorded from the late, great Professor Stephen Hawking.
Re running some of those old lectures detailing the basic timeline of our understanding of the origins of the universe i was amazed at how many discovery's were by accident or folks not looking at that specific task.
When Wilson and Penzias made their huge discovery was it right they got the credit when at the time they had no idea what they had found? after all they weren't even looking for it!

After the KTL debacle i think anything other than a reveal by the developers could cause mass hysteria, which is why it may well be better to just let sleeping dogs lie.

O7