Ughkoff
May 1, 2022
#26,146
if you think about of Shinrart as endgame content that has a lot of unique stuff, like the same quests from The Dark Wheel that you couldn't get anywhere else in the bubble. like access to ultimate equipment and ships (at a discount btw). that makes sense, in terms of game design. if you remember the elite after the release, it was very small scale, for example, a huge number of different convoys that the player had to attack, POI and the profit from this was small. Various tip off tasks. All these were small stories of each player. This is nothing at all, compared to how the players earn now (partly, the players in pursuit of big money have led to the fact that small missions have become unclaimed,the players really influenced the further design of the game).

We can also remember what the length of the jump was when there were no engineers and amplifiers from the Guardian. this made traveling outside of the bubble less desirable for the average player due to the huge distances, including to the center of the galaxy, which calls you if you look in its direction, while the bubble is a very tiny place within the Milky Way.
And then it makes sense to add some element to the game, some kind of Raxxla, which will give you the ability to move long distances. Rift, or wormhole, teleport, gate, it doesn't matter. And Shinrarta, as end-game content, provides such an opportunity, or the key to such an opportunity. For example, use black holes as a place to exit space, by analogy with white dwarfs, which give a boost to the FSD

By the way, in Elite 1984, we traveled between galaxies by buying a hyperdrive, it was a one-time gadget that had to be purchased again. And so the transition took place. Subsequently, 8 galaxies turned out to be not galaxies, but regions in the Milky Way (if I understood the wiki correctly). But the essence did not change, we were given some kind of device that allowed us to jump immediately to another region (no small jumps)
Last edited: May 1, 2022