Noobilite
May 1, 2022
#26,144
Han_Zen said:
What if we have all ready found it? We just don't know yet, because we haven't been able to activate the portal.

If we compare what Rafe Zetter says about Raxxla in the Dark Wheel, it matches rader well with the Guardian ruins.

Rafe describes Raxxla:
1. 'Raxxla's no alien, Alex. It's a ghost world. A planet. A legend…'
2. on Raxxla there's an alien construct that's a gateway to other Universes, and all that's in those Universes in the way of bounty, and treasures, and aliens, and life…
3. there are people on Raxxla already. This is only a guess, mind you, but from what happened to Jason I'd say it was close to being right. We've long suspected that a corps of Elites lives there, and are exploiting the gateway. They're powerful, twisted men. Powerful enough to hire an assassin to kill the threat to their dominance.'

1. Guardian planets are definitely ghosts words. No one is alive, but the ruins lives on and are still active.
2. Guardian ruins are portals to the guardian network. It's not unlikely that Guardian AI (constructs) lives in the network as sentient virtual beings in a full virtual universe.
3. In Premonition it was revealed that the existens of Guardian ruins were leaked by the Club. The Club are powerfull and twisted. They also seem to have advanced technological knowledge, they can leak when needed.

So? Do we have the door, but haven't figured out the key or is Raxxla the part we are still missing?
Click to expand...

What is funny would be if this is all describing the player and we all found raxxla when we went to shinra. What is shinra is raxxla. Or it's system is. What if it isn't complicated but right in front of us and we have to just put it together. We are a description of your first set of criteria. This fits a model of how frontier does things normally. simpl and to the point. The simplest answer, and what fits all other logic you find in this text found around the galaxy, is that we are the club and we are already on raxxla. Just like how other text are confused if you don't put it from a non player perspective.
Reactions:
Han_Zen and Macros Black