Han_Zen
May 27, 2020
#16,824
Mrrshal said:
Also there is popular children stories in russia where beautiful princess witch has a star on her brow. What star might it be?

Oh wait I remember something. It is from Russia's MAIN legendary writer Aleksandr Sergejevitš Puškin. He is regarded as the father of modern Russian literature.
He has a story read and known by every single Russian -
«Сказка о царе Салтане» or «Сказка о царе Салта́не, о сыне его славном и могучем богатыре князе Гвидо́не Салта́новиче и о прекрасной царевне Лебеди»
''The Tale of Tsar Saltan'' or ''The Tale of Tsar Saltan, of His Son the Renowned and Mighty Bogatyr Prince Gvidon Saltanovich, and of the Beautiful Princess-Swan ''







Her description:
- персонаж волшебной сказки А.С. Пушкина "Сказка о царе Салтане". Героиня наделена доброй и отзывчивой душой, она помогает молодому князю Гвидону построить себе чудесный город, заполучить волшебную белочку и могучую стражу. Царевна обладает волшебным даром: она неоднократно превращает князя Гвидона в насекомых (комара, шмеля) и сама превращается из белой лебеди в прекрасную девицу, от которой нельзя глаз отвести: "Днём свет божий затмевает, ночью землю освещает - месяц под косой блестит, а во лбу звезда горит. А сама-то величава, выступает будто пава; сладку речь-то говорит, будто реченька журчит." ''

''The Swan Princess - the character of the fairy tale A.S. Pushkin "The Tale of Tsar Saltan." The heroine is endowed with a kind and sympathetic soul, she helps the young prince Gvidon build himself a wonderful city, get a magic squirrel and a powerful guard. The princess has a magical gift: she repeatedly turns Prince Gvidon into insects (a mosquito, a bumblebee) and herself turns from a white swan into a beautiful girl, from whom you can’t take eyes off: “In the daytime overshadows the light of God, at night she illuminates the earth - moon shines under the scythe and a star burns in the forehead(brow). She is of course majestic, appears as a pava(?); her sweet talk is like a little river babbling. ''


Also I found on wiki that Brothers Grimm has ''Virgo with a golden star in her forehead'' but I need someone who knows to elaborate on this.
Click to expand...
Cool story. The swan makes yet another mystical appearance.
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum and [PS4] Filthymick420