Jorki Rasalas
Feb 7, 2019
#5,820
There is absolutely no evidence as to the location of Raxxla, or even what it is, circumstantial or otherwise. We have been clearly told that there will be no clues.

Everything known about Raxxla is detailed in the first post of this thread, with the sources to prove it; everything else is supposition, hypothesising, misinformation, personal belief, or wishful thinking. Some of the hypothesising has been based on lore reasoning on the fsd ranges which seems fairly plausible.

FD have not said it has been honked, that is an urban myth/false news/trolling; iff anyone can find the official source for this then I will change my mind on this point and I’m sure Macros will be very willing to add it to the OP, but we have been demanding for this source over the duration of this thread and none has been supplied....please do not propagate unfounded myth.

We know Raxxla has been in-game since the original gamma release, so iff it is a planet then it cannot be landable since Horizons brought that capability into the game; or at least it could not have been landable at the outset, but I guess FD could have updated it over time just as they upgraded the original FRift Zurara from a derelict Anaconda to a derelict megaship.

I personally do not think FD would implement this important part of the game only to hide it behind a permit; that would not be playing fair with us. I do think there is a way to find it, but it is clearly not straightforward (but since this is a personal belief I could of course be wrong, but I doubt it). I seem to remember someone, I think it might have been DB, in a recent livestream saying that the FSS might help in the location of Raxxla; I guess if that is a correct recollection then it was in the chapter 4 release vid.

Clearly FD will have put some reasonable effort into the creation of Raxxla, since it is so important to the player base. I think they will not have been constrained by what they have decided is non-canon lore, though I have difficulty in knowing what is, and what is not, now ED canon. I like the idea of a Borg-like textured planet, though I suspect it will turn out to be a derelict Coriolis station and the pic on the Codex will be either the entrance or an internal detail. I think there will turn out to be several people in FD who know about the details. Graphics dept, and probably sound dept, will have been involved in its design, as would Michael Brookes as the original Exec Producer and of course DB as the CEO and driving force. I can’t see these two guys doing everything themselves, however they may have been the ones to decide where it is located and how it might be discovered. They both seem to like puzzles, which gives me some level of confidence in my belief that there will be no permit lock but some tortuous puzzle.
Last edited: Feb 7, 2019
Reactions:
Ton618 666 and Rochester