Edelgard von Rhein
E
Feb 7, 2019
#5,817
Han_Zen said:
Can’t permit lock something you don’t know where is.
If I understand the lore correctly, all permit locks are put in place by the Elite Federation of Pilots (some obviously at the request of superpowers or local factions). That means that the system containing Raxxla cannot have been permit-locked _purely_ because it contains Raxxla, unless the Elite Federation of Pilots know where it is. It could, however, be incidentally locked off as a result of being inside a forbidden region. I think FD have confirmed that none of the regional permits are obtainable (I think it may have been a response to a question on a AMA or launch livestream for a patch, those are the ones I remember more clearly) so this is one possibility for a near-Bubble location that could not have been discovered (although Col 70 Sector and some surrounding locations were explorable at launch and only locked in 2.1). It could also be in an individual system locked off for another reason, which might then mean the permit is obtainable by some means.
.
I don't think the possibility of Raxxla being in a permit-locked location (obtainable or otherwise) should stop people from looking for it. Especially with the new mechanics, there might be clues to be found, either in space from beacons (or installations) or on the surface of planets and moons at abandoned settlements or crash sites. Knowing how to find and recognise the clues is the hard part - once you have them in hand they might be easier to solve. The fact that there are separate _categories_ for The Dark Wheel and Raxxla in the Codex suggests to me that there might be more than one entry in each to be revealed and that it might take something a bit unusual, or lucky, to get that information. The Dark Wheel were explorers and legend-seekers, so in a sense we are all here already members, just without any formal induction. All we can do is continue to play that role and see what we find.
Reactions:
Eckee and Thatchinho