Thatchinho
Feb 7, 2019
#5,815
Mr House Wins said:
Yes, exactly this. All the circumstantial evidence points to Raxxla being permit locked somewhere. My guesses are in the Col 70 sector or Polaris. The rumor of Raxxla has been around since the very earliest days of interstellar travel which means it’s either in the Bubble or not very far outside it. If that’s the case then it’s very likely that someone would have stumbled across it by now, as the vast majority of the Bubble systems have been discovered. Same goes for much of the systems going out to the Pleiades.

Also, I doubt that they wanted Raxxla to be discovered before it was “ready” to be discovered. Hence tossing a permit lock on the system it’s in to safeguard against this.

I suspect that they want the new discovery scanner system to play a role in its discovery as well. Why add the Codex with a Raxxla entry at the same time as adding the new discovery scanner mini game system? This is just a hunch of course but I think it will play a role.
Click to expand...
Well, as per one of my posts above, all that it takes for it to be in the bubble and not found is for nothing to come up identifying it as Raxxla. Which is actually how it really should be - how would your ship’s systems know that the body you’ve just scanned is Raxxla? (Assuming that Raxxla is a body.)

Personally I doubt Col 70 as a location, given that it’s already tied in to Thargoid (and Guardian) stuff, and hasn’t been permit locked all along. It’s also a strange location for anything really major as it goes, given the strange shape of it due to all the unlocked regions inside it. (Which in fairness could actually also make it a better candidate as it’s a less obvious target for something compared to, say, Regor.)

Something else going on with Polaris too, IMHO. Maintaining a standard level of obfuscation of in-game history across different sections of the playerbase would be a good reason for locking Polaris, for example. Having said that, there’s no reason it couldn’t be serving multiple purposes of course.

Also, the time of the earliest references doesn’t necessarily have much bearing on location. There’s nothing to say the references are based on Raxxla itself being found.
Last edited: Feb 7, 2019
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein