Jorki Rasalas
May 12, 2022
#26,213
Emperor said:
Good thought on the toast being from the view of the system itself... not considered that before....

"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!"

But how do you work in the other words... the Jewel is on the brow of "the mother of galaxies" and how is the "whisperer in witchspace" if it's a white dwarf?
Whisperer was a bit of a stretch; was going to google this, but IRL got distracted, since whisperer& siren are more often ascribed to Pulsars/Neutron Stars. Gaia (Sol faction), in greek myth as mother of Uranus (the sky, where all galaxies are located) is the mother of galaxies, so a WR seen from Sol is an obvious (pun intended!) candidate for the jewel.

As Davanix says, maybe we’re supposed to fsd boost at the LAWD 26 primary WD then jump to somewhere which turns into a jump into Raxxla, the WD being the gateway? ...seems a bit thin but thought it worth raising & investigation. It superbly fits MB’s “a tiny little bit obvious” -inverted humour, WR are huge stars and only 22ly from Sol it would be extremely obvious! But I’m open to suggestions/amendments!! Maybe we should boost from LAWD 26 A to Sirius, which as the prime developer of fsd is certainly the whisperer in witchspace and has planet Lucifer- the siren of the deepest void of MB’s favourite book- Milton’s Paradise Lost!

Sirius Corp fits the original book’s “controlled by a cabal of wicked twisted men”.

A factor I forgot to mention in this hypothesis is that, if the Guardians originated in Gamma Velorum, a WR star, then a Guardian arkship (Raxxla?) might have set another WR (LAWD 26 B) as its destination....

Or, as an alternative & remembering the logo, perhaps Raxxla is an asteroid base hidden in LAWD 26 A1’s ring, but without a decent search sensor to locate it! ......

Edit: by the way, this hypothesis would answer Rochester’s question in https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9832975 about that Galnet post; - FD could have been telling us where to look and we still didnt find it ....
Last edited: May 13, 2022
Reactions:
SergMx and CMDR Davanix