Rochester
May 9, 2022
#26,206
clavain said:
Yup, same pretty much. But the design mistake they made was not realizing people would do that (and get all the permits before they had a chance to put the planned content in, or find late-game planned permit sectors, etc. etc.). And I suspect (but have no proof) that something along these lines is what pooched the Raxxla missions and made them irrecoverable without major time and investment (and/or they realized how quickly those missions might lead to finding Raxxla, and that that would be a Bad Thing(TM) for the game and narrative.)

But yeah, they have definitely sucked at communications. I personally liked the news and finding hints that way and the like, and was very sad to see it (and the player-contributed news also) go away. That was pretty much when I stopped playing, other than my brief comeback for the launch of the latest mess.

Ah well, I'm sure they'll sort it out, it's only been what, ten years now and they haven't?
Click to expand...
Certainly a little telling, as prior to launch DB talked about Sag A when questioned of if players could get there and what they may find.

His response was telling because firstly he thought it too far for players to get to, and too boring. So it tells initially they wrongly perceived players intent and ability.

When I set out I found many, many far off sectors visited and mapped, some somewhat obsessively. Much later (or recently) I returned to the bubble and as a test circumnavigated the exterior of bubble, just below its meridian and found hundreds of undisclosed systems.

It also potentially shows their own interest, likely being focused on near to Sol content within the bubble, which maybe why later many felt the galaxy was ‘empty’.

Note how much of the Guardian and Thargoid narrative content is relatively close to the bubble.

Because technically outside the bubble it was empty as FD maybe focussed all their seeding within or directly around the bubble. That would tie in with their ‘we got it wrong’ / ‘follow the missions’ concept.

That same statement also identifies that FD did not identify any differences between ‘in game and accessible’ eg you can travel there in your ship, and ‘in game but not accessible’ as in its only viewable in the galaxy map. As that’s how DB responded to the question.

Logically if we restrict ourselves to the bubble and only follow system relevant missions, does something reveal itself?

Certainly Permits ought to be by definition a very obvious opportunity for mission relevant content, but ultimately once achieved they offer very little in reward, unless we’re not looking correctly, or not interacting with the smaller factions.

I recently obtained a secondary account and started afresh, intended only to follow the missions… except I found they only offered marginal rewards which fed back into the urge to ‘grind’ and if there was any ‘grand tour’ element I surely missed it, or more likely, simply got distracted by something shiny.

The new save, which was focused within the bubble, ironically allowed me to discover many of the already found mysteries (gen ships etc), as I eventually fell into old exploration ways, focusing on uninhabited sectors and had filtered out all other habitats.

In all I believe the original mission dynamics have been either overwritten or diluted over time, as in many systems I found myself pigeon holed up against high paying combat goals and a lot of illegal activity. Certainly the original concept of following the missions is I presume now long dead, or only served the purpose of sending you to a system with mystery (within the bubble) but sadly I saw no driving force, no chain of evidence…so again likely FD probably expected players to spend more time in these systems digging about, rather than zooming off to the middle of nowhere.

I’m very aware I’m spending less time playing ED and more time waffling in this thread…. I apologise if I stream of consciousness, I do find the ideas in this thread very stimulating. Sadly more so than in game.

Last edited: May 9, 2022
Reactions:
clavain, simulacrae, dysonl and 2 others