Kaya Michiyu
Oct 30, 2017
#907
Edelgard von Rhein said:
That is the penultimate waypoint of my current expedition ( https://forums.frontier.co.uk/showthread.php/364376-Journal-The-Aronnax-Expedition ). At my current rate of progress, I might get there at some point in January. So far I've not been finding anything 'alien' and no signs of spacefaring activity (e.g. no signal sources). Plenty of Earth-like and Ammonia Worlds and green systems and some interesting vistas, though.
.
I feel that if Raxxla is in a permit-locked location, then it's a permit that is obtainable by some means. Working out how to obtain a permit that no one has ever seemingly met the conditions for would be no mean task. I do wonder if there's a clue that, if Raxxla is behind a regional permit lock, gives some indication that that particular permit is obtainable. All I can do is record the 'Unable to hyperspace to this system.' text for each region and see if there are differences. I also note that regional permit-locked systems have capitalised sector names, although I haven't checked this for all regions yet; something else to do, although that doesn't require visiting the borders of each region.
.
A much more awkward possibility: could Raxxla move? i.e. could it be like Jaques' station, which used to move at regular intervals? It could be hiding on the fringes of systems in the core worlds, 100kls away from the jump-in point or more, and probably no one would ever find it - and even if they chanced upon it then it might be gone before they could go back and verify it.
.
I don't think Raxxla will be found by accident. I think it's been placed or set up in such a way that you have to know both where it is and how to get there before you can find it. Don't stop looking, though! If no one looks, it will certainly never be found.

Some very good points, I am inching more towards the moving object rather than permit locked, which could explain the lack of clues and why it's not found yet, moving objects are really hard to find after all