killbot_2000
K
May 31, 2021
#23,548
MrShinyTorterra said:
I think I might found a possible location for Raxxla theoreticly. It's in sol on planet 9 (Persephone). The planet itself was only detected later. It sais in the codex:
"To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witch-
space, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of
our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!"

Ignore the most part of that except The parent's grief, the lover's woe.
In mythology she gets kidnapped by Hades and her mother is super sad, parents grief. She has her history of bringing sorrow to her lovers, the lover's woe. So checks out. Might be at the poles or something.
I don't have a Sol permit. Also would explain the dude looking away when showing sol on a stream. Don't know what stream tho so if someone has a link to that let me know.
Click to expand...
still not convinced that saying has anything to do with the location. its a toast. why would it reveal the location of the most secret thing in the galaxy. additionally its a saying by the faction LOOKING for raxxla. not the people that know where it is... and when you read into it it comes across as just that a toast ABOUT the SEARCH for raxxla.

To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! ------ kind of ambiguous and probably the only interesting part of the toast as mother of galaxies is pretty specific.
To the whisperer in witch-space, ---------raxxla is the thing that whispers in witchspace.
the siren of the deepest void! ----------- raxxla is the siren of the deepest void.
The parent's grief, -----------raxxla is the parents grief. causing the parents children to die searching for it. or something else sinister.
the lover's woe, -------------the same as above. just like the submarine called "the widowmaker" many things have been called similar. just means itll kill the lovers partner.
and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. -------------well we are all yearning to find it, that much is clear.
To Raxxla! ------to raxxla. they are just cheering to raxxla as anyone would cheer to anything for a toast. not saying to/to travel to/to make a voyage to..

as much as id like to believe the toast is a clue it makes no sense that it would be given the toast is made by the dark wheel. a faction as i said that is searching for it. not hiding its location.

if it was as simple as taking the 6 lines and figuring out whatever constellation/star system/planet they referred to then raxxla would have been found years ago. the teams dedicated to exploring and searching the galaxy like the canonn research group and other people have done FAR FAR FAR more complex puzzles and found stuff before. code breaking. audio decryption. hidden websites. the list of puzzle mechanics goes on. 6 reference points from a well know toast? even if they did lead towards a beacon with a code the beacon would be public knowledge by now..

kind of a downer post i know. but a little reality check is often needed to get people searching in the right direction.

i
Reactions:
clavain, Vetinari, yelboc and 6 others