Crimson Echo
Feb 2, 2021
#20,864
The similarity to the astronomical symbol for sol (as used in orbital mechanics etc) and the center circle and dot of the raxxla symbol is uncanny. DB seems to be rather the Astronomy fan (presumably anything raxxla needed to be approved by DB, and the similarity to the sol symbol would not be lost on him. So it is likely intentional) , and the game pays special attention to get the constellations near earth correct. The practical utility of astronomy is navigation. From ancient times all the way up to the jet and space age tracking stars has been critical to long range navigation. Typically bright or otherwise usefully located stars where used. The Pioneer space probes used pulsars in a similar fashion to denote earths location. The game was prevented from adding non-real pulsars/neutrons to the area around sol.

The people developing the raxxla mystery seemingly likely do not do so in a vacuum. Popular media both modern and historical related to space and aliens would presumably not escape their study. Media like Contact, 2001, Mass Effect, Star Trek and Stargate could have very easily shaped the dev's approach to raxxla.
Think like a Vegan: 2D image that is really a aspect of a 3d or higher dimensional construct/representation. (hexagon=cube? etc)
Dial the Gate: 6 reference points plus a point of origin (presumably sol?) to compute a location in space. (the other black shapes vaguely resemble chevrons like on the gate). (particular references yielding a location/direction.)
Ancient Alien Anthropological Observers/Ancient Caretaker Civilizations like to Litter: Systems near sol with Earth-likes (that many or may not a look like a forest near Vancouver or a desert near Hollywood...)(or ancient mars-likes in light of the fossils discovered on mars) were probably also of interest to these ancient civilizations. These civilizations tend to litter a lot.(Stargates, Mass Relays/Protheans, Monoliths, Mars fossils, Guardians Ruins). Space Odyssey series spoilers: (on something of a side note the Monolith's supervisor Monolith was ~(469-500) ly from sol (can't remember if the signal was sent in 2001, 2010, or 2063, but the response at light speed was due in 3001) and would make one really awesome easter egg if fdev put it in game.)
Earth/Humanity is Special: A reoccurring idea in lots of sci-fi. In Trek humans did in 100 years what it took vulcans 500 years to do. The SGC gets to be allies with the Asgard, and use their tech to build BC-304s leapfrogging even the tech level of the Tolan and Gould's because even in several galaxies worth of planets earth is special or something. When humans are writing the story earth and humans get to be the heros and take center stage even if that is rather improbable from an objective perspective.

Conjectures:
The Raxxla symbol indicates sol is important, and that there are reference points we need to identify. (possibly 3 nearby, and 6 more distant. Possibly stars, pulsars, or extra galactic objects.)
Searching systems like sol and surrounding systems that harbored sentient or semi-sentient life is worthwhile as there may be leftover 'litter' around. This included the old worlds and their various tree grubs etc.
Establishing a base line for NPC builds, spawns, and behavior in a wide range of conditions including active missions and cargo carried by the player. (Trading beacon missions spawns, and rare cargo like sap8, trinkets, and antiquities seem reasonable places to start.) Due to the semi-random nature of the npcs a large sample size will be needed to reach concrete conclusions. We need to be able to identify atypical npc/mission board/uss spwan/surface poi behavior and determine what the source or the behavior is.
Getting into the Dark Wheel is important, and involved something the player actively does outside of typical mindless a to b activities. This may include reacting to NPC attacks correctly or very effectively.
Any graphical hints in game will be very simple (like well defined points of light, and not volumetric or complex) and robust so as to not be subject to variations in screens, resolution, or graphics hardware/drivers/options. Imagine the uproar if the consoles could not ever find raxxla due to their graphics settings.
Pure Tinfoil:
Semi-automated optical surveys of important systems via screenshot post processing to look for parallax or stars not visible on the galaxy map interface might be a useful tool. Voice attack or similar could make taking the screenshots via the 3rd person free camera mode in a consistent manner much easier, but it could be done manually.
Raxxla is probably withing say 5000ly of sol. It is probably hard to get to so as to not be stumbled upon. It would be hidden from normal scanners/interfaces, in a nigh unreachable system, or located at an insane supercruise range in a known system.
The (potential) references and location of raxxla correspond to real systems/star/objects.
Polaris seems important enough to a local reference, and Sag A* seems logical for a galaxy wide reference system (but might just serve as the origin). Far out of galactic plane pulsars also seem like good candidates due to added vertical resolution on any location they might point to.
Hidden systems/sectors probably exist in the galaxy map, and can only be jumped to when a player is close enough for the system to show in the left side panel.
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, Vektorboson and Burning_Scull