Merlin StWahgwaan
May 26, 2020
#16,775
Plaid_unicorn said:
My experience here has been. Great and non judgmental. Even though the things I've brought up have been discussed I was allowed to say my piece, was politely told that it has already been looked into but always encouraging to see for myself.

I didn't see all of your exchange admittedly but I can tell from the later responses it wasn't like my experience. This group is prolly the best on this forum. I hope it doesn't discourage you from continuing to post just know... Some of these folks been at this for a very long time.

Oh ill never be discouraged from posting, dont worry about that, but thank you, and the others on this forum, who treated my opinions and questions with respect, unlike some others. I posted thinking I'd receive the same respect to my questions as other posters, but unfortunately I did not from some posters, it would seem some would rather post nonsense imgs and jokes than treat peoples opinions or ideas with the common decency we treat their posts with, esspecially if it questions their personal opinions or assertions.

And im appriciative of their "very long time" experience, but when someone questions somthing, its not appropriate to tell them somthing you cant or wont back-up in any way, and say "believe me or dont".

ANYWAYS, its been dropped a while ago now, dont want to talk about it anymore, the rest of the posters on here im sure dont want to read it anymore.

Again thanks for trying to make sure I was not dicouraged from returning to post in the future.

Im out and about in-game today, if anyone has a system ideas to check out but doesnt have the time, ect. Im all free and more than willing to follow up on any ligit ideas, other than that, ill just be floating around chasing NPCs working on my Combat rank at CNBs. In the Mobius PVE only if someone wants to join in, I have my own private group for exploration if someone wants to go for a jog somewhere too, lol.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420