Thatchinho
Apr 14, 2023
#29,971
R3aktor said:
For clarification.. What do you mean about what I want?
It was in reference to this:
R3aktor said:
for me as a new participant in this forum ,it would make things much easier if there would be finally a consensus about what's lore and what's not.
(With my apologies for it not being clear what I was referring to in the previous post.)

R3aktor said:
I know some people might think that chosen individuals shouldn't have like God level knowledge.
It’s more that in many ways it’s a game that’s about not being the chosen one.
R3aktor said:
I guess it's up to higher forces to decide who is chosen to have and who isn't.
You wouldn’t believe the number of complaints and accusations there have been about higher forces only giving knowledge to their chosen ones. Largely completely baseless and untrue in most cases of course.

R3aktor said:
I don't believe in alternate realities, cause I believe in existence of one reality.
Sure, but in the context of games or other works of fictions, generally they all have their own separate fictional realities. Obviously many series are set in the same reality, but Elite isn't quite a series in that sense, as Elite and ED are each set in their own similar but distinct realities.
R3aktor said:
That's like the questions If time travels are possible. Even if traveling in time backwards the time traveler would move forward in time.
It's in an interesting topic!

R3aktor said:
I am still working my way into the lore. The answers I got here were helpful to me to know how I can handle the lore in future.
The important things to know for me at this moment is if
a) is the lore relevant?
b) which of the lore is probably especially relevant for the search
c) does FD already have setted up everything to be explored or is FD using player theories to build the lore.
In that case that could mean even every nonsense theory could become lore.
Probably very similar to what @Han_Zen has already said on these but:

a. generally speaking it's very much a shades of grey answer, not a yes or no.

b. hard to say without knowing.

c. also very hard to say. I've often wondered if FD have either had to, or chosen to adapt things based on points made in discussions on the forums. What I can say is that yes they have absolutely built some player originated stuff into the game. None of the stuff I'm aware of is in any way obviously related to Raxxla, but that's not to say there couldn't be non-obvious links.

This doesn't mean any nonsense theory could become lore though, they've generally been quite selective, and they do have rules about it, for example in the allowable names and descriptions of Player Minor Factions. There also used to be player submitted Galnet articles at one point, but the overheads involved meant they had to be stopped, and it's fairly likely that a major part of that was to do with ensuring lore consistency and accuracy.
Reactions:
R3aktor