CMDR Zulu
Dec 11, 2019
#13,942
Just an update. Winking Cat related of course.

I already mentioned my theory on Winking Cat being related to this whole thing and how I believe the 31 August incident predicted the Golconda.

Going over the previous incident on 14 February I realized two other disappearances were possibly predicted by this theft.

He stole a Rembrandt and Guernica. Within the next two days Talitha Ambrose (the next day iirc) went missing as well as the Lucifer device (either the same day as Talitha or the following day).

Rembrandt (the first painting stolen) did an etching called “Christ raises Jairus Daughter” during this miracle Christ said “Talitha Koum” or Talitha Rise. Talitha Ambrose disappeared along with her 300billion credits. Later she’s found alive and gives us a false narrative after being “debriefed” by fed intelligence and says (probably truthfully), she wishes to do charity now. A new lease on life so to speak. Rembrandt also dies poor if I’m not mistaken reflected by the Ambrose loss of all their money.
The Lucifer Device went missing next. A weapon of warfare. Guernica is very much an anti warfare painting, and features a strange light bulb thing in it that some assume represents technology being the path to peace. What followed was the whole children of Tothos thing where Barnabas Cole preached about bringing people to Tothos’s light. There’s no deity named Tothos. All you get from searching is Todos. Spanish for “all” or “everyone”. Guernica and Picasso were Spanish. Tothos was said to reside between the stars.

I refuse to believe the fed narrative about what happened at Archambault. It wasn’t destroyed and players that landed there only noticed some services were unavailable.

I believe I had the time frame flipped. 2 days of the mystery being solveable with 1 day of it not. So 14th Feb was the “closed” window the art must have been stolen the 13th. 15th Open Window (Talitha Goes missing as predicted) 16th Open Window (Lucifer Device goes missing). 17th closed. That’s the pattern I believe that is represented by the dotted lines in the logo. Black Areas mean not findable, green areas mean its findable for two days.

Now where to search? This is the hard part. I believe it’s circulating and spiraling up and down the galactic plane on the outer rim of the core worlds around a fixed point. I doubt it’s Sol (look up Omphalos Syndrome to understand why). I believe the best way to discover this is by searching areas in the opposite directions of community goals. I’m working on my centerpoint theory and hoping by finding that the search will be easier.

One of the Diamonds said to have been housed in Golconda was the Koh I Noor (the mountain of light). It was said that it was like looking into a black hole. So perhaps we’re looking for something that at first glance appears like a black hole. Also there’s a cool dome in the Golconda fort that amplifies acoustics. Looks cool. Might not be related but if you decide to look into it, it’s interesting.

End Rant.
Reactions:
Rick6549, [PS4] Filthymick420, Han_Zen and 4 others