Jorki Rasalas
Mar 23, 2024
#33,692
@Ian Doncaster Thanks Ian...hadn't spotted PASS! (Edit PASS as in permit/KEY)

@Rochester your mention of Starship One and Sheela na gig made me reread my notes and do some googling:

Starship One: After the Starship One sabotage (May 26, 3301) carrying Federal President Jasmina Halsey (& formerly Federal Ambassador to the Alliance) undertaking an outreach tour of current and former Federal frontier systems, including HIP 53688, Tinia, Aleumoxii, 78 Ursae Majoris, Dietri, Su, Furuhjelm I-645, Saga, Delphin, Nanomam, Coriccha, and Ross 860; other destinations were planned, but their names were withheld from the media for security reasons.

There was 24May3301 Galnet Post reported by @simulacrae about an unscheduled Starship One route diversion...after a meeting between Halsey and Mahon on 78 Ursae Majoris ... Halsey made a change in the flight plan and headed towards Azaleach...but got blown up en route.
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8819129

Some of the thousands of escape pods later recovered from the Lyncis Sector by independent pilots contained Starship One survivors, including Jasmina Halsey.
Starship One's destruction transformed Halsey. Presumed dead for months, Halsey was found alive in her escape pod, & placed in an induced coma while she recovered from her injuries. On April 4, when asked by the media about what it was like to be adrift in space for so long, she stated,
"It was wonderful. Amazing. I saw the universe, and our galaxy within it, as I'd never seen it before, and I felt the presence of the real caretakers of our galaxy. The paradox of their existence – tiny yet gargantuan, fleeting yet eternal. They spoke to me as I drifted in the void. It was amazing. I must share their message."
She later issued a public request for exploration data from across the galaxy to substantiate her claims of meeting "the true architects of creation" and being shown "the infinities of the cosmos", data which later resulted in the discovery of the ruins of the lost "Guardian" civilization
In response to various allegations ("they say that what I experienced is an archetypal conversion story, and that makes it suspect? If what I saw reminds people of historical accounts, doesn't that say something about those experiences?") and Fleet Adm Vincenti defence council claim of her mental incompetence Halsey provided medical documentation from reputable Alliance doctors confirming her sanity.Amid a period of intense scrutiny and controversy over her mental well-being, Halsey announced plans to give up Federal politics and relocate to Alliance space in July 3302.

MB's Legacy novel: As a girl heroine Julia Cavus grew up without toys with a single possession, a book “about a young man’s quest to save a princess from an alien dragon” locked alone each day in the tiny family cell while her parents slaved in the mines. Julia as a girl “dreamed of being the first pilot to discover Raxxla”She hoped to keep her Eagle as she’d grown accustomed to its idiosyncrasies...”whether it was a suitable ship for travelling all the way to Alliance space was another matter”.


So, IMHO MB's apparent antagonism to Alliance was just intended to as a hint towards it (I remember his facial expression in one livestream when talking about carrying certain illegal objects and Alliance space, can't remember which vid offhand and battery down to 3%, not yet showered & dog needs his walk)....the clue from the novel suggests that Raxxla is in Alliance space..matches up with the Halsey move to Alliance space. Her visions were discussed as a potential religious experience -i.e. Paradise Lost. I think the bit about Guardian ruins is obfuscation. Must look at Azaleach and the other named systems in relation to Alliance space....

Edit
Battery down to 2%!
Azaleach is Independent, Sheela na gig is Alliance!!!
Last edited: Mar 23, 2024
Reactions:
SpaceGoblin and Rochester