Jorki Rasalas
Mar 22, 2024
#33,684
Rochester said:
Orion isn’t truly part of the text, it’s utilised only once to my memory in association to describe an on coming storm, because that constellation position in our sky used to be associated with inclement weather.

The Miltonian model, does not extend outside the bubble. To my knowledge.

There are indications - in my opinion - that might identify certain focal points ‘might’ align with certain exterior locations, but there are no direct relationships, only a visual alignment with a very low level of reliability. I could speculate these could have been part of some archeological narrative markers?

I would consider that the reference to “Legacy” is another clue, likewise with regards to the reference to a unique burial method, in the tour, might be intended to direct our attention to Brookes book ‘’.

Again the Codex could be hinting towards Legacy in regards to the reference to a ‘’.

There likely is some element in that book towards kick-starting a route towards uncovering Raxxla, to date other than some potential references to the triple deity Artemis, Demeter etc. I’ve not been able to decipher any more.

Although an enjoyable read, it is rather dry and filled with minutiae seemingly trivial details, a lot of the data too might be inaccurate, eg various systems / ship elements don’t exist - at minimum this might be because it was written very earlier than launch, but Brookes was obviously immensely intelligent, and had a sense of humour so I would not rule out he inserted something into the book. So it’s a strong candidate still in my opinion.

Again there is always the issue that we are over thinking elements, or certain aspects we’ve identified are archeological. FD could have inserted certain aspects after-the-fact, to mitigate broken links!

Remember the hypothetical garden design, if correct is likewise evidence of very ‘obvious’ clues having existed in game from the outset that everyone has been totally complacent about.

Granted one does require ’eyes to see’!
Click to expand...
From the Codex "some Raxxla seekers insisted that the story's author had cunningly concealed facts about the mysterious locale in his book as hints for those with eyes to see" - I still think that means the name of the system containing Raxxla/Omphalos Rift is a sub anagram of "Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars" (since the only thing we have of that book is it's title!).... that would fit as a clue and I think would also match MB's and DB's sense of humour (IMO impish to the point of Machiavellian). However it doesn't help us because there are hundreds, if not thousands, of subanagrams which could match bubble system names. I did explore that hypothesis but gave up after I'd identified over a hundred system names.

I think if we are going to get anywhere with this puzzle then we need to identify the likely region of space for Milton's "Heavenly Gate", we might then try matching possible system names within that region to see if they are possible sub anagrams to help reeuce the initial search space.

I think it is possible that MB's Legacy might contain clue(s), but on reflection I think it's unlikely, since he did say explicitly "FD did look at a story involving Raxxla, but felt that was a story that should be played out in game rather than as a novel”, and he clearly spent a lot of time matching ED's cosmology to Milton's. Have you put your Milton theory data into a 3D viewing app?
Reactions:
simulacrae and selbie