Thatchinho
Mar 2, 2018
#1,880
Jaiotu said:
More obvious would be operating The Dark Wheel in Shinrata Dhezra as a "front" and using it to garnish information without having to do the legwork. You don't have to search the galaxy for Raxxla if you can convince all the would-be explorers to drop their data on your doorstep in hopes that gaining allied status with the front organization might yield some significant clue regarding the galaxy's biggest mystery.

We have to remember that the conversation in which Rebecca hints that The Dark Wheel minor faction isn't actually The Dark Wheel first appeared in a work of fan-fiction. It was part of Allessia Verdi's The Children of Raxxla short story. I think that The Children have always considered themselves spiritual successors to Holdstock's Dark Wheel. The existence of this super mysterious organization as just another minor faction certainly is off-putting to a lot of people who feel personally connected to TDW through having played the original game and having read the accompanying novella. Drew took much of Allessia Verdi's The Children of Raxxla and "canonized" it through Premonition.

An important thing to remember when reading any of the official novels is that just because a character says something is so ... it doesn't necessarily mean that they are correct. Characters have limited knowledge or may even be deliberately lying about the knowledge they do have. When the author presents a fact in the narrative we should accept that fact at face value but when the author delivers a fact through the voice of one of his characters we have to consider the possibility that the character might not be 100% correct ... especially in a case like Elite: Dangerous where the on-going in-game narrative might supersede the narrative focus of one of the official novels. If Frontier decides that it has to change a "fact" that was given to the authors while they were writing their books then we have to accept the "new fact" as being correct.

Until (or if) we see if Frontier decides to do something bigger with The Dark Wheel faction I think we can accept the novelization's characterization of the faction as being part of TDW's smoke and mirrors ... but in the game of finding Raxxla we should maintain a close eye on them regardless.

Out of rep.