Han_Zen
Apr 27, 2023
#30,157
Rochester said:
Yes - do feel they are linked, and I am now more inclined to suspect so were the Trinkets. There’s no direct evidence obviously it’s just a gut feeling, but everything considered it feels like an obvious solution.

One could suppose the Trinkets were an initial breadcrumb introduction to the discovery of the Guardians, taking us out of the bubble via the removed missions?

The Relic I suspect is Guardian in origin. If so then the secrecy surrounding it would be applicable as it opens up the hypothesis we are Guardian offspring / experiment / leftover food or simulation so those in charge would have good reason to keep it hidden.

Is Raxxla another relic, or the same relic, is Raxxla the Guardian home world, or any ruin, or their AI?

Or as has been proposed, the DW missions were obfuscation, a wild goose chase that lead nowhere and only hinted at future narratives?

Who knows but I feel it’s one of the most elegant solutions.

My only concern with linking Raxxla to the Guardians or the Relic is it opens up that terrible suspicion of it being part of the 10 year narrative. That is a real concern for me because knowing FD modus operandi it would indicate Raxxla is not accessible, in game but gated.

Considering the alleged statements contrary to the above; I hope that even if some of that might be partly true, that Raxxla is just a footnote, an Easter egg along the path, a milestone or a memorial to Holdstock.

If so it means we can find it. I hope so, the other alternative is I feel far less imaginative.

The Raxxla and DW codex if our interpretation is correct would strongly indicate it likely is discoverable.
Click to expand...
I think Raxxla is discoverable, but is very hard to find. Like a player ship in normal space, after the drop wake has expired. You have to know quite exactly where it is, to find it.

Many hints suggests that Raxxla is obfuscated / cloaked / a ghost world. It would surprise me if it shows up on scanners at all. At least until we are very close.

The Mars relic could well be a relic of the exiled Guardians. The only thing we know of them yet, is that they had AI implants and were evolving rapidly. Their rapid evolution and disappearance from Guardian history makes them prime candidates for the role of ancestors, to the Caretakers.
These guardians would have had plenty of time to visit planets and make technology. They were roaming the galaxy before the first humanoids made fire on earth and long before homo sapiens even existed.

FD probable have plans for us to learn more about these beings. What we learn may increase the ods of finding something that is practically invisible
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Rochester, simulacrae and 1 other person