Rochester
Apr 27, 2023
#30,156
simulacrae said:
Interesting - I know ive watched this a few times but a while back... MB mentions the Martian alien artifact (about 10:21) in the context of other sentient species in the galaxy and says he hopes to reveal a little bit more about it in the future. Seems to me that he is indicating it is Guardian since that is how things have played out. My only issue is - why wasnt the connection brought forward when Guardians were "Discovered"- an, oh by the way in Galnet saying ya we found this bit a while back on Mars... and ya turns out it is related to these Guardian chaps... But they didnt.... So i guess it still leaves the potential for something else...
Yes - do feel they are linked, and I am now more inclined to suspect so were the Trinkets. There’s no direct evidence obviously it’s just a gut feeling, but everything considered it feels like an obvious solution.

One could suppose the Trinkets were an initial breadcrumb introduction to the discovery of the Guardians, taking us out of the bubble via the removed missions?

The Relic I suspect is Guardian in origin. If so then the secrecy surrounding it would be applicable as it opens up the hypothesis we are Guardian offspring / experiment / leftover food or simulation so those in charge would have good reason to keep it hidden.

Is Raxxla another relic, or the same relic, is Raxxla the Guardian home world, or any ruin, or their AI?

Or as has been proposed, the DW missions were obfuscation, a wild goose chase that lead nowhere and only hinted at future narratives?

Who knows but I feel it’s one of the most elegant solutions.

My only concern with linking Raxxla to the Guardians or the Relic is it opens up that terrible suspicion of it being part of the 10 year narrative. That is a real concern for me because knowing FD modus operandi it would indicate Raxxla is not accessible, in game but gated.

Considering the alleged statements contrary to the above; I hope that even if some of that might be partly true, that Raxxla is just a footnote, an Easter egg along the path, a milestone or a memorial to Holdstock.

If so it means we can find it. I hope so, the other alternative is I feel far less imaginative.

The Raxxla and DW codexes are if our interpretation is correct, strongly indicating it likely is discoverable.
Last edited: Apr 27, 2023
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, simulacrae and Han_Zen