Rochester
Aug 21, 2020
#18,484
Transformed in show, but more transformed in mind

More thoughts on the links between Greek myth and a possible meaning of the relationship between Donars Oak and Delphi.

To clarify there is no real information here to indicate that Donars Oak is any sort of clue, but what if it were, what follows next is simply an attempt to find a common link.

On a whole both germanic and Greek cultures do have a conjoined ancesty, which goes way back to the proto-Indo-European area. There are many simularities (which I wont go into here) but I think Donars Oak and Delphi in ED is a deliberate clue and given its proximity, combined with some of the historical references here I feel it realistically probable the commonality is something to do with Hercules.

Tinfoil at ready.

Hercules clubs and Donars Clubs.

Roman historian Cornelius Tacitus (AD 56 – c. 120) mentions a special affinity of the Germans for 'Hercules': "they say that Hercules, too, once visited them; and when going into battle, they sang of him first of all heroes".

Hercules clubs were also a form of pendant not just an actual big stick, in the Germanic history there is some connection for these also being called 'Donars clubs'.

Hercules' Club (amulet) - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

We then have Frigga (Odins wife / mother goddess) who has a star constellation named after her - Friggs Distaff. Commonly known as Orions belt (Hurcules belt) which was named so as it spins through the sky (spiraling stars).

Within the Greek myths of Hercules, he visits the Oracle at Delphi, named as: Xenoclea, the Pythia, whom he goes to see after pushing someone off a wall or other...you know what he was like... Xenoclea, wasn't too happy about that and to make matters worse old Hercs pinches her tripod, like that wouldnt make things worse!

Anyhow all of that nonesence was responsible for Xenoclea deciding to enslave Hercules to Omphale (Omphalos) and thats when he ends up spending some time in a frock holding Omphales distaff!

This is referenced in Philip Sidneys Arcadia - where he's depicted holding a distaff as part of a rather fetching and bejewelled broach that belongs to Pyrocles (troubled with fire) whos found in a wood (grove) near mount Maenalus.

"a very rich jewel, the device whereof...was this: a Hercules made in little form, but set with a distaff in his hand (as he once was by Omphale’s commandment)".

Mount Maenalus has a star constellation: Mons Maenalus (a modern / forgotten constellation introduced by Johannes Hevelius in Prodromus Astronomiae (1690)).

The constellation straddling Mons Maenalus is Bootes, close by is Serpen and Orion.

Mons Maenalus - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org
Mainalos

The mountain took its name from a character in Greek mythology. Maenalus, eldest son of Lycaon, king of Arcadia, its also sacred to the god Pan who frequented it.

The same mountain is mentioned in H P Lovecrafts 'The Tree' which is set in Arcadia ' Lovecraft being a favourite of MB.

Boötes Void - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

Bootes is also home to the Bootes Void (the great nothing). Arcturus, designation α Boötis is the brightest star in the constellation of Boötes.

Intersting note Xenoclea also attends the Castalian Spring after dealing with Hercules, this is situated in a ravine between the Phaedriades at Delphi, where the Pythia had a quick wash before the oracle-giving business kicked off.

Edit: The Pythia has links to Rhea?

Ever wonder why Ishtar, Cybele, Rhea, and other aspects of the Great Goddess ride lions?
In a recent post, we discussed the rising constellation Leo in the evening sky, prior to midnight. The Lion will be seen in a vertical ang...
mathisencorollary.blogspot.com

The constellation Serpen is also adjacent to Mons Maenalus and Orion (dragons again).

Roman poets regarded this mount as a source of poetic inspiration.

Philip Sidney references it in Astrophil and Stella: "You that do search for every purling spring. Which from the ribs of old Parnassus flows".

"The waters of Parnassus” (Castalian Spring) also known as Philanthropia.

According to some mythological versions it was here that Apollo killed the dragon, Python, that guarded the spring, and that is why it was considered to be sacred!

One other path of inquiry was 'groves'.

Norse myth was centred around nature, not physical structures or deities. Thors Oak or Donars Oak may have been a nice big tree but its more likely to have been a nice big tree within a grove, and it would have been that place not the object which was considered sacred.

Within Pembrokes Acrcadia, groves pop up all over the place...especially where young Pyrocles is concerned?

Is there a path of alignment from Delphi to Orions belt? Is this a route to find Raxxla?

Is the constellation Mons Maenalus of some similar importance?

Hercules’ Club: Zanthoxylum Clava-Herculis....is a type of thorny bush. Another word for a thorny bush could well be Törnqvist or Törnquist or Tørnquist is a surname of Swedish origin. The word can mean"Thorn twig" or "thorn branch".

Pareidolia? Interpretational bias? Probably very likely, but I hope it triggers some thought.

Im currently making a killing in Thornycroft Terminal prior to accending Mons Maenalus.
Last edited: Sep 4, 2020
Reactions:
Djidjel, Han_Zen, John Stoutbeard and 6 others