El Saico
Aug 23, 2023
#31,345
Rochester said:
As above so below a possible triad of goddesses

Whilst looking over my mapping of the ‘Older gods’ and layering them with the path of Brookes Galactic Tours, there is an interesting potential association with a hypothetical triad of goddesses in the underworld.

Firstly we have a suspected association with the Demeter, Artemis and Hecate triad being potentially referenced in Brookes ‘Legacy’ this I presume is allusion to the myth of Persephone. Which in game leads us to the underworld / lost realms area.

The following link shows the ‘older gods’ shown in game:

In the diagram below the first path of Brookes Galactic Tour is shown in relation to these older gods, this path intersects an area surrounded by three female goddesses.



- Celtic goddess, of fertility, also known as Anu and Danu or Don. Shes revered as the mother of the ‘Tuatha Dé Danann’, a race of supernatural beings in Irish mythology (Old Irish: "The peoples of the goddess Danu” aka ‘People of Danann’. Possibly a river goddess too, there exists no direct historical references to Dana but it’s believed she is a call back to Danube, a major European river that Celtic tribes would have followed during their early migrations. Her Roman versions may be Gia or Demeter., but there are no direct associations.

- Norse goddess, of fertility, also known as Freyja. She possesses the Eski a wooden box for personal goods, which she uses to hold the apples of eternal youth, the food of the gods, she resided in Asgard. The apples may also be known as the Apples of Hel; she may also be known as the guardian goddess of the life-giving fruit of the ‘other-world’. Idunn was also abducted in one of the Norse mythologies.

- Celtic goddess, of fertility, horse goddess, linked to the Arcadian mysteries as a version of Demeter. In Holdstock’s Lost Realms she is noted and that King Aurthur rode under the banner of Epona as a moon goddess.
As, in my native Brazil, the Candomblé faith is based mostly on Yoruba practices, I got some other systems to point as well (there's several ways to transliterate those names, making things a bit harder):

Ashe - also Ase or Axé; not an Orisha, but a primordial force that moves the world, given by Olodumaré to everything, even the immaterial.
Yemaia - AKA Yemoya, Yemaya, Iemanjá, you name it; Orisha of water, motherhood and the Moon. Fun fact: my birthday (February 2) is a municipal holiday in my hometown of Porto Alegre dedicated to Our Lady of Navigators, one of Virgin Mary's countless titles. Thanks to Catholic syncretism, Iemanjá gets celebrations and offerings to her on the same day.
Eshu - also known as Esu, Echú, Exú...; Orisha of balance, a trickster and messenger. A complex one, represented by several avatars (called paths) and considered to be the basis for Papa Legba in Vodou. His association with crossroads, combined with his status as a trickster deity, make him strongly (but inaccurately IMO) associated with the underworld.
Oxossi and Ochosi - also known as Oshosi or Ososi, plus others; Orisha of hunters.
Orishala and Orisala - also known as Obatala, Ochala or Oxalá; the eldest Orisha and creator of humankind. As an amusing note, Yoruba tradition holds that he was supposed to create Earth beforehand as well, but he was too drunk to perform it and thus Oduduwa beat him to the punch.

Strange to me is the absence of Ogun, the Orisha of warriors and smiths, as he's a very important one - to the point of being featured in the Shin Megami Tensei series; and of Oshun, the Orisha of prosperity, love and beauty and wife of Shango.
Osanyin, the Orisha of herbs and medicine, could not be found either - but this one has way too many spellings even for Orisha standards so I've likely missed it.
Reactions:
Rochester and Edelgard von Rhein