CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Aug 23, 2023
#31,346
El Saico said:
As, in my native Brazil, the Candomblé faith is based mostly on Yoruba practices, I got some other systems to point as well (there's several ways to transliterate those names, making things a bit harder):

Ashe - also Ase or Axé; not an Orisha, but a primordial force that moves the world, given by Olodumaré to everything, even the immaterial.
Yemaia - AKA Yemoya, Yemaya, Iemanjá, you name it; Orisha of water, motherhood and the Moon. Fun fact: my birthday (February 2) is a municipal holiday in my hometown of Porto Alegre dedicated to Our Lady of Navigators, one of Virgin Mary's countless titles. Thanks to Catholic syncretism, Iemanjá gets celebrations and offerings to her on the same day.
Eshu - also known as Esu, Echú, Exú...; Orisha of balance, a trickster and messenger. A complex one, represented by several avatars (called paths) and considered to be the basis for Papa Legba in Vodou. His association with crossroads, combined with his status as a trickster deity, make him strongly (but inaccurately IMO) associated with the underworld.
and - also known as or , plus others; Orisha of hunters.
and - also known as , or ; the eldest Orisha and creator of humankind. As an amusing note, Yoruba tradition holds that he was supposed to create Earth beforehand as well, but he was too drunk to perform it and thus Oduduwa beat him to the punch.

Strange to me is the absence of , the Orisha of warriors and smiths, as he's a very important one - to the point of being featured in the Shin Megami Tensei series; and of , the Orisha of prosperity, love and beauty and wife of Shango.
, the Orisha of herbs and medicine, could not be found either - but this one has too many spellings even for Orisha standards so I've likely missed it.
Would this be similar to the Anima Mundi or "world soul" concept? Many of the Triple Deities / Cthonic Deities were in essence the "world soul" of that particular mythological system serving to bridge the divide between new and old, life and death, seasons, etc. Additionally, many of them had huge domains of control: Sea, Earth, and Sky.

There are good reasons the only goddess feared by Zeus was Hecate or Nyx. The darkness is many times more powerful than the light (because darkness is required to form light - see stellar evolution cycle). For all of Zeus' power, he wouldn't be king of the Olympic Pantheon if it weren't for his brother Hades, Hades' wife Persephone, and either Hekate or Nyx all allying with him. I get the feeling that The Dark Wheel holds a similar place in the Elite Universe. This is all the more true if Peregrina is what I feel it might be.
Last edited: Aug 23, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae