Rochester
Aug 23, 2023
#31,353
Darrack said:
Also bare in mind that the Danube was the centre of our creation story (for us Druids) as told in 'The Ever Living Ones', this is where our great tree was formed.
All of life spread out from there.
Rivers have a huge place in our hearts as they are the gateweay to the afterlife (or true realm depending on your view), so water is both the beginning and the passage to new realms.
I still believe all pagan gods are the same (im of Irish pagan belief) just with different names.

O7
I am still mapping Holdstocks book, picking it apart analytically, this is a little time consuming seeing as I’m in the middle of a house re-build / side note the upside is I’m aiming to convert my basement into a modern games room! (Potentially might get myself a new PC, and finally upgrade my backers LTP to Odyssey). Any way - rivers are important!

Apart from the obvious historical associations; in Holdstock’s book - Lost Realms, rivers are identified as pathways or portals, as well as mountains and or hills.

As I’ve mentioned previously, many of these Holdstock realms are duplicated in game, but the author of these in game systems (Brookes and/or Stroud?) have injected additional similar alternatives, only adding to the cacophony of realms, and some of these are referencing sunken lands (eg Atlantis or Ys). So yes the sea, water or rivers do flow through these realms.

Interestingly enough these realms (so far) are abutting against the lowest part of Yggdrasil, they don’t ‘merge’. This I find interesting because one of these Norse mythological systems Jotunheim is itself described as an ‘other-land’ on the edge of the world.

This ties in with Holdstock’s imaginations and further (I feel) establishes the area between them as being of some import. I hope to find more time to complete these maps as there is a significant gap and it will, I am certain, further establish this hypothesis and potentially help identify further information.
Last edited: Aug 23, 2023
Reactions:
Darrack and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian