Jorki Rasalas
Jul 26, 2023
#30,956
Rochester said:
It's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves.

The following tin-foil is my attempt at reconciling three main theories of mine, Yggdrasil; John Milton; and the Underworld, and in so much, I now do believe they all correlate, and to a certain degree answer at least some part of the Raxxla codex.

*special thank to @Jorki Rasalas for bringing additional insight and uncovering various ingenious insights which theirs go much deeper.

Yggdrasil overview:
There exists a series of systems named after the Norse cosmological tree, either depicting named deities, realms, places and runes. All are focused within a sphere of influence tied to the date 2296, set by Achenar.

Certain systems are outside this area, most notably within the southern celestial sphere close to Pandemonium (capital of Hell) and a system Axis Mundi.

Close to this Pandemonium are other systems directly named after the locations in Greek mythological underworld. Including an interesting system name Persephone.

Other deities linked to Persephone and her story of being abducted to the underworld exist in game, namely: Demeter, Helios, Hecate and Artemis. These however are not within close proximity, yet all fall within the projected 2296 sphere of influence.

When viewed together Yggdrasil seems to sit above the Greek underworld.

When viewed in relation to these Greek mythological systems, certain Yggdrasil systems seemingly correlate.

Demeter (harvests/change) = Hagalaz (potential and renewal)
Helios (sun) = Dagaz (sun)
Hecate (passage to underworld) = Nastrond (passage to underworld)
Hecate (crossroad / passage ) = Hel (travel to underworld)
Artemis (companion of Persephone) = Michael Brookes ‘Elite Legacy’ as it mentions Demeter.

This potentially identifies at least three correlations with could link the theory of Yggdrasil to that of the in game greek underworld.

It is my assessment that these correlations are actually a reference to the journey of Persephone to the underworld.

We now look to the Greek underworld in game, specifically around Persephone, and there also appears several systems either named directly or with a similar theme, to those which are either sunken lands, cities of gold and mythic lost lands.

The Codex and how it relates

“”

Drawing a line from Tau Ceti to the furthest discovered system upto 2296 which was Achenar, builds an area or sphere of influence, this encompasses the Yggdrasil systems; Pandemonium sits neatly at its southern pole, much of the Greek underworld and the sunken, mythical lands are either inside this area or on its outer rim in the lower celestial hemisphere around the Greek underworld.

I believe the earlier PF/DW missions which alluded to the song of the spheres and upon the outer rim, where a direct reference to this alignment, the author taking inspiration from John Milton’s Paradise Lost.

The identification of Tau Ceti I believe also acts as a reference point.

“


Cora is in my opinion an allusion to Kore aka Persephone.

However Persephone did not get drunk nor tell tales about pirates. However, Demeter, Persephone’s mother did.

It is my assessment that these segments of text in the codex regarding Tau Ceti and Cora are actually a reference to the journey of Persephone to the underworld.

The next segment of the codex shows: “”.

Now that we have established a potential solution to the first part of this codex text, and a potential location the next segment actually aligns perfectly.

In and around Persephone are several systems named after sunken kingdoms, the cities of gold and mythic lost lands.

The next segment of codex text states: “”.

Within this defined area of an ‘underworld’ are two systems, Axis Mundi and Hyperborea - land of founders of the Apollo shrines at Delphi.

The omphalos rift within the codex I believe is another reference to this area defined by the codex.

When we accept the potential correlation with the Demeter, Hecate, Helios, Artemis with Yggdrasil, and the Codex text along with the alignment of Demeter and Persephone, as well as the definition of an area involving cities of gold, sunken lands and an axis mundi etc we effectively are pointing directly to this ‘underworld’ area,

I would also go so far as to now also include Artemis as the source reference for ‘Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars’ children’s book.

Artemis is the home system for Michael Brookes Elite Legacy, within it there is a ship called the Demeter, this I propose is enough to link it to the above hypothesis given its relative proximity. Within Elite Legacy Brookes does reference a ‘child’s story’. The overall context is still an unknown except for Artemis being yet another spacial clue, or a red herring.

:
I do not know where next to go, nor can I solidify the first elements of the codex but I am certain we have a solution to part of it.

I would go so far as to presume we are actually looking at .

The first is the construction of the systems. I propose that those are the remnants of a narrative scaffold which is no longer in game, this I believe was actually the architecture for Michael Brookes PF/DW Missions, which were effectively removed circa 2017 for reasons yet unknown.

I believe Brookes built the Raxxla narrative right into the game. But it was then paused.

The following inclusions of the stations in the system of Delphi prior to the introduction of Codex, was itself around this same time circa 2017 and by the roll out of that content, I presume in line with the release of the Codex. I presume as a retconning and the establishment of a big clue for us to look at Axis Mundi and Yggdrasil.

This then informs the assumption that FD removed an original Raxxla narrative from game, but one which , utilising these Yggdrasil systems identified above., which now I hypothesis are redundant.

Then circa 2018 the codex was built. I presume the of the original narrative, yet greatly simplified - albeit mythicised into an elegant metaphorical map, negating the need for building any additional new content but essentially is the same content, just minus the story.

Where is Raxxla. Somewhere in or something which leads to it, is close to this ‘Underground’ area.

There exists other anomalous architecture in and around this underworld area, which I believe further identifies this area as a hot spot. Namely that of the journey of Jacques, and the Trinkets of Hidden Fortune, which again I believe originally were part of an archived narrative, no longer relevant to Raxxla.


This unified tin-foil theory is based upon the below findings and diagrams.

The Primum Mobile, Yggdrasil and the Silent Song of the Spheres, wandering upon the outer rim?


Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven


Mythic lost land and the underworld


Cities of lost gold
Yes, I said long ago that MB’s “it's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves” could be a reference to the journey through life to death and this is clearly referring to the journey down to the Underworld. One of many hints...I think his tattoo was all about this journey through death and the Underworld to Redemption (not that I’m expecting Raxxla to be Paradise, remembering DB’s chortle when he said “but you don’t know what it is” I suspect it may not be at all pleasant!).

Small correction: I believe the old E/F missions disappeared before 2017 & probably early in 2016. V1.5 Patch Notes General Fixes/Tweaks said they had been restricted to Shinrarta. I started playing in October 2015, had got first Elite and SD permit in 2016 but never found any of those missions.

A reference I found talked about “The Axis Mundi as a perceived centre of the world, where Heaven and Earth are connected. This concept is also known by other names, including the ‘world tree’, the ‘world pillar’, and the ‘cosmic axis’”. So Axis Mundi might be seen as a link between Yggdrasil and Underworld theories.

Think you’ve forgotten to mention Asphodel, which is only a few LY away from Axis Mundi in-game. In Greek legend the asphodel is one of the most famous of the plants connected with the dead and the underworld. Homer describes it as covering the great meadow, the haunt of the dead. It was planted on graves, and is often connected with Persephone, who appears crowned with a garland of asphodels.

WRT the Codex’s Astrophel children’s story: MB in his novel Elite Legacy said the heroine Julia had as a child a single possession, a book “about a young man’s quest to save a princess from an alien dragon”. I’d just point out that from Christian mythology in Revelations Satan, who inhabits the Underworld (Hell), appeared as a Great Red Dragon who was defeated by Archangel Michael and cast down from Heaven. This dragon seems to me to be shown in MB’s tattoo, though some have said it’s a figure from Lovecraft’s mythos.

Trinkets of Hidden Fortune are clearly linked to Fortuna the in-game goddess and also to TDW. This was I think part of the deleted (though perhaps it was just simplified?) Raxxla narrative.

I mentioned recently the possibility of a link between the Black in Green tourist beacon and the Raxxla myth since there is a report of a female explorer having a “good lead on Raxxla”. From Wikipedia Black and Green authored a significant reference work on Ishtar, who was related to the Demeter-Persephone Underworld myth. Luxury passenger missions are very rare. The explorer Augustus Brenquith is discussed at length in the tourist beacons, including “Astrogator holidays range from cruises around groups of local systems, to the more extreme, and Astrogator Extreme holidays carry the image of the legendary explorer Augustus Brenquith. The holidays tend to include extreme, and frequently quite dangerous, activities in distant locations, like atmospheric wave-riding, volcano diving and magnetic surfing. Trusted intrepid pilots take these adventurers 'to the edge' for 'life-changing experiences'”. IMHO this is part of the original narrative involving TDW as a bunch of intrepid adventurers. Green in Black is around 20 kylies so its another long journey and could be the TDW test that we have discussed in the past..perhaps on successful completion of the mission you don’t get (wouldn’t have got?) TDW membership per se but a hint to Raxxla’s location? Though I suspect that image of Augustus is fluff since nobody has ever reported seeing it...perhaps removed as being too revealing?

I’m currently investigating a hypothesis based on Rochester’s Underworld theory, but nothing to report at the moment.
Reactions:
Macros Black and Rochester