Rochester
Jul 25, 2023
#30,954
It's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves.

The following tin-foil is my attempt at reconciling three main theories of mine, Yggdrasil; John Milton; and the Underworld, and in so much, I now do believe they all correlate, and to a certain degree answer at least some part of the Raxxla codex.

*special thank to @Jorki Rasalas for bringing additional insight and uncovering various ingenious insights which theirs go much deeper.

Yggdrasil overview:
There exists a series of systems named after the Norse cosmological tree, either depicting named deities, realms, places and runes. All are focused within a sphere of influence tied to the date 2296, set by Achenar.

Certain systems are outside this area, most notably within the southern celestial sphere close to Pandemonium (capital of Hell) and a system Axis Mundi.

Close to this Pandemonium are other systems directly named after the locations in Greek mythological underworld. Including an interesting system name Persephone.

Other deities linked to Persephone and her story of being abducted to the underworld exist in game, namely: Demeter, Helios, Hecate and Artemis. These however are not within close proximity, yet all fall within the projected 2296 sphere of influence.

When viewed together Yggdrasil seems to sit above the Greek underworld.

When viewed in relation to these Greek mythological systems, certain Yggdrasil systems seemingly correlate.

Note: Other Greek gods are present in game, but noticeable not all, centred within the upper celestial sphere, within the sphere of influence (2296), noticeably Cronos is the only one rightfully in the underworld, only those gods noted in this post seem to have a correlation with Yggdrasil systems, all other Greek gods don’t. There is the possibility such a theory is just pattern bias?

At most the placement of Greek gods would identify intentional placement, specifically within the upper celestial realm as with Yggdrasil and the lower underworld, signifying a specific division into heaven and hell.

It is further evident the placements are intentionally as certain god systems have shared relationship with neighbouring systems eg Poseidon a water gid is relatively close to Ahti another sea god!

Below are the Greek gods with a potential relationship with Norse Runes:

Demeter (harvests/change) = Hagalaz (potential and renewal)
Helios (sun) = Dagaz (sun)
Hecate (passage to underworld) = Nastrond (passage to underworld)
Hecate (crossroad / passage ) = Hel (travel to underworld)
Artemis (companion of Persephone) = Michael Brookes ‘Elite Legacy’ as it mentions Demeter.

Note Apollo and Artemis (siblings) are relatively close together.

The potential alignments above identifies then at least three correlations which could link the theory of Yggdrasil to that of the in game greek underworld theory.

It is my assessment that these correlations are intentional, and actually Michael Brookes originally inserted these as a reference indicating the journey of Persephone to the underworld.

We now look to the Greek underworld in game, specifically around Persephone, and there also appears several systems either named directly or with a similar theme, to those which are either sunken lands, cities of gold and mythic lost lands.

The Codex and how it relates

“The earliest recorded mention of Raxxla dates from 2296, from the journal of Art Tornqvist a shipboard mechanic based in the Tau Ceti system”

Drawing a line from Tau Ceti to the furthest discovered system upto 2296 which was Achenar, builds an area or sphere of influence, this encompasses the Yggdrasil systems; Pandemonium sits neatly at its southern pole, much of the Greek underworld and the sunken, mythical lands are either inside this area or on its outer rim in the lower celestial hemisphere around the Greek underworld.

I believe the earlier PF/DW missions which alluded to the song of the spheres and upon the outer rim, where a direct reference to this alignment, the author taking inspiration from John Milton’s Paradise Lost.

The identification of Tau Ceti I believe also acts as a reference point.

“He writes: 'Cora comes home soused
and raving with wild stories, a new one every night. She claims she's found a map to some pirate stash, and all I have to do is loan her my ship so we can go dig it up. Maybe we should go find Raxxla while we're at it!“

Cora is in my opinion an allusion to Kore aka Persephone.

However Persephone did not get drunk nor tell tales about pirates. However, Demeter, Persephone’s mother did.

It is my assessment that these segments of text in the codex regarding Tau Ceti and Cora are actually a reference to the journey of Persephone to the underworld.

The next segment of the codex shows: “It is extremely difficult to find consistency among the various fragmentary rumours of Raxxla. Much like the ancient myths of Atlantis, El Dorado and the kingdom of Prester John”.

Now that we have established a potential solution to the first part of this codex text, and a potential location the next segment actually aligns perfectly.

In and around Persephone are several systems named after sunken kingdoms, the cities of gold and mythic lost lands.

The next segment of codex text states: “Several versions of the Raxxla story mention an alien artefact, the Omphalos Rift”.

Within this defined area of an ‘underworld’ are two systems, Axis Mundi and Hyperborea - land of founders of the Apollo shrines at Delphi.

The omphalos rift within the codex I believe is another reference to this area defined by the codex.

When we accept the potential correlation with the Demeter, Hecate, Helios, Artemis with Yggdrasil, and the Codex text along with the alignment of Demeter and Persephone, as well as the definition of an area involving cities of gold, sunken lands and an axis mundi etc we effectively are pointing directly to this ‘underworld’ area, I propose this solidifies the two hypotheses together.

I would also go so far as to now also include Artemis as the source reference for ‘Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars’ children’s book.

Artemis is the home system for Michael Brookes Elite Legacy, within it there is a ship called the Demeter, this I propose is enough to link it to the above hypothesis given its relative proximity. Within Elite Legacy Brookes does reference a ‘child’s story’. The overall context is still an unknown except for Artemis being yet another spacial clue, or a red herring.

Conclusion:
I do not know where next to go, nor can I solidify the first elements of the codex but I am certain we have a solution to part of it.

I would go so far as to presume we are actually looking at 2 separate iterations of the same directional clue.

The first is the construction of the Yggdrasil systems. I propose that those are the remnants of a narrative scaffold which is no longer in game, this I believe was actually the architecture for Michael Brookes PF/DW Missions, which were effectively removed circa 2015/16 for reasons yet unknown.

I believe Brookes built the Raxxla narrative right into the game. But it was then paused.

The following inclusions of the stations in the system of Delphi prior to the introduction of Codex, was itself around this same time circa 2017 and by the roll out of that content, I presume in line with the release of the Codex. I presume as a retconning and the establishment of a big clue for us to look at Axis Mundi and Yggdrasil.

This then informs the assumption that FD removed an original Raxxla narrative from game, but one which was already written and built in game, utilising these Yggdrasil systems identified above., which now I hypothesis are redundant.

Then circa 2018 the codex was built. I presume the codex is a redux of the original narrative, yet greatly simplified - albeit mythicised into an elegant metaphorical map, negating the need for building any additional new content but essentially is the same content, just minus the story.

Where is Raxxla. Somewhere in or something which leads to it, is close to this ‘Underground’ area.

There exists other anomalous architecture in and around this underworld area, which I believe further identifies this area as a hot spot. Namely that of the journey of Jacques, and the Trinkets of Hidden Fortune, which again I believe originally were part of an archived narrative, no longer relevant to Raxxla.

Tin-foil archive:
This unified tin-foil theory is based upon the below findings and diagrams.

The Primum Mobile, Yggdrasil and the Silent Song of the Spheres, wandering upon the outer rim?
Thread 'The John Milton conundrum'

Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven
Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'

Mythic lost land and the underworld
Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'

Cities of lost gold
Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
Last edited: Jul 28, 2023
Reactions:
Han_Zen, Macros Black, John Stoutbeard and 3 others