CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jul 26, 2023
#30,958
Throwing this out there because it contextually gives a better idea of the area we are dealing with and I have to do a shout-out to the lore team. The entire thing is masterpiece in environmental storytelling.

Arcturus is settled in 2304. It is but 36.71 LY from Sol. From all appearances, colonies of the Federation got a good start with the Federal Founder's but slowed considerably thereafter. In fact, most of the immediate neighborhood of Sol looks to have been corporate systems for resource extraction. Realistically, at the time of 2296 I essentially see the Federation being limited to Sol and the Founder systems.
The Tau Ceti Art Tornvquist logs have an unexpected gem in them:
Cora comes home soused and raving with wild stories, a new one every night. She claims she's found a map to some pirate stash, and all I have to do is loan her my ship so we can go dig it up. Maybe we should go find Raxxla while we're at it!
FROM THE JOURNAL OF ART TORNQVIST, CIRCA 2296
Let's be clear: Art Tornvquist was not a ship mechanic but a captain. He owned his own vessel. Yes, it says he was based out of Tau Ceti. That doesn't, however, mean it happened near Tau Ceti itself. In fact, I would be willing to bet it happened near Achenar or Facece. The rationale: Colm Tornquist at the Imperial Herald reporting on Allied Facece Order incident in Facece. There is also the matter that in "Birth of an Empire" Galnet we are told:
"Marlin Duval vowed to get as far from Earth as she could, and after a long and treacherous journey across what was then unexplored space, most of the convoy eventually reached the Achenar system."
It appears that Tornvquist (and soon to be Tornquist) was part of the convoy to Achenar albeit a bit of a potential later straggler.
That leaves the great anomaly: Capella with the following notable places: Nobleworld, Duval's Grave, Lawrence's Grave, Gold, Molotov's Claim, and station (Coriolis) Darkesport. It would appear that Marlin Duval did not die in Achenar contrary to reports. Marlin Duval died in 2296. Her death is somehow wrapped up in Raxxla.
Last edited: Jul 26, 2023