Rochester
Jul 26, 2023
#30,957
Jorki Rasalas said:
Yes, I said long ago that MB’s “it's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves” could be a reference to the journey through life to death and this is clearly referring to the journey down to the Underworld. One of many hints...I think his tattoo was all about this journey through death and the Underworld to Redemption (not that I’m expecting Raxxla to be Paradise, remembering DB’s chortle when he said “but you don’t know what it is” I suspect it may not be at all pleasant!).

Small correction: I believe the old E/F missions disappeared before 2017 & probably early in 2016. V1.5 Patch Notes General Fixes/Tweaks said they had been restricted to Shinrarta. I started playing in October 2015, had got first Elite and SD permit in 2016 but never found any of those missions.

A reference I found talked about “The Axis Mundi as a perceived centre of the world, where Heaven and Earth are connected. This concept is also known by other names, including the ‘world tree’, the ‘world pillar’, and the ‘cosmic axis’”. So Axis Mundi might be seen as a link between Yggdrasil and Underworld theories.

Think you’ve forgotten to mention Asphodel, which is only a few LY away from Axis Mundi in-game. In Greek legend the asphodel is one of the most famous of the plants connected with the dead and the underworld. Homer describes it as covering the great meadow, the haunt of the dead. It was planted on graves, and is often connected with Persephone, who appears crowned with a garland of asphodels.

WRT the Codex’s Astrophel children’s story: MB in his novel Elite Legacy said the heroine Julia had as a child a single possession, a book “about a young man’s quest to save a princess from an alien dragon”. I’d just point out that from Christian mythology in Revelations Satan, who inhabits the Underworld (Hell), appeared as a Great Red Dragon who was defeated by Archangel Michael and cast down from Heaven. This dragon seems to me to be shown in MB’s tattoo, though some have said it’s a figure from Lovecraft’s mythos.

Trinkets of Hidden Fortune are clearly linked to Fortuna the in-game goddess and also to TDW. This was I think part of the deleted (though perhaps it was just simplified?) Raxxla narrative.

I mentioned recently the possibility of a link between the Black in Green tourist beacon and the Raxxla myth since there is a report of a female explorer having a “good lead on Raxxla”. From Wikipedia Black and Green authored a significant reference work on Ishtar, who was related to the Demeter-Persephone Underworld myth. Luxury passenger missions are very rare. The explorer Augustus Brenquith is discussed at length in the tourist beacons, including “Astrogator holidays range from cruises around groups of local systems, to the more extreme, and Astrogator Extreme holidays carry the image of the legendary explorer Augustus Brenquith. The holidays tend to include extreme, and frequently quite dangerous, activities in distant locations, like atmospheric wave-riding, volcano diving and magnetic surfing. Trusted intrepid pilots take these adventurers 'to the edge' for 'life-changing experiences'”. IMHO this is part of the original narrative involving TDW as a bunch of intrepid adventurers. Green in Black is around 20 kylies so its another long journey and could be the TDW test that we have discussed in the past..perhaps on successful completion of the mission you don’t get () TDW membership but a hint to Raxxla’s location? Though I suspect that image of Augustus is fluff since nobody has ever reported seeing it...perhaps removed as being too revealing?

I’m currently investigating a hypothesis based on Rochester’s Underworld theory, but nothing to report at the moment.
Have corrected the DW date* knew I’d missed something, wasn’t sure.

RE Asphodel - it’s covered in the reference threads, and I generally count that as part of one of the key Greek underworld systems. But @Jorki Rasalas is correct, it is a central link to establish the underworld theory as solid, as those fields are at the centre of the underworld, and very close to Axis Mundi.

*great work

Liking the continuation of dragons as a theme. The dragon(s) of the Delphi myth, the references of St Micheal fighting the serpent is also represented in Micheal Brookes Saxon shield design, likewise that same design featured a ‘heavens gate’ similar to his tattoo, an obvious Christian/Catholic symbolism reference there.

There’s also the Dragons of Nastrond faction, which has a controlling faction in M Brookes system Ross 788, again another potential link towards Yggdrasil.

I also believe Brookes Elite Legacy was likewise referencing those trinkets of Hidden Fortune, as they are described as cargo pods containing keepsakes; within Legacy a key character dies and with no body for a service they initiate a traditional spacer burial where a cargo-pod was filled with keepsakes / nick-nacks.

Sadly FD confirmed via a ticket and Dev insight in this thread, that the Trinkets although connected to the story of the DW were ‘paused’ possibly to be turned back on at a later date, but were essentially a ‘curiosity’ at most. In that regard not accessible and likely part of a redux narrative.

Again I believe Michael Brookes Elite Legacy is the reference to the ‘child’s story’ and if the discussed spacial alignment concepts were not the only clues within it, it likely holds a great deal more metaphorical information.

@Allen Stroud what pray tell is your opinion of these concepts?
Last edited: Jul 26, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae and Jorki Rasalas