Jorki Rasalas
Jul 26, 2023
#30,959
Ok, I’m getting frustrated...again.

I think the target system is Hecate. Ive come to this hypothesis after reading @Rochester’s Underworld theory and seeing how tightly the systems therein are grouped-that can’t be accidental.

If you read
Triple Goddess (Neopaganism) - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org
and
Hecate - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

You’ll see:
Hecate was the three-faced goddess of crossroads & boundaries, key holder of gateways, had rulership over earth, sea, and sky, as well as a more universal role as Savior, Mother of Angels and the Cosmic World Soul, she was protector of travel and of the crossroads (“trivia” - "three ways"), realms outside or beyond the world of the living. Chthonic and nocturnal character led to her transformation into a goddess heavily associated with witchcraft, witches, magic, and sorcery(whisperer?). Hecate was the "original" and most predominant ancient Triple Moon Goddess (maiden/mother/crone, crescent moon/full moon/ dark moon, Lucina/Diana/ Hecate, had realms of heavens/earth/underworld, she was the muse of all true poetry). Some say that Lucina is the goddess of birth, Diana of growth, and Hecate of death. In Lucan's work (LUC. B.C. 6:700-01), the witches speak of “Persephone, who is the third and lowest aspect of our goddess Hecate".Graves explained, "As Goddess of the Underworld she was concerned with Birth, Procreation and Death. As Goddess of the Earth she was concerned with the three season of Spring, Summer and Winter: she animated trees and plants and ruled all living creatures. As Goddess of the Sky she was the Moon, in her three phases of New Moon, Full Moon, and Waning Moon...(i.e. Luna- Jewel on brow of Mother (Gaia) of galaxies). As the New Moon or Spring she was a girl; as the Full Moon or Summer she was woman; as the Old Moon or Winter she was hag." Graves said the triad to be Kore, Persephone and Hecate with Demeter the general name of the goddess.

Hecate system is controlled by Simguru Pranav Antal who said “Sol is the birthplace of our race, the shining jewel of our galaxy” in Galnet 14jun3301. I think that was a clue from MB, the first part of the breadcrumb trail. It was pointing at Sol as the Jewel. Now if you consider Sol then the main faction is Mother Gaia. The jewel on the brow (i.e. above) Gaia (the Earth but also the original Mother Goddess, creator of the Universe) is Luna, the Moon. And the Goddess of the moon is Hecate...
So jewel on the brow-Hecate
Whisperer in witch space -Hecate
Siren of the deepest void (she controlled the gates to the Underworld) - Hecate
Parent’s grief and lover’s woe (death of a child/lover) - Hecate
Desire of vagabond hearts - Hecate in the Demeter/Persephone journey.

So IMHO Hecate matches all parts of the Toast.

Han_Zen pointed out a while ago that the Raxxla logo resembles Hecate’s Wheel. The Greek name for that wheel was Strophelos. Now “Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars” sounds like “ A strophel(os) and the Spiralling Stars”. I’ve pointed out before that asteroids are wandering stars. So asteroids orbiting in a planetary disc could be considered to be “Spiralling Stars”; they might also resemble a whirling Strophelos!

There is a strangely-phrased tourist beacon TB0039 “Jewelled Rings” on Hecate 5A which says “Commander Canonn extols the amazing views within the icy rings of this moon”, however 5A hasn’t got any rings!! In fact none of Hecate’s moons have rings! Hecate 4 and 5 are visible from this TB, so it’s possible it’s talking about those. However IIRC MB put the TB into game and he was pretty precise with his phraseology. So is TB0039 just obfuscation? I’ve spent two days looking for navel (“omphalos”, which are often nowadays adorned by jewelled rings)-shaped features on 5A surface and checked out a few craters, but found nothing.

So most of the logo is addressed by Hecate. What about the dotted hexagon...well a hexagon has six sides and Hecate 6 has an icy planetary disc, so I think it’s indicating that Raxxla is hidden among the asteroids of Hecate 6 A Ring. Now that ring has outer and inner radii of 88,579 km & 26,985 km, which I think means a search area of around 22,362 million sq km!!! That’s not interesting gameplay! I’ve flown over it in SC but seen no visual features to suggest possible localised search areas. I have dropped into it a few times but ditto. Planetary rings are much better than asteroid clusters for hiding things! They have also been in-game from the outset and dont need Horizons for surface landing.

Anybody got a scanner that can detect Raxxla?
Last edited: Jul 26, 2023
Reactions:
MrSuction, simulacrae, Han_Zen and 3 others