Jorki Rasalas
Dec 6, 2022
#28,252
Comandante said:
Crikey. I never thought I'd see the day and have to admit to being slightly upset in reading your post. You Raxxla folk are a great inspiration, even if I do only lurk at this thread mainly due to having nothing to contribute. However, I completely understand and share your pain, if it helps (it doesn't).

They won't say anything and although I have no proof, believe it to be behind ultimate-goal unlock - all the Elites (what, now 6?) to max-level (currently IV, expecting it to increase to at least X in the next year) plus all the unlocks, plus... Who knows?

Starfield is something I am really looking forward to. I mean, A LOT. Would love to meet up in it but we'll have to wait if the modders can create a mod for that

Old duck is a big fan of X4. Might be worth heading over to the off-topic game forum and get some ideas.

Sad to see you feel defeated. However, I cannot believe we're this many years into the game with NOTHING to show. Not even a hint.

Give it some time and your mind will work in the background and you'll come back refreshed.

My biggest gripe is MB's "... make it a tiny bit obvious" comment. Tiny?! Just HOW tiny, exactly?

Quite frankly, I don't know how you folks keep going. Must be the Onionhead...

Carry on Raxxla'ing!
Click to expand...
Well, you can’t get tinier than a black hole- a singularity in spacetime. That is at the heart of my current theory, and several previous.

I’m strongly beginning to feel that Raxxla is indeed the end-game, & not just a pure Easter Egg; the lack of a visible storyline to it and FD’s total silence on the matter prods me in that direction of thought! I suspect the old E/F missions were part of that storyline but FD decided in 2016 to make it the end game instead...Since Raxxla is alien-related the end game might not be until the Guardian AI (or rogue human AI or...) turn up. Since we are currently 7 years into IIRC a 10-year game plan, then as a 70 year old I fully expect to be dead by then!

(RIP Kirsty Alley and Christine McVie!).