Jorki Rasalas
Dec 6, 2022
#28,243
Comandante said:
Crikey. I never thought I'd see the day and have to admit to being slightly upset in reading your post. You Raxxla folk are a great inspiration, even if I do only lurk at this thread mainly due to having nothing to contribute. However, I completely understand and share your pain, if it helps (it doesn't).

They won't say anything and although I have no proof, believe it to be behind ultimate-goal unlock - all the Elites (what, now 6?) to max-level (currently IV, expecting it to increase to at least X in the next year) plus all the unlocks, plus... Who knows?

Starfield is something I am really looking forward to. I mean, A LOT. Would love to meet up in it but we'll have to wait if the modders can create a mod for that

Old duck is a big fan of X4. Might be worth heading over to the off-topic game forum and get some ideas.

Sad to see you feel defeated. However, I cannot believe we're this many years into the game with NOTHING to show. Not even a hint.

Give it some time and your mind will work in the background and you'll come back refreshed.

My biggest gripe is MB's "... make it a tiny bit obvious" comment. Tiny?! Just HOW tiny, exactly?

Quite frankly, I don't know how you folks keep going. Must be the Onionhead...

Carry on Raxxla'ing!
Click to expand...
I wouldn’t say I’m defeated, just getting quite bored! Which I cannot imagine is FD’s intention!

In any endeavour there has to be some feedback to make it enjoyable...and there clearly isn't wrt Raxxla. No feedback, nothing, zilch, nada, nowt. The postulated Raxxla storyline is noticeable by its absence; we have found no clues to any such storyline, never mind the storyline itself. A storyline would have been enjoyable! Searching blindly for something (we know not what) has been fun, based on the fun element of the theories involved and the camaraderie of this thread. So I feel, at the moment, let down. Especially since the Thargoid war seems to be the be all and end all. I gather from recent YT that FD have said if the bubble falls then Colonia will fall. After spending quite some effort moving my fleet to “safety” out there, so that was nugatory effort. As I say, gameplay has to be enjoyable for a game to be worth playing.

It’s a shame because I still feel ED is the most visually beautiful game (well, it was originally and in Horizons, though Odyssey seems very much less). But it’s only a framework for the gameplay, which is the storylines FD implement. An improbably difficult Raxxla puzzle and an overwhelming thargoid menace are no longer appealing IMHO.

I enjoyed playing X2 Terran Conflict, before ai discovered ED. Maybe I’ll put X4 on my xmas present list....

I may well finish off this current line of searching, despite the distances still to go (yorkies are stubborn!) but my plan on its failure (which I was fully expecting ) was for both accounts to head to Colonia, perhaps after Tyko visited The Great Annihilator, which I havent seen yet. But if Colonia is endangered then ... what’s the point?
Last edited: Dec 6, 2022
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard