Louis Calvert
Dec 6, 2022
#28,256
Sunyavadin said:
Whoah, this one frame is something else... full blown jumpscare.
View attachment 336212

Although that video does highlight how Elite has every other game out there beat for "Prettiest server desynch animation"


To answer your question, in my case the details are hazy as it was well back around the time of the great beigification. But if I recall correctly, my ghost planet looked somewhat like this end of the metallic range.




In my case I had just dropped into the system at the star, honked, didn't see any particularly interesting planetary arrangements like nested binaries and the like, so was jumping right out to the next one on the way to my destination. I do wonder if this is a bug they left untouched precisely it leads to these kinds of old spacers' tales.
Would also not put it past them to mean this glitch any time they say "Raxxla is ingame".

Click to expand...
That's really cool! thanks for sharing

hmmm... in the game since the beginning eh?* In the Milky Way... hmmm... would increase chances of seeing it by exploration and doing mission since that's a lot of jumping around...hmmm, a journey everyone has to take for themselves... hmmm*

I have been wondering how long this has been happening for. From what I can tell, people have very, very, very occasionally seen planets in witch space and while they are probably bugs*, it's interesting that it never gets addressed by Fdev in any bug tracker or patch notes that I can see - and it's been happening, as you say, since the beginification. Maybe no-one reports it (can't find anything on the bug trackers) but maybe they do and I just can't find it, would love to know either way.

It does seem to be incredibly rare either way and I can find no common link between accounts, only that it's been happening for many years. Yours is the oldest account I've come across. If it's happened to me I've never noticed it.

As you say, spacer's tales, nice little thing. Maybe it was a bug* and they can't squash it, but who knows.

Anyway, I wonder how many times this happens and isn't reported anywhere? would be nice to collect together some stories of "weird things I saw in Witchspace" and find ways of debunking or getting those bug reports to Fdev so we can remove them for the investigations

@Frankymole that's interesting! I saw a youtube vid of something maybe similar, jumped into witchspace horizontally near a planet surface and it sort of dragged it along with the ship. Clearly a bug that time though


*Disclaimer: I know it's probably a bug, don't at me. I'm just asking questions and investigating ideas, and having thoughts, don't get mad at me.
Reactions:
Sunyavadin