CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 31, 2022
#28,716
cmdr milesred said:
odd things to say

why would Thargoids not want to do everything they can do in order to ensure the safety of a queen?

they are intelligent, sentient beings that apparently live a very long time.
it would be foolish and not beneficial to any species to Not protect their queen/mother
we don't know that they do anything at all with ammonia gas giants
we do know they spend their time away from our view in what we call witchspace. a thing we don't really even know what it is. other than a path we take and cannot derail from once taken.
I picture it as the underside of the carpet we call space, only because they seem to use it like a metaphorical carpet.

and I have mentioned many things about the crashed ones, the large ones not the tiny robot scouts, the ones we visit the ones with the map of all their property.
a person might want to visit a few and inspect them before talking about them.
this is a very common pattern
hence the aggrevating conversations that Thargoids don't exist, or where is the pilot, or what do they look like.
They have been there for a very long time.
I could guess that less than 1% of cmdrs gave any time to research. just because of the afore mentioned conversations from the blind.
Their map tells a lot, yet skipped over by almost everyone.
What the ships are and what they do and what is in them also seems very ignored or missed.

wording, phrasing is important.
even though they are or appear very old, they are children.
Earth interfered with them and now we pay the price for that.

maybe a different analogy is required to see a clearer picture of the insect life as we apparently don't know it.
wrong bug, but think of sand mites. or intelligent ants. capable of total genetic control from what we can see.
AUGenetic Army Ants led by a cicada/mantis momma that has been alive for eons

maybe focus on why they are around Maia and why that nebula is so important to them. why it is a huge part of their equation.
you get to see it every time you jump.

sorry, very off topic imo.
Click to expand...
Been working on that via the bio-research front. To be honest, both Guardians and Thargoids seem to have life forms that they used for resources and modifications to planets/moons. I didn't say Thargoids don't have elaborate social structure with supporting infrastructure. More the case we don't know the degree to which they live in space vs planets vs Witchspace.

We have seen proof of some social structure on Guardians but less so for Thargoids (most of that is still glorified rumors). But there are enough rumors that suggest even Thargoids may have something more permanent this side of Witchspace. Thargoids especially could have long-term bases as their preferred environment allows for much longer lived stars.

The fact the system labeled Soontill and Polaris both are too warm for Thargoids, though, is problematic. Ammonia gas only exists in much colder environments. Maybe 3309 will bring more interesting worlds to explore and new ways to interact with the galaxy. It would be interesting to finally get some vague ideas of what Raxxla might be. Even confirmation of whether Holdstock influenced what it might be would be nice (and to be honest I still have high hopes on that being the case).