Louis Calvert
Dec 31, 2022
#28,701
Jorki Rasalas said:
Incidentally regarding the omission of Mimas from the game...I was googling “DB+Star+wars” yesterday and found this reference
CEO David Braben on Frontier Developments' new HQ, its Jurassic Park Evolution success and the future
Independent games studio behind Elite Dangerous and Planet Coaster has new games on the way
www.cambridgeindependent.co.uk

which gave the interesting quote
“”The first time I saw it was in the film Star Wars, in 1977, and I thought ‘Wow, this is so much closer to those worlds’. My dad described Star Wars as a ‘rescue the princess’ story and I remember getting quite annoyed. I thought ‘No, it’s not: it’s a world and they happen to be rescuing a princess in this world’.”

For David, story and narrative are not the same thing.”
(as if we needed confirmation of the latter ).

Since IRL Mimas resembles the Star Wars “Death Star” and was imaged by Voyager 1 (the Voyagers perhaps as the toast’s “vagabonds”?) maybe Raxxla is a hidden tribute to that film franchise/station? Back to Sol!
Click to expand...
Interesting. Well... I did all that research into Sol and specifically Mimas a while back so that's there if you want to check something

I did look at the Voyager record covers as you suggested, they are the same as the 'real' ones, they're actually pretty well replicated in-game I didn't find anything at all in the Voyager's appearance, position or audio that suggests they have anything to do with Raxxla. Sadly.

Han_Zen said:
When it comes to the Dark Wheel, I don’t think you can ‘find them’. They contact you, when you are worthy.
You have probably been tested or had the opportunity to be tested several times. Not at the level where they reveal their true identity though.
I doubt that is even possible in the game yet.

Emperor said:
TDW --> TDW "dark" station --> Raxxla...?

Whilst I've always harboured thought they are the link and would be cool to find the station anyway... Have I missed something? There's no confirmation in lore they found Raxxla (ED lore not FFE, etc!).

Isn't the current lore they found Soontil but never found Raxxla?
My reasoning is that the Dark Wheel have been looking for Raxxla for centuries. So they might have more 'clues', or they actually have found Raxxla but can't get there... maybe they're not strong enough to wrest it off whoever is using it as mentioned in the Codex and TDW novella, so maybe that's why they 'went public' and started recruiting... There's lots of possibilities.

Dark Wheel is mentioned in the Raxxla codex, and vice-verasa. Nothing is done by accident.

That leads me to...
Shinrarta Dezhra is more important than we remember:
As you'll recall back in 3300 the DW were a minor faction in Shinrarta only, and essentially people had to 'earn' access to have access to them. Since then they've spread out so that's no-longer a condition, but it was true back when all the narrative was being put together.

I think the Shinrarta DW faction is the real one, and always has been, offering jobs to Elite pilots from the secret home system of the mega-powerful Pilot's Federation.
Getting to Shinrarta is a major task. Weeks of work for the super-dedicated, months for some, years for others.
It's close enough to Sol to have been settled early on, only 64ly
It must have been settled (or claimed) way before the PF actually existed, officially 2805. By then Lave was colonised (2412), for reference.
Someone other than the PF must have claimed Shinrarta early on - a group that evolved into the PF, or merged with the PF, more specifically evolved into the EFP
The Dark Wheel are supposed to have existed since "the earliest days of interstellar travel" (according to the Codex).
Therefore, the Dark Wheel existed before the PF, and could have been the ones to claim Shinrarta originally.
Beacon 0251: Much of what the Pilots' Federation does revolves around secrecy; and this has many layers. Within the Pilots' Federation, the Elite Federation of Pilots is even more mysterious and secretive, and at the centre of that is the elusive 'Founders World'.

It is the only system directly controlled by the EFP, and even its location is closely guarded. The secrecy is maintained by the EFP using 'misinformation' - there are a great many rumours of its rough location - and they all contradict each other. Only a select few - the members of the EFP - know the truth.

We're explicitly given a very detailed history of the PF. We're told the PF was a small informal organisation in the early days mostly relating to ship parts. It then grew because of interstellar piracy, the then again later to include lots more services and only in 3100 did it develop the "Elite" ranking system officially, and then began to more rapidly expand and integrate more and more services, creating the powerhouse it is today. All that is secret from the public (we're not the public, the vast majority of the trillions of people in the galaxy don't get to know about Shinrarta, only a few thousand of us actually do, that's a miniscule fraction of the pilots in the galaxy.

Remember the Codex and Galmap and Galnet are part of the Pilot's Federation software that our ships run. We're already special

The Dark Wheel now are a sub-faction of the PF, but they are older than the PF (according to Lyta Crane in the Codex...)

I think we've sort of forgotten how special it was to earn Elite rank and visit Shinrarta for the first time, read all these Tourist beacons (that you won't have had access to within the game before), learn all this incredible backstory about how the PF/EPF are a hidden powerhouse - and you get to work for the illusive Dark Wheel running missions!

I think that meets the spirit of the conditions established in the Codex. That's the narrative of the Dark Wheel - if you like, the sequel to the Dark Wheel novella. We get to play that story now, essentially.

So, my assumption is, there's maybe still something somewhere in Shinrarta that's been missed all these years.... somehow... or at least maybe it'll give some idea of how to contextualise the Raxxla codex maybe, or something...
Last edited: Dec 31, 2022
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian