CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 31, 2022
#28,703
Louis Calvert said:
Interesting. Well... I did all that research into Sol and specifically Mimas a while back so that's there if you want to check something

I did look at the Voyager record covers as you suggested, they are the same as the 'real' ones, they're actually pretty well replicated in-game I didn't find anything at all in the Voyager's appearance, position or audio that suggests they have anything to do with Raxxla. Sadly.




My reasoning is that the Dark Wheel have been looking for Raxxla for centuries. So they might have more 'clues', or they actually found Raxxla but ... maybe they're not strong enough to wrest it off whoever is using it as mentioned in the Codex and TDW novella, so maybe that's why they 'went public' and started recruiting... There's of possibilities.

Dark Wheel is mentioned in the Raxxla codex, and vice-verasa. Nothing is done by accident.

That leads me to...
As you'll recall back in 3300 the DW were a minor faction in Shinrarta , and essentially people had to 'earn' access to have access to them. Since then they've spread out so that's no-longer a condition, but it back when all the narrative was being put together.

I think the Shinrarta DW faction the real one, and always has been, offering jobs to Elite pilots from the home system of the mega-powerful Pilot's Federation.


We're explicitly given a very detailed history of the PF. We're told the PF mostly relating to ship parts. It then grew because of interstellar piracy, the then again later to include lots more services and did it develop the "Elite" ranking system officially, and began to more rapidly , creating the . All that is secret from the public (we're not the public, the vast majority of the trillions of people in the galaxy don't get to know about Shinrarta, only a few thousand of us actually do, that's a fraction of the pilots in the galaxy.

Remember the Codex Galmap Galnet are part of the Pilot's Federation software that our ships run. special

The Dark Wheel are , but they are older than the PF (according to Lyta Crane in the Codex...)

I think we've sort of forgotten how special it was to earn Elite rank and visit Shinrarta for the first time, read all these Tourist beacons (that you won't have had access to within the game before), learn all this incredible backstory about how the PF/EPF are a hidden powerhouse - and you get to work for the illusive Dark Wheel running missions!

I think that meets the of the conditions established in the Codex. That's the narrative of the Dark Wheel - if you like, the sequel to the Dark Wheel novella. We get to play that story now, essentially.

So, my assumption is, there's maybe still something somewhere in Shinrarta that's been missed all these years.... somehow... or at least maybe it'll give some idea of how to contextualise the Raxxla codex maybe, or something...
Click to expand...
For the record, loving this. Shinrarta Dezra has crossed my mind a number of times and it is huge. The gas giants are just far enough to be really inconvenient to go directly looking and it has 8 moons of an unnamed gas giant. Given it is exclusively controlled by The Pilots' Federation they could have something hiding in the far reaches of the system.
Last edited: Dec 31, 2022