Vetinari
V
Apr 11, 2021
#22,839
Its been a bad week in general.

First - the 10% Rewards structure for the CG created salt as easily predicted
Second - the CG rewards were given to players who didnt hit the target. (Enzyme Missiles)
Third - the CG rewards werent given as advertised to players who did hit the target (no experimental) AND had a 'cleaning' fee on top.
Fourth - the CM & non official-Discord update
Fifth - the second time the CM & non official Discord update
Sixth - the clarification on non-official Discord update that actually gave the correct code

I know I mentioned that last one 3 times but that was 3 separate occasions they didnt communicate here on the forums with official and game-changing updates let alone the CG ones. Fool me once...

Its just the icing made of salt on the cake for the lack of comms in general on these forums. Theres a dedicated community here that would just like to be treated the same as other communities. Good to hear that Reddit got 250K subscribers, mentioned on the last LS I watched pre-Alpha release, but that isnt their official forums, this is.

And to top it all they rely on the Mods to communicate and release the CG info in the first place. Mods do an excellent job but are volunteers and get given incorrect or incomplete info in some of the CGs and have to deal with the questions and the backlash, thats not their job, Frontier have paid staff who should do that role instead of seemingly taking advantage of Mods goodwill and good nature. When was the last time you heard Frontier publicly thank their Mods for all their unpaid work?

And yes Im salty, its coz I love the game so much, if I didnt like it I wouldnt care or be here but right now I feel like a Star Citizen backer and I know DB cares so much about Elite but something has gone drastically wrong somewhere and this particular episode has just done me in and spoiled the best event Ive ever been involved in in my time playing. Nuff said.

Back OT - yes it turns out that apparently POI dont show in asteroid fields when FSSing. I need to check whether zooming on that particular belt doesnt show it or whether just when it resolves all of them in one go and you happen to be on the wrong one. Ill update when I know if nobody else does. But does mean DW station or Raxxla clue could be hidden in plain sight, even in the bubble, in well explored and mapped systems. Nothing wrong with that I just wish I knew earlier thats how it worked.
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and clavain