Vetinari
V
Apr 10, 2021
#22,832
[PS4] Filthymick420 said:
I'm glad this thread that used to be about sharing ideas has now become a keep secrets from each other thread and one can speak for many about what "we" want posted in it.

/s

I made a polite request and an 'impolite' request a few pages back is all, I was obviously requesting not ordering as I have no right to order anyone what and what not to post and made it into a joke so nobody was offended, or tried to anyway. Im not censoring anybody. I can censor myself if need be. If I see the word Odyssey in a post Ill skip it no problem like I do with the 'New Posts' page I just look at the forum its in and dont even read the title if its in Odyssey Alpha Forum. Or I can close the thread and come back in a few months if its a problem. So far people have been kind enough to play along and not discuss it here. Its just this is my favourite thread and there is a whole forum for Alpha discussion so I would be disappointed to have to close it, like I have many others.

I do not speak for anybody but myself and think most people realise that. It was purely a request for me personally, not 'we' or, shudders, 'the community'.

On a more serious note its highly unlikely that anything in Alpha has anything to with Raxxla so it will be confusing for new readers in future and may even lead to urban myths which we then have to debunk repeatedly for years to come which we all must surely get tired of.

'I have secrets now' was a joking thread by another poster about something in Alpha thats more than likely a bug or something unrelated, a post I found quite funny, but again thats just speaking for me personally and how I read it.

Only the Mods decide what is acceptable and whats not according to forum rules, certainly not me. I appreciate people playing along but have no right to 'expect' it or 'demand' it of anybody.

So apologies if it annoyed you or you feel I was trying to force my POV on you, it wasnt intended that way at all. Peace
Reactions:
TrillClinton, Jorki Rasalas, Exekrator and 1 other person