Thatchinho
Apr 10, 2021
#22,835
Jorki Rasalas said:
Mmm, you’re more easily satisfied than me mate! I’ve always been a voracious reader, mainly of SciFi and detective thrillers; plots must make sense!
If a ship goes off on a journey she should have a destination (even a woolly one if its an exploration trip!). Sending Adamastor to a LP, fuelled for just that distance, was IMHO very clumsy. FD should understand that in-game events need to make sense (even if it’s not all apparent at the time). If she wasn’t heading for a base beyond the LP then she was just going to an LP to get news that she could have got by staying in Chukchan, so there was no reason for the journey! I’m still convinced I read somewhere that she was heading for a secret base, though that may have been in a Site 23B message-(some of) the group being emergency evacuated to a secret Azimuth Biochemicals base? That could have been in Chukchan I suppose.

I miss MB! Events seemed much more polished in his day, though the occasional coding error crept in (e.g. the inconsistent UA ship diagramming). These illogical plot lines are beginning to spoil the game for me.

Edit: ok, so I’m a lover of Lavian brandy, good wine, dark chocolate AND an obsessive compulsive!
What’s wrong with that?
Click to expand...
While they could arguably have just got the destination directly in Chukchan, there’s lots of crew on a megaship, and people talk. Keeping the actual destination secret from the crew until part way into the journey makes a lot of sense - it’s to ensure the actual destination doesn’t get somehow leaked.

That makes perfect sense to me.

And going in the BL direction initially means that anyone who gets the initial flight plan will think the ship is heading to a destination in that direction, and won’t think it’s going to the Coalsack. I think that’s getting very well demonstrated by the fact that people are convinced that the Adamastor was going to something in the BL direction. The deception demonstrably worked.


The secret base stuff is just a conclusion loads of people jumped to.

What was said in the logs from the Coalsack site was that Carver had been told that the Adamastor was going to transport them to a secure facility.

There was never anything to say the secure facility wasn’t in Chukchan, that was just an assumption.

Even if the secure facility was somewhere else, that’s then to do with where the Adamastor was going after the Coalsack, not before.

And there’s nothing to say that if there was a secret secure facility at the point that it would still be round in a discoverable form now.


It’s probably best to bear in mind with all this that it was basically a new team doing it, it was their first puzzle event, and was new to a lot of them, and really the best way to consider it is as a pilot event.
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas, Vetinari, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person