Ian Doncaster
Jun 24, 2024
#34,299
Jorki Rasalas said:
Well, clearly it's not named "Raxxla" in the game files or the data miners would have found it in 2014. As I understand it the game files run to generate the universe totally on our end and the FD servers are just there to handle interactions and hold the odd hand-generated poi, like the old Formidine Rift bases that caused the game to crash when a player's machine "discovered" one and tried to download it.
Sure, though Raxxla being one of those server-side POIs would be a straightforward way to hide it too. So long as its physical appearance is a combination of assets already in-game there'd never be any evidence.

The "data miners" are a bit overstated, of course. Looking through the files for plain-english strings is about all most of them do; even a client-stored Raxxla would be trivial to hide from them.

Jorki Rasalas said:
Raxxla wasn't honked, the report was that someone had jumped into the system that contains Raxxla, honked, presumably refuelled, and jumped out without discovering Raxxla (see my FD Quotes thread, link in signature).
The report was that someone from FD might have said this. Actually tracking down a source of who, where, or what that isn't years after the claimed time it was said is tricky. My suspicion is that it's still a merger in memory of two different events that did happen in the 2016ish timeframe
- Frontier confirms that Raxxla is in game and "they know where it is"
- a player claims to have found Raxxla in a system that had previously been visited (then, as usual, disappears without trace without providing any way to verify this)

As an "absence of evidence is evidence of absence" point, there were also a bunch of threads in the 2016/2017 timeframe speculating that this might have happened ... to which no-one replied saying "oh, yeah, MB said that in ...", which it seems like someone might have.

Jorki Rasalas said:
They don't individually have bodyid numbers disclosed in the players journal file, just are identified by a common ""planet A/B ring" bodyid...so presumably there is another (hidden) mechanism behind their non-random repeatability & I'm guessing (wish I knew more about the game's implementation of planetary ring asteroids!) that this same hidden mechanism could be behind the obfuscation of Raxxla
The contents of the ring are generated at a layer down from the ring itself, yes, so the individual asteroids don't get body IDs (neither do the individual hills and craters on planet surfaces, by analogy)

You can kind of see hints of how the ring systems are done by looking at them from a distance as they're loading in. With some gaps in the explanation:
1) define the ring itself as a flat disk with an inner and outer radius, rotating at a constant angular speed - this data is probably provided from the system level stellar forge
2) break the ring into rectangular blocks (they might be very slightly off-rectangular in practice because they need to tile around the disk, but close enough)
3) give each block a seed number based on its position in the ring to generate its basic contents and place the asteroids, which are then stationary relative to the rotating disk.
4) overlay on top of that modifications to mineral content for RES and hotspots, as well as the removal of asteroids within the box of ring-embedded stations
5) store a list of recently laser-mined (per-player) and exploded (universally) asteroids and apply that too
As the player moves around, load it more rectangles in the direction they move, unload the ones they move away from, have some "long distance" generic rock textures to make the unloaded bits of the ring still visible.

Most of this probably wouldn't be a useful mechanism to hide Raxxla - anything in the actual procgen seed for the asteroids would have the problem of appearing likely countless times across the galaxy, it's not the sort of mechanism where it's easy to guarantee "exactly once". But something in part 4 would allow an invisible POI to be defined (server-side) which then caused the generation for the rectangle containing it to be run very differently to standard, and "exactly once" can be guaranteed that way.

(The catch, of course, is that even if the player base was told definitively that Raxxla was in a particular planetary ring, with no other clues it would still take years to search for it, because those things are huge)
Reactions:
Ataxia, Jorki Rasalas and Han_Zen