selbie
Jun 23, 2024
#34,290
Jorki Rasalas said:
The one argument I see for the Omphalos Rift tunnel/gateway to Raxxla is that it would be a very good way of obfuscating the location of Raxxla from the file miners, who after 10 years have apparently not located it..so is Raxxla held on the FD server and only downloaded to the player if they trigger this unseen "rift"? However last week I found a reference that pointed out asteroids in planetary rings are not random and after mining regenerate after a couple of hours, hence they can be mapped for lucrative mining rapid revisit. They don't individually have bodyid numbers disclosed in the players journal file, just are identified by a common ""planet A/B ring" bodyid...so presumably there is another (hidden) mechanism behind their non-random repeatability & I'm guessing (wish I knew more about the game's implementation of planetary ring asteroids!) that this same hidden mechanism could be behind the obfuscation of Raxxla (assuming from the garden design that it is hidden within a planetary ring).
This highlights the elegant simplicity of the procedural generation system which has preserved the purity of this mystery. There have been many games where the developers had crafted wonderfully complex mysteries only to have them spoiled a week after launch because of datamining etc. Yet here we are 10 years later with not a single whisper of what or where Raxxla is.

I believe there is a high chance that Raxxla employs the proc gen system in some way to generate whatever "it" is, just like the original game used a string of bits to define location, tech level, prosperity etc of a system. This is also how we are able to return to a planet's rings and find the exact same rock each time.
Source: https://youtu.be/lC4YLMLar5I?si=amEENEjqkgII0WeK&t=2728

[Timestamped link]
Naturally our modern version of Elite's dynamically fluctuating galaxy would have a lot more layers of complexity to it but all the system has to do is apply modifiers / flags to guide what the server spits out for us to see in game and I've often wondered if the word RAXXLA itself is acting as a modifier element allowing it to exist as a pre-defined gateway. Maybe the "door is the key" meme is a tongue-in-cheek reference to that as well

If the alleged story that Raxxla has been honked is even remotely accurate, then it may indicate there is a further step to take within this system. Fortunately for us, FDev gave us a small compromise during the Guardian Ruins era in the sense that we don't have to be within Mk.1 Eyeball distance to have things show up on our contacts.
Last edited: Jun 23, 2024
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Darrack