CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 21, 2022
#28,619
Allen Stroud said:
There is no documentation from the files I worked on that references a failed colony on Alpha Centauri.
This is why I think they took some liberties with the lore that was player submitted. That said, amongst the CMDR submitted beacons I swear some of those are FDev people role-playing. Some coincide too closely with the books. Hints are hints regardless of the source. That said, the inspiration for Elite Dangerous was partly RPG games of the 80s. I'm lucky to be an elder Millennial IRL. Braben particularly mentioned The Fantasy Trip and Space Opera RPGs. Further, Terran Trade Authority RPG made a presence in the game as a minor faction. Now, I don't know if this was truly a player faction or someone at Frontier Developments. There is one commonality in all this, though, at least an attempt at colonization of Alpha Centauri.

For your part @Allen Stroud I thank you for helping make such beautiful narratives for us to play "game master" with. The series and it's derivative works are truly amazing.

Also, for those 80s and 90s kids at heart that play as CMDRs, I hope this brings back fond memories: Lost Tribe's Gamemaster

Lyrics to Lost Tribe's Gamemaster:

Embracing the goddess energy within yourselves
Will bring all of you to a new understanding and valuing of life
A vision that inspires you to live and love on planet earth
Like a priceless jewel
Buried in dark layers of soil and stone
Earth radiates her brilliant beauty
Into the caverns of space and time
Perhaps you are aware of those who watch over your home
And experience it as a place to visit and play with reality
You are becoming aware of yourself as a gamemaster

Imagine earth restored to her regal beauty
Stately trees seem to brush the deep blue sky
Clouds billow to form majestic peaks
The songs of birds fill the air
Creating symphony upon symphony
The goddess is calling for an honoring
Of what she allows to be created
Through the core-mystery of the blood
Those who own her planet are learning about love
Attachments
Screenshot_20221221-104629~2.png
525.2 KB · Views: 66
Screenshot_20221221-104545~2.png
838.4 KB · Views: 72