CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 21, 2022
#28,612
Jorki Rasalas said:
@Comandante ”Alpha Centauri (failed colony before Tau Ceti)” - that’s interesting! First I’d heard of it! where’s the source & is it canon for ED?
It is from the in-game system description:

Player lore if accepted and put in key places is still official lore. It just means Frontier Developments gave an official stamp of approval. Tau Ceti was the first successful colony outside of Sol. The devil is in the details. Also, Sol's immediate neighborhood has quite a number of systems with depleted resources that were really only utilized to extract resources and haul them to systems we were trying to get established at. So, any search of the earliest colonies may need to also check nearby depleted systems as we had a presence but it was only because we needed building materials. I am quite sure the logistics of setting up a colony is no small task.

Eden was the first planet on which liquid water was detected by spectroscopic methods in 2038, and was consequently a major driving force for the exploration of space. However, Eden turned out to be extremely inhospitable with the added danger of hard radiation from Proxima. There is now a small research station on Eden, but little else in the rest of the system. Star was once known as Rigel Kentaurus.

Late in 3301 a rag-tag collection of independent commanders selflessly came to the aid of The Hutton Mug Co. to help kick-start the creation of the Hutton Mug; that rare item that can only be found at Hutton Orbital in the Alpha Centauri system. Over 2.4 million tonnes of scrap were delivered by the Truckers, all the while evading and eventually confronting the many concerted attacks by pirates and other ne'er-do-wells who blockaded the platform, determined to thwart the Mug Company's efforts. In the aftermath of the famed Mug Run many intrepid commanders decided to formalise their association into the Cooperative, vowing to protect the hallowed route and, perhaps one day, find a cure for MODS.
Click to expand...
Last edited: Dec 21, 2022