yelboc
Jan 2, 2020
#14,438
Vetinari said:
Welcome to the Raxxla Fernweh hunt.

Our most prominent lead since you asked..is now you...a new person with fresh 'eyes to see' maybe, who knows? Don't assume anybody has done anything before even if it looks like they have, check it for yourself to be sure.

Been thinking - the key that is also a door...a musical key that opens a 'door'? Anybody know what key the D-scanner booms in? We have the facility to make certain keys but where is the darn door? (D-scanner activates TPs so it is possible)

Small tinfoil hat (but to me nowhere near as large as usual) - an abandoned space station, probably an old Corilosis - never understood this reference or how it fits in. However. What if and its a big IF:

1st Space Station was Meir around Earth.
2nd Space Station was ISS around Earth.

1st image of Coriolis that inspired everything - 2001 A Space Odessy around Edit. Around Mars, the oblong black shapes were around Jupiter/Europa. In game the 1st alien artefact was found on Mars ( a few cm across) so why not have a SS there to monitor it and why not keep it running low power to keep it quiet before the artefact was announced....

What if the abandoned SS was in Sol as an homage to 2001, would be an early one that was outmoded and abandoned. One of the few systems where everything is already mapped so no need to use the FSS at all, more likely to miss is maybe?

More ramblings will follow in 2020
Click to expand...

Quite a lot of people have scoured Sol and not turned up anything (myself included). I still wonder about the asteroid belt but haven't got brave enough to go hunting through it ..

Sol has 2 locked bodies - the Moon, and Triton - they being 2 of the 4 permit locked bodies in the game (the others being Lave 2 and Diso 5c) - reportedly the moon was PL because FD were going to handcraft it (rumour?) . Triton though? whats that all about? Triton belongs to Mother Gaia faction according to the wiki (which is often unreliable..)

The SS in 2001 was much more like an Orbis station with the large rings for accommodation. Coriolis stations are cube-octohedra and look nothing like the 2001 station. Orbis stations are the oldest in the game though, and most likely a candidate for TDW's station, and are in line with the image on TDW codex page.

To be clear The Dark Wheel are not synonymous with Raxxla, and according to the lore they do not know where Raxxla is - finding TDW may help provide further information that they hold (as hinted in TDW codex entry - at least thats the hope..), which is why they get lumped into these discussions.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420