Jorki Rasalas
Jan 2, 2020
#14,433
DonBushido2525 said:
New to the Raxxla hunt, tried getting caught up as best as I could , but can’t comb thru all 728 pages of this discussion...

So just wondering where the hunt is atmost prominent lead right now...

my thoughts , I think first line is probably most important from codex , jewel on the brow..

“To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witchspace, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!”

noticed some people reading into the other stuff , kinda disagree with that train of thought ,

witchspace is slang for hyperspace , So idk how it would be something we could access from within hyperspace, just felt like a poetic line to me,

Siren of the deepest void could be something , but also took the deepest void as all space in general , another poetic metaphor for Raxxla

and parents grief , lovers woe , I took as the grief and woe of parents and loved ones to those vagabond hearts that are consumed by the hunt for Raxxla , so another poetic line ,

My trip to Tionisla revealed some tourist beacon dealio that had a quote “the vain mother (Cassiopeia) rides a giraffe (Camelopardalis That remembers her daughters (Andromena) rescuer (Perseus)

that so far seemed like the most prominent clue in my searchings, assuming Dark Wheel coordinates, just a matter of which part of those constellations they want you to look at...

Caseopia doesn’t really seem to have a jewel on her brow....

only other thing I saw was someone referencing a Bindu which I thought was a genius train of thought,quite litterally a jewel on the brow , so I searched Hindu goddesses that seemed like they’d be the Mother of Galaxies , only one that pinged was “Durga” and happens to be a system in the bubble just haven’t been there yet to investigate

oh and also some research led me to Gaia mother of all, and another name for Gaia is Terra , there is a system called Terra Mater that is permit locked seemed interesting too...

so tldr maybe Durga or Terra Mater?
Click to expand...

That “giraffe” tourist beacon is left over from the Formidine Rift Mystery quest and can be safely ignored. See link in my signature for a spreadsheet of UCB and LP, which may prove useful in your quest, it’s a personal journey! Tourist Beacon list is here https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1eu30UyjpQrWexAglwD1Ax_GaDz4d7l8KD76kSzX4DEk/htmlview#gid=0

The first page of this thread lists all known facts related to Raxxla, plus a link to a useful summary document which you really should read. Other than that this thread currently contains 700+ pages of hopeful hypotheses, strange speculation and mixed mythology references, with a few smatterings of in-game and RL fact, that may or may not be relevant, plus places & ideas that have been checked out, and a few fairly obvious trolling attempts. Dip into them a couple of pages at a time - they might spark in you a new idea, or you might spot something that the rest of us have missed. But many ideas have already been explored, so spend some time reading to avoid wasting your time.

Many of us believe the codex entries for Dark Wheel and Raxxla contain clues (plus some misdirection). Have fun exploring your own hypotheses!

And welcome to the Raxxla Institute for the Hopelessly Insane, created for those pilots suffering from terminal space madness. We welcome all serious cases, especially if they’re cases of Lavian Brandy!
Last edited: Jan 3, 2020
Reactions:
Six6VI, simulacrae, Hanerib and 4 others