Jorki Rasalas
Mar 3, 2022
#25,518
Rochester said:
Such a pity FD never thought of implementing such ‘content’ themselves.

It asks the question, why FD had such a limited scope of the imagination at launch, because it does supposedly go against the perception presented, through much of the ‘proposed’ concepts, which were, prior to launch, far more interesting than what we were eventually given.

To launch a game with SO much astronomical content (some not fully implemented) and not provide tools (relevant to the future technology). Speaks to me of a very pragmatic methodology of thinking.

Which is why I have always held onto the impression that if Raxxla is accessible, then it will be relatively close to Sol and discoverable via normal means, and nothing truly Herculean is required to find it, expect for us to simply ‘look’ in the more simplistic of methods.

This irks me, as it too challenges theories, such as DB saying (allegedly) that it would take multiple players to find?

What mechanisms exist (existed) in game that required multiple Cmdr’s to activate?

The only thing I can think of are community goals… when did these first raise their heads, was it after the older DW missions?

Were the older DW mission some unconfirmed silent community goal mechanism, which simply required enough Cmdrs to ‘unlock’… but it was bugged, or players simply didn’t play in the way FD wanted?

I am still bruised by how FD simply removed the older DW missions. So much inconsistency really bakes my noodle.

Why would FD not want to confirm those missions were removed from game?

I was only able to get that confirmed I suppose as a fluke, or just asking the right question….i

Those missions were going somewhere. Why not tell players they were removed! What does that reveal???

I am of the impression FD didn’t really put a great deal of effort into Raxxla, that MB had set something in motion but it was broken, or got broken, or overlooked, but then removed and then put back in but, somewhere else…which doesn’t really change anything I know, just an old Cmdr having a grump, looking for some sign this isn’t just part of their 10 year narrative.
Click to expand...

I suspect that when MB moved out of ED the game lost its real narrative champion, and I suspect those old missions were his idea. Possibly as part of the obfuscation, but hey that’s part of narrative. When people with ideas leave they aren't replaced with the same ideas...or goals, or modus operandi.

I think the potential requirement for multiple players ‘for Raxxla to reveal itself’ (IF he really did say that; it’s extremely irksome that we can neither prove nor disprove that rumour, but it jingles my memory which is why I keep on about it) is much more prosaic. I think it tells us Raxxla (or more likely the omphalos rift that triggers the server to create it) is an object which is hidden until you get very close to it; more players searching means higher probability of triggering it. Which is why I’m intrigued by the comets. From the Comets in Pareco thread (& Pareco system seems designed to highlight the existence of in-game hidden objects) comets have a sphere of influence of only about 50km radius. Minimum ship speed in supercruise is 300km/s, and with a minimum honk interval of 16 seconds (due to suspiciously long recharge time!) a single player covers a minimum of 4,800 km between honks- 96 times the sphere of influence!!! It is probably under our nose & there is no wonder it hasnt been found yet!!!

Edit: you can tell I havent been playing much of late!!!
Minimum ship speed in supercruise is 30km/s!
So 480km travelled between honks, 9.6 times the sphere of influence if that is indeed 50km
So around a 1 in 10 chance of detecting it.
Last edited: Mar 8, 2022
Reactions:
Adel and Rochester