Rochester
Mar 3, 2022
#25,512
Jorki Rasalas said:
I was a little uneasy about examining the logfiles to determine whether or no the system contained comets and possibly other things of potential interest, but am near the end of my questing tether...have had to resort to SC for a while; it is SO buggy! Not tried fps yet to compare with EDO...
But EDDiscovery is really useful, although I only use it (currently) to show my travel history and hold my exploration notes, and very occasionally the map, oh and converting my screenshots to jpegs and labelling them with the system & nearest body name. But I think it’s much more powerful....
Such a pity FD never thought of implementing such ‘content’ themselves.

It asks the question, why FD had such a limited scope of the imagination at launch, because it does supposedly go against the perception presented, through much of the ‘proposed’ concepts, which were, prior to launch, far more interesting than what we were eventually given.

To launch a game with SO much astronomical content (some not fully implemented) and not provide tools (relevant to the future technology). Speaks to me of a very pragmatic methodology of thinking.

Which is why I have always held onto the impression that if Raxxla is accessible, then it will be relatively close to Sol and discoverable via normal means, and nothing truly Herculean is required to find it, expect for us to simply ‘look’ in the more simplistic of methods.

This irks me, as it too challenges theories, such as DB saying (allegedly) that it would take multiple players to find?

What mechanisms exist (existed) in game that required multiple Cmdr’s to activate?

The only thing I can think of are community goals… when did these first raise their heads, was it after the older DW missions?

Were the older DW mission some unconfirmed silent community goal mechanism, which simply required enough Cmdrs to ‘unlock’… but it was bugged, or players simply didn’t play in the way FD wanted?

I am still bruised by how FD simply removed the older DW missions. So much inconsistency really bakes my noodle.

Why would FD not want to confirm those missions were removed from game?

I was only able to get that confirmed I suppose as a fluke, or just asking the right question….

Those missions were going somewhere. Why not tell players they were removed! What does that reveal???

I am of the impression FD didn’t really put a great deal of effort into Raxxla, that MB had set something in motion but it was broken, or got broken, or overlooked, but then removed and then put back in but, somewhere else…which doesn’t really change anything I know, just an old Cmdr having a grump, looking for some sign this isn’t just part of their 10 year narrative.
Last edited: Mar 3, 2022
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas and Adel