Rochester
Jul 12, 2023
#30,836
rOmiLaYu said:
This simple post really highlights for me just how big this game really is. I thought I knew all the things and then I hear about Witch's Reach. I plop over to EDSM and search for it, thinking "I can easily answer this for the raxxlachaps." EDSM doesn't have a record of it? Ooooooo....mysteries intensifying! So then I do a quick googley and find out that Witch's Reach, along with three other systems have a unique permit. I find a thread from 2015 about it. So here we are, eight years later, and no one's figured it out (or else it's just still handwavium locked) - AND - I knew absolutely nothing about it. And I even know about those two "security" permitted systems that are equidistant from SagA*.


Boggles the mind, it does.
Sadly such oddities could easily be explainable by FD locking off ‘redundant’ narratives.

There are huge areas similarly indefinitely locked off, much as with the planet Triton or system Polaris, which FD has confirmed have been intentionally locked with no permits available to players.

There are areas in game which supposedly were locked off for ‘narrative’ reasons linked to their 10 year narrative.

It’s been 10 years!

It’s been speculated by some that development plans were established for a DW / Raxxla narrative and a Thargoid civil war narrative, we know FD removed those missions (but has never publicly confirmed that / only via a ticket) some also speculate to know that the Thargoids were supposed to originate from a different area of the galaxy than they now have. All ancient history. It’s evident FD retconned certain things circa 2016/2017. I no longer care ‘why’ - it’s FD decision - their game, their narrative to change.

But ultimately such suspicions logically lead towards the possibility that such locations will stay locked indefinitely, and there are no mechanisms in place to interact with them, not until FD can ‘repurpose’ them.

I’m no fan of gated narratives, especially not in a sandbox game. I hate it when one is able to see the cogs turning behind the curtain. Hunting for Raxxla has inevitably uncovered certain discrepancies, ultimately much of what we think we might know may well now just be archaeological.
Last edited: Jul 13, 2023
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, Shadowsnog, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 1 other person