CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jul 12, 2023
#30,834
Jorki Rasalas said:
TDW entry
“According to self-professed Dark Wheel expert Lyta Crane, a conspiracy theorist and 'people's journalist' who has painstakingly assembled an archive of relevant data, the original group was based in a disused starport orbiting the eighth moon of an unnamed gas giant. The station was toroid, hence 'wheel', and operated with a minimal power output so as to avoid detection, hence 'dark'.”
The funny thing is Orbis is not the even the oldest station type - and it isn't even close. The discrepancy is almost 500 years.

From Brewer Corporation codex:

"Starports safer than the surface."

Best known for the iconic Coriolis, the Brewer Corporation has been synonymous with starports since 2752.

The first Coriolis, designed by Timothy Brewer to elevate the standard of offworld living, took nearly four years and one billion credits to complete. Though crude and angular to look at, it was relatively simple to assemble in space, with heavy components that could be manufactured locally from low-grade materials. It boasted several innovative features: a self-regulating biome, living facilities comparable to those of planetside outposts, first-rate medical services and an innovative cylindrical docking system. By 3200 Brewer was the galaxy's primary starport manufacturer.

After decades of rigorous testing, Brewer debuted its second design, the Orbis. Envisaged as an advanced, lightweight counterpart to the Coriolis, the Orbis's construction was less dependent on local metallic resources. The design retained the docking cylinder while featuring additional 'full gravity' areas.

As best I can figure, there is no Orbis nor competitors to it until the mid-3200s. See Nostrum Incident at bottom of Brewer Corporation codex that occurs in Tau Ceti.

Also, I have bad news on Timothy Brewer...

From "All that Glisters..."





So, Timothy Brewer is a complete fiction with the inventor being Jacques ("the supplanter"). Conservative estimates places Jaques at nearly 600 years old at a very minimum at the present time. This jackass has been on the radar for Alliance Interpol for a while since we have jurisdiction of the Old Worlds Coalition region.

This, also means Facece has another alias - Vetitice.
Last edited: Jul 12, 2023
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard