Jorki Rasalas
Aug 6, 2023
#31,108
Rochester said:
“Queenly Demeter, bringer of seasons and giver of good gifts, [55] what god of heaven or what mortal man has rapt away Persephone and pierced with sorrow your dear heart? For I heard her voice, yet saw not with my eyes who it was. But I tell you truly and shortly all I know.” So, then, said Hecate“

So, then, said Hecate. [60] And the daughter of rich-haired Rhea answered her not, but sped swiftly with her, holding flaming torches in her hands. So they came to Helios, who is watchman of both gods and men, and stood in front of his horses: and the bright goddess enquired of him: “Helios, do you at least regard me, goddess as I am, [65] if ever by word or deed of mine I have cheered your heart and spirit. Through the fruitless air I heard the thrilling cry of my daughter whom I bare, sweet scion of my body and lovely in form, as of one seized violently; though with my eyes I saw nothing. But you —for with your beams you look down [70] from the bright upper air over all the earth and sea —tell me truly of my dear child, if you have seen her anywhere, what god or mortal man has violently seized her against her will and mine, and so made off.”

……….

Orphic Hymns also attributed Hekate was a daughter of Deo aka Demeter.

…………

All very well and good but ultimately where does it lead us?

The historical allusion of a link to Artemis in game is obviously beginning with MB’s book - Elite Legacy, but that was then, (discounting recent events) how were we originally supposed to make that link back then?

Prior to the Codex which came after the removed DW missions, was the original intention to have us possess ‘Trinkets’ and then, that now removed story lead us towards a link to Fortuna/Tyche and then possibly Demeter etc, then resolving into Persephone???

We’ll never know!

But now we have the new FD intelligence, pushing relevance to the Artemis system, referencing Milton and Raxxla directly, then possibly the first leg of the tour pushing us initially towards these lost realms!

It’s possible the link to Brookes book may just be historical, and is actually no longer relevant, because FD has given us that olive branch. Maybe we don’t need to think too much anymore about Demeter/ Persephone etc, and just focus upon the Codex and the Lost Realms. At least to me, it seems part of the journey has already been reached?

My assumption is, the Trinket’s original purpose were to push us in this direction… so now, do the Greek Triad still have any other relevance?

I really think we’re close.
Of course there’s always the possibility that MB just wanted us to get some cultural knowledge and Raxxla is actually hidden on the top shelf of the middle aisle at a Sainsbury’s near FD offices in Cambridge!
Reactions:
GURU-951, Shadowsnog and Rochester