PDJazzHands
Oct 5, 2024
#34,997
Rochester said:
Following on from my ‘mountains’ hypothesis, I’ve revisited this theory with a little more scrutiny, I acknowledge it initially was at best speculative.

In analysis it’s evident that these locations are named after three separate mountain ranges.

What Ai find interesting is how these are only a handful replicated in game?

For instance there’s over 40 peaks in the Cumbrian range etc, so whoever placed these in game hand picked them. Again their relationship and overall relevance is an unknown.

But one assumption remains, if their placements are , barring the absence of other such locations not yet identified, what do these specific locations have in common, if any?

Fell or hills by the way can be designated as mountains based upon their height but I’m not going to get into semantics as them being hills or mountains I don’t think is relevant.

In the image below I’ve linked them together based upon the real world association, and line of sight.



Here if we compare the Hindu range with the in game Greek compass systems, part of them seemingly align!



When comparing it with the ‘Older Gods’ theory, the Welsh range seems sit just below and on the outer rim of those identified with ‘Storm gods’?



Then the Welsh range when compared with the first part of the Brooks Tours, seems to be in close proximity?



Then the focal point of the Hindu and Cumbrian ranges seem to be converged upon the ‘Lost Realms’, especially the area designated by the Cities of Gold and in game is situated in Aztlan?



Now in reverse, following that Hindu range upwards, it leads up to Fortuna!



Of note, this area is very close to the Thetis signal. If we were to consider the second signal to be narrative, one could presume it might have been inserted to grab our attention.

If we extrapolate a similar third signals location on its opposite side, said sphere of influence actually places Tyche upon its outer rim.

Something is certainly in this area, I suspect!

Click to expand...
I really like this work, I'd like to merge this into a project I've been doing and see if any of the results correlate
Reactions:
Rochester