Rochester
Oct 5, 2024
#35,000
Agreed @selbie O7

I speculate that given the lore from the Guardian network on Guardian and Thargoid history and that from Galnet regards Azimuth etc; that Thargoids predate all life in the bubble, including the Guardians.

In MB The Space in between he ascribes that creation was built upon the remains of a previous universe, that our gods were killed off and that something else predates all other deities. Very Lovecraftian, but it has certain parallels with Milton, as his universe was created from the womb of chaos, a ‘primordial’ matrix that predated the fall of Satan and may have been as old or older than god, given the surreal concept of a cosmological history older than what humans could comprehend, again very ‘Lovercraftian’ or should that be ‘Miltonian’!
The Space Inbetween Preview
A blog about my explorations in writing and art - with the occasional side order of fries and philosophy.
thecultofme.blogspot.com

John Milton's Influence on H.P. Lovecraft — Jarod K. Anderson
Lately, I've been revisiting the works of H.P. Lovecraft. I adore Lovecraft and I don't think I'll be saying anything terribly surprising or controversial if I refer to him as the father of weird fiction. He gave us elder gods waiting on the doorstep of reality, waiting and eyeing our sunl
www.jarodkanderson.com

In short I do concur Thargoids are a perverse form of archangel, we and the Guardians are the interlopers.

Spacially in game the centroid of the Mealstroms centres close to an area associated with systems linked to fate and also relatively the Thetis signal is near to this area, commonly populated also by systems named after deities associated with the north or highest place or creation.

Technically in my Miltonian theory that area is upon the upper rim of chaos.

It’s likely then that given the various hints through such environmental storytelling these Thargoids are relative to those ‘older gods’ of Brookes ‘Space in between’?

Biblically Accurate Angels: Christianity’s Undisputed Horror Icons
Seraphim, Cherubim, and Thrones. Christianity’s highest ranking angels and the closest beings in proximity to God. But instead of beautiful heavenly creatures, The Bible describes them as the…
www.curiousarchive.com
Last edited: Oct 5, 2024
Reactions:
selbie and simulacrae