selbie
Oct 5, 2024
#34,999
Retreading over some earlier ground again. The amazing work done by Galnet Digest helped me pick up on a few ideas.

Source: https://youtu.be/eKviRrbXu1w?si=UwRELQJS5h4VqR4A


Project Seraph
The name itself clearly references angels. However, it is much more clear now that it is likely not referring to beings of purity, but more like the fearsome burning dragon / serpent imagery. This correlates with the Galnet entry referring to Thargoids as dragons and further reinforces the Thargoid's position in the lore as fierce guardians of something.

Seo Jin-ae 서진애 (test subject D-2)
The literal meaning of the name would be something like - Seo = West/Western - Jin = Gone through (past tense to go through) - ae = lover. When 'ae' is used as a suffix it literally means -philia. The word on its own meaning love, or craving (from Buddhism).
I don't claim to know Korean, but when used in the more accurate Korean sentence structure of Subject -> Verb it could be interpreted as something like "West Journeyed-Loving", or "Journey-loved West".
As Seo is specifically female in the Azimuth narrative, this may indicate a link to the Hesperides - Nymphs of the West / Daughters of the Evening, the latter relating to Hesperus - the evening star (aka Venus). The Land of Hesperides is a blissful grove of fruit trees guarded by the dragon Ladon.

Test Subject H-8
The second Azimuth test subject mentioned was H-8 who was able to successfully interface with the Thargoid ship and make it hover. Could the subject number be a clue implying the word 'hate'? If there is a symbolic link it could relate to something maligned / hateful being the source of power for the ships.

Azimuth - the word derives from arabic meaning 'the direction' and is the horizontal angle from a cardinal direction such as north. Potentially a rotation element - wheel metaphor.

Oaken Point - a place of Oaks / Oak-like peninsula.

Another homophone I came across for "Door is also the key": the Celtic word Duir / Dair is the 7th letter of the Ogham alphabet meaning Oak.
In the Celtic Arthurian myth of Colhwch and Olwen, the court of King Arthur is named Celliwig - translated as 'forest grove'.
Sacred groves are commonly associated with the Otherworld. So, perhaps the Oak or a grove such as Celliwig is the place we locate something?
Key - The present day spelling of Quay replaced an earlier spelling KEY in the 1690s.

Fort Asch (sister site to Oaken Point research lab) - The Asch conformity experiments were a series of psychological experiments conducted by Solomon Asch in the 1950s. The experiments revealed the degree to which a person's own opinions are influenced by those of a group. Asch found that people were willing to ignore reality and give an incorrect answer in order to conform to the rest of the group. In psychological terms, conformity refers to an individual's tendency to follow the unspoken rules or behaviors of the social group to which they belong. How pressure from a group could lead people to conform, even when they knew that the rest of the group was wrong.
A very relevant symbolism to how characters in the lore and players having to choose who to support leads to situations of conformity vs defiance.

update:
Azimuth leaves Xi WangDa system - one meaning for Xi is West... another pointer perhaps???
Last edited: Oct 14, 2024
Reactions:
Han_Zen, Emperor, simulacrae and 1 other person