Darrack
Feb 1, 2023
#29,126
Jorki Rasalas said:
@simulacrae
Like it! But mate, stay off the onionhead, you dont want to wander around like a garlic-infused vagabond!
Stick to Lavian brandy, the discerning spacer’s intoxicant of choice!

But I am surprised that you didnt include Antal’s Utopia in that analysis.
Utopia
Utopia, also called the Utopia commune, is an international social movement that advocates advancing human development through technology in order to lead the galaxy to a better tomorrow. It has become a living network of technological communes with 91.8 billion members and growing, and its...

“In the Utopian compound in the Antal system, people can see futuristic technology that is years ahead.”
Sounds to me like they might be working on Guardian tech!?
Has anyone looked there for Raxxla?
Click to expand...
I took a huge interest in Utopia when i started PP as it seemed different from other factions and i couldn't help think there was maybe a connection there.
Ive spent many months in the past scanning everything possible (especially landable) and im not saying there is nowt there but i didn't find it.
Its still something im intrigued by and when i started i asked the already established Pranav Antal player base for as much information i could get, the Sim Archive especially as there seemed to be little in the old Galnet archives about it (even its location).

Was this a virtual gateway to somewhere else, just a very clever storage system or just the ideas of a lunatic? Either way it fascinated me which is why i chose Utopia as my PP faction.

The bit about 'future tech' as far as i am aware has never been revealed, Utopia offers nothing special in terms of more advanced equipment, the Enforcer Cannons are nothing to write home about.
So this is either propaganda or PA is keeping it under wraps.

Ive not given up hope on a connection and as soon as im back from my current expo out to Hawkings/Lyras i will be back looking at it again.

O7
Reactions:
simulacrae