Jorki Rasalas
Feb 1, 2023
#29,129
Rochester said:
Within Philip Sidney’s Arcadia, a ‘trifle’ for his younger sister Mary (child’s story), also describes a tale of a pirates stash, hidden below a great oak tree by Aristomenes.

With the inclusion of another shot of brandy this hoard is attributed to the 20th century mythology of Oak Island…

A certain scene within Phillip Sidney’s 'Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia' holds, a "striking resemblance" to that of an arcane mystery called the 'Oak Island mystery'. Where in both there’s a pirates hoard found under an 'oak tree' with a very specific burial method. = "Striking resemblance", "Pirates stash" and "myth".

Link: The story of Oak Island and Arcadia

This Oak Island is located in Nova Scotia, an alternate name for Nova Scotia is Acadia which is a shortening of Arcadia (A typical name at that time used by explorers of the age for new lands).

Frontier Development had an office in Nova Scotia. It closed in 2015. It developed the game 'Planet Coaster'.

There is a level within Planet Coaster based in 'Oak Island'. Not actually that surprising given its office was in Nova Scotia and Oak Island would be a prominent fixture in the local history.

Another phrase to describe 'Arcadia' is:
Click to expand...
From Acadian to Cajun - Jean Lafitte National Historical Park and Preserve (U.S. National Park Service)
www.nps.gov
“the people who would become the Cajuns came primarily from the rural areas of the Vendee region of western France. In 1604, they began settling in Acadie, now Nova Scotia, where they prospered as farmers and fishers.”

Later displaced by the British Army because they wouldn't become cooperative British subjects, many of the exiles were unhappy in their new homes and moved on. Some of them found their way to south Louisiana and began settling in the rural areas west of New Orleans. By the early 1800s, nearly 4000 Acadians had arrived and settled in Louisiana.

Another bad example of Empire building!

But perhaps Raxxla is near Louisiana? Never got to New Orleans, but I do like Cajun food and music - Cajun and Zydeco dancing was the start of my knee problems....

BUT are there any Cajun-related system names in ED?

Interesting, I have always thought Oak Island was a myth invented by Reality TV to gain advertising revenue!
Reactions:
simulacrae, Rochester and Darrack