Jorki Rasalas
Apr 14, 2019
#7,478
Noobilite said:
How the hell have we been doing exploration this whole time without tier 5 ligthweight on something? You would think it would have been scouted out already and found at all cost.

Either way, this means anaconda now has over 83.99ly jump range. Maybe this opens up new places to explore.

New max conda: https://s.orbis.zone/2rxh <-New max range is now 84.11ly, 126.165ly/336.44ly White/Neutron Star boost, 105.1375ly/126.165ly/168.22ly with 25%/50%/100% fsd boosters. Does this open up any new areas?

If we only had lighter sensors. We could get rid of drive distributor and get more range. Maybe one day we will be able to pick more sensor types.

BTW, if we could install 1D sensors this is what we would get: <- 86.14ly max jump range.

Again, this opens up the potential of no combat rating for raxxla hunting and max exploration builds. Although it goes against what happened in the Dark Wheel book. If that matters.
Click to expand...

The engineers in Colonia started off as relatively inexperienced compared to those in the bubbel & could achieve upgrades only to level 3. As people are using their services their experience is growing & are able to achieve better upgrades.

Do not confuse exploration with jump range, which is just a tool for explorers. Exploration is not dependent on engineering upgrades. Exploration is about getting out in the black to previously unvisited locations, then investigating and mapping them. If you engineer a ship up to 80ly jumps then that means you’re missing 79.9 ly worth of systems that may be unexplored, in effect you would be travelling quicker but exploring less. A lot of the Formidine Rift searching was done prior to the introduction of engineers; I visited Zurara, and explored the Pha Ain NO-X sector, in a basic 20-odd ly AspX, & had to do a fair bit of jumponium boosting and route retracing to get over some tricky bits.

Raxxla has been in-game since the beta, so also prior to engineers; therefore it can be found without any upgrades (if you look in the right place and in the right way).
Reactions:
ScolioTheMost, rOmiLaYu, Han_Zen and 1 other person