Dox Paradox
Apr 18, 2023
#30,037
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
The Dark Wheel end up being shown as fraudsters
I'm afraid this faction was implemented only to flesh out some lore without much more scope to it.
The codex says the old TDW was using a disused station, suggesting it is no longer the case.
Since they can't be found anywhere, and that as you said no one has given this group the "You're not welcome here. LEAVE NOW." the simplest deduction is that they indeed are TDW and the rest of their activity is left to the imagination of the Raxxla hunter.
Correct me if I'm wrong but we haven't seen deep, mysterious or esoteric mechanics in any of the games loop. It is unlikely there's one for this particular case.
I doubt the old TDW station is even implemented in-game, not even Fdev were ever positive on this.
And if you look at the lore, many aspects are not implemented, it is only ambiance story-telling like for the Powers. You cannot meet politicians, take missions from them, or try to assassinate them. It is entirely left to the player and their imagination. The powers are only a stat page with a character picture. Same goes with the Superpowers capiatls, population, armed forces... It is all suggested -not implemented-.
Overthinking Raxxla/TDW will be counterproductive, imho, even if it is a fun role-play.
To me, passenger's missions are only there to bring the cmdrs to the fourth corner of the galaxy showing them POI, tourist beacons, elite (textual) lore, for those who fancy that game-play. Just like combat, trading or mining, there's nothing more to it => enjoy the game loop, imagine yourself in a galaxy doing that job and move to something else when bored. The only exception would be exploration, since it also enable exobiology (nested game-loop), and allow to discover new horizons where no players have been before. It is sort of an open game-loop, and enable the fantasies about Raxxla which seems more and more like seafarer old stories about hidden treasures and monsters -myths- even if sometimes treasures can be found and "monsters" discovered (giant squids, etc..). Raxxla might be real even after all the team and games shifts.
I would keep expectations and theories on how to find it quite low, all past Elite gameplays point toward that.
Reactions:
Rochester