CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 18, 2023
#30,036
Jorki Rasalas said:
The old (deleted) E/F missions might have been a valid reason to be elite to find Raxxla, but since their deletion with no apparent replacement Shinrarta seems to be a dead end for the quest.
I would argue that there was a valid replacement - passenger missions. All that got added with Horizons.

Also, inspite of all the claims any fakers claiming to be The Dark Wheel end up being shown as fraudsters no one has given this group the "You're not welcome here. LEAVE NOW." treatment. In fact, the amount of CMDRs seeking ELITE in its' varying forms show the group has largely been embraced. Also, no external groups have moved in on their territory.

One other point, the Oisir-Raxxlans were allegedly reptilian. So, far the only ones with reptilian imagery associated with them directly are humans. That detail should not be overlooked. So, let's go back to Shinrarta Dezra for a moment: the tourist beacons tell a very different tale than is publicly acknowledged about the group(s) in Shinrarta Dezra. They are powerful to the point of having almost no competition. This group is very likely responsible for the snake and wisdom imagery across multiple ship manufacturers. Perhaps that should be seen as important.

A relevant quote from David Sinclair's "The Church of the Serpent: The Philosophy of the Snake and Attaining Transcendent Knowledge":

Come and join the Church of the Serpent. Learn the philosophy of the snake and slough off the old, failed skin of humanity. Don’t you want to be one of the Prometheans, the HyperHumans, the Faustians? Don’t you want to complete the journey from Cimmeria (Alpha) to Hyperborea (Omega)? Only the Serpent Humans can bring all of humanity to the most precious fruit of the Tree of Knowledge and confer Absolute Knowledge on everyone. Only through the Serpents will you achieve gnosis. Join usssssssssss.

----
Perhaps, the fact there is a story named Faust in Further Stories of the Frontier and a book by Michael Brookes by the name of FAUST 2.0 is not merely coincidence. Just saying..