CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 17, 2023
#30,025
simulacrae said:
Looks like FFE

3230 Alioth uprising. The system, which had been subjected to many battles between the Empire and Federation was freed in a massed insurrection against both sets of invaders. The Alliance of Independent Systems is formed. Oltiqu is renamed Gateway as it joins the new Alliance.
This has been my long-standing point. Some of these systems change hands multiple times especially any close to the border zone between Feds and Imperials and Feds and Alliance. The Old Worlds were after all denied any sort of military after the Morten-Marte incident by the Imperials (see https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Old_Worlds ). Technically, Frontier and First Encounters occur in parallel but they tell the story from differing perspectives often there was Imperial take and a Federal take on events. Sometimes even First Encounters had multiple names for the same place either in the same entry or across multiple entries.

Example: Epsilon Eridani

The Federation version is Frontier gazetteer entry for Epsilon Eridani:
FrontierAstro Gazetteer - Epsilon Eridani
Epsilon Eridani
frontierastro.co.uk

The Empire's version is told via Liaququ (Fortress Cousens is identifier):
FrontierAstro Gazetteer - Liaququ
Liaququ
frontierastro.co.uk
Station - Fortress Cousens in Epsilon Eridani [INARA - Elite:Dangerous]
The companion site for Elite:Dangerous. The game database, market data, trade routes, outfitting, engineers, blueprints, crafting, Thargoid war, squadrons, logbooks, galleries, galaxy information and much more...
inara.cz

Also, there are two entries for Augustus Brenquith - first is Ackwada:
FrontierAstro Gazetteer - Ackwada
Missions
frontierastro.co.uk

The second is told via Quphieth (location presently unknown) where it revealed these reports from Augustus Brenquith became increasingly unreliable over a period of 35 years.
FrontierAstro Gazetteer - Quphieth
Quphieth
frontierastro.co.uk

So, it wasn't just multiple cultures and their unique way of referencing a system. There was further complications due to Augustus Brenquith declining quality of reports (though this may have been worsened by constant conflict). Humans it seems don't change much.

I cannot bring you certainty. However, I can shine light on things. There is a lot of the old stuff present. You have to look and it isn't easy.
Last edited: Apr 17, 2023