Jorki Rasalas
Apr 17, 2023
#30,030
Rochester said:
We have to remember as well that pre-launch DB said a lot of things which never came to pass, also they were interested in group based activities being the norm, eg Explorers hiring wingmen etc to escort them etc, all pie in the sky.

Or it relate to the old method of exploration where Cmdrs scanned dark systems, maybe that would identify something as more and more Cmdrs filled in the gaps?

If that statement was accurate, it might tie in with the old PF/DW missions which did require you to be Elite, to get the permit for Shinrarta Dezhra, obviously Founders/backers got it too, but the original principle was it was gated access, so one could presume that’s what is meant here? If it’s accurate.

I don’t believe it’s context is accurate any more. The only thing that’s gated by Elite status are missions, again many of these were also made available to everyone. So if accurate, then what he was on about no long applies I presume.

I doubt Raxxla is ultimately Elite gated, because firstly there are so many players now hitting that rank very early, someone would have reported it by now and secondly it would mean FD has built some hidden mechanism, which is counterproductive, because if it only applies to 1 element, it’s a wasted resource, they would want us to find it.
Click to expand...
I agree. I think the alleged DB quote (there is no corroborative evidence) may have been about something else or is out of date. We don't have a date for it but it seems to be from the very early livestreams (2014-15?) and disagrees with what MB said about Raxxla (see my earlier summary of everything we know - @Macros Black did you add that summary onto the OP compadre?).

The only reason for requiring Elite would be the Shinrarta permit, and that system has been thoroughly searched. I’m also suspicious about the alleged requirement for a wing...it might help, depending on what Raxxla/Omphalos actually is and how we might recognise/ locate it, but that statement also seems to disagree with MB’s statements.
Reactions:
Macros Black, Dox Paradox, Rochester and 1 other person