CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 18, 2023
#30,038
Dox Paradox said:
The codex says the old TDW was using a disused station, suggesting it is no longer the case.
Since they can't be found anywhere, and that as you said no one has given this group the "You're not welcome here. LEAVE NOW." the simplest deduction is that they indeed are TDW and the rest of their activity is left to the imagination of the Raxxla hunter.
Correct me if I'm wrong but we haven't seen deep, mysterious or esoteric mechanics in any of the games loop. It is unlikely there's one for this particular case.
I doubt the old TDW station is even implemented in-game, not even Fdev were ever positive on thi
It's probably implemented. Where is better question, considering we have countless abandoned or nearly so stations out there. It is probably in some god-forsaken corner of the frontiers or a huge system. There are more than and handful of systems that are sufficiently large as to hide it openly. Then, there's Jaques Orbis station. Also, stations with " Ring" as part of the name include all station types despite the lack of said Ring. The sneaky devils could have hidden it openly and be mocking us silently for our foolishness.

If I had to guess, like with the Palm Tree stations you'd know it was important as you dock as the interior will seem different. But, that's just an educated guess. This is why it is important that the targeted icon in supercruise doesn't reflect reality. To find this damn thing, you very likely have to fly to it and dock before it is realized that it is important. Research continues on locating the mythical station, however (despite the fact many of us already got invited to TDW).

That having been said, there is a another bit of importance to that letter, funds, ship, and perpetual insurance policy you received - specifically who qualifies. You see keeping it in the family is kind of a legit thing... (from the letters in Frontier and First Encounters)...

Seems we're all family.. so yes Shinrarta Dezra is very, very legit. It just doesn't have THE STATION.