Thatchinho
Jun 16, 2020
#17,532
Mrrshal said:
Friends, I have news.

I tried many things around LFT 509. Using population and government filter I have found a number of interesting systems.
Remembering Lave and Achenar importance in thinking about Raxxla, I looked upon Imperial Capital surroundings and noticed system
with a name of CD-58 16.
SPOILER: GALMAP CD-58 16
It is unpopulated system, Empire/Corporate/Extraction and has two planets. One of metal, One of rock.
The names of these planets are definitely custom: SUONTAKA and it moon S-ONE

Interesting thing is, searching in EDSM for this system, gives wrong body information on system summary:

Metal-rich body (2 to 20 ls), Earth-like world (311 to 467 ls), Water world (255 to 988 ls), Ammonia world (646 to 1,757 ls), Terraformable (242 to 484 ls)

While next tab ''Celestial bodies'' gives correct info about system bodies. This suggests that Frontier changed this system at some point.

Now, searching the whole forum does not give any results on Suontaka and S-One !!!

Does anyone have any information about all this?
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Now, I relogged back to game after a break and was shocked. I spawned as expected 0,17 Ls away from S-One and 0,19 Ls from Suontaka in normal space, but suddenly I hear unfamiliar music starting playing and my pilot doing heavy breaths during all of it.
I panicked, because of course my first thought was my life-support system failed, but it was ok and no timer visible!
Music stopped playing and with it pilot stopped making any noise. Normal ambient continued afterwards.

I downloaded Audacity program. Will try to reproduce this and record.
Click to expand...
Interesting!

On the EDSM info - I might be missing something in what you said, but I can't see any issues with info. That info quoted in the post isn't saying 'there will be these types of bodies in the system', it's saying 'if there are these types of bodies in the system, these are the approximate distances at which they'll be found'. EDSM shows it for every system.

On the music - I've noticed unfamiliar music in certain circumstances before, but when I looked into it, it seemed more a case that I just hadn't really been paying attention to the music but was in that particular occasion. Still, definitely worth checking to see whether you can reproduce it, and if so whether other people can replicate it. Also probably worth double checking that it's not simply situation based music rather than location based.
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, [PS4] Filthymick420, turkwinif and 2 others