GURU-951
Dec 2, 2019
#13,643
Made an album of all the times I crossed paths with a Cora or a Persephone. Anyone else find passengers or contacts with these names?

A thing I'd like to note are the use of the last name Khachatryan. Kinda sounds like chatch-ya-tryin.
Giving Cora a ride in Art's ship sounded like passenger missions. I came to understand this a little more in depth later.
1st is from the Demeter Family to AO Qin. For those aware of my past with Demeter, AO Qin and Hades, this might be worth seeing.
This was the first time I found a Kora.

2nd is Persephone Hall going to the core. Sadly, for an unknown reason, I never took that mission. Facepalm.

The 3rd is from the Dahan system. Dahan is close to Ithaca, home of Odysseus and the system was featured in the recent Elite trailer, Bridging The Gap.
This scene starts on Dahan, this is the gif at 1:52 in the video: https://gfycat.com/crazyoblongjaguar
Dahan has 2 suspicious planet names. 1 is Wanderer and the other Hathor.
Demeter, Aganippe, Ao Qin and others feature in that clip even though my claims and that video are almost 1 year apart.

The 4th is from Exioce.
"One of many Imperial worlds that were terraformed during the last major Imperial expansion between 2950-3150, and there are numerous fine examples of architecture of the period. "
Exioce has a planet named Experiment and one named Democracy. There are 4 planets in game named Democracy.
Permit locked Tiliala, Exioce, Ross 986 and Zeaex.
All of those have interestingly named planets. Zeaex has one of the Cambridge planets, Cambridge's Hole. Recall that with the talk of "digging up pirate treasure" and the underworld themes, this Hole may indicate something.

The 4th is another Khachatryan this time out of Epsilon Eridani.
The 5th, is from Tau Ceti and leading to some pretty sweet lore locations.

The 6th if from Gurney Slade.
Gurney Slade is an old black and white British TV series and was worked on during investigating the Diamond Theories and Pink Floyd connections.
He was a nutter, but actually wiser than most.

"He appears to be a character in a typical family-oriented TV show who abruptly tires of the artificial environment he's apparently trapped in; the first episode opens with Slade breaking the fourth wall of a television sitcom and leaving the set, to the protestations of its director.
Slade spends the rest of the series simply wandering from one (generally sparse) environment to another, ruminating on life in an often free-associative way. During his wanderings, he sometimes encounters a range of odd people (and at least one talking dog [Sirius-My addition]), all of which may be entirely creations of his own imagination. At one point, Slade is put on trial for being a TV character who isn't funny; other episodes consistently introduce meta-fictional elements into the proceedings. The series concludes with a final episode in which Slade, in a TV studio, appears to be little more than a machine-like performer whose every move is controlled by outside forces."
It's definitely giving a watch and the series in linked above.

7th is from Sol.
8th N/A
9th Arcturus during my research on planets named Major and home to the Major+Discovery I feel is found there, with its 2 planets bearing those names.
This connects back to Van Maanen, AI, and ultimately to Tau Ceti.

10th is Groombridge 34. This was when I first began working on the 9 systems with planets named Gold and mountain named planets.

11th is Delkar. Not sure why.

12th is Merritt Base. Found this while researching stations named Merritt which is the name of the island the Apollo mission operated from in the later years.
But more so from researching Apollo and permit locked Gamma Velorum in the guardian bubble.

13th idk.

Cheers.

*Did not mean to jack the discussion. That posted as I was typing. My Apologies.
Last edited: Dec 2, 2019
Reactions:
Count dEstard, Dr. Lexus, Rochester and 4 others