Staarlord
S
Dec 2, 2019
#13,656
Firstly, Raxxla will be a cool discovery, once discovered, however, since Raxxla and the Dark Wheel are not considered cannon to Elite, don't expect the following:

A.) It will be functional
B.) There will be a warrior race called the Raxxlans protecting it (although that would be cool)
C.) That you can scan, or discover it.

Point “C” brings me to a sub-point. I think we’re looking in the wrong fashion. I don’t think it’s going to be some object you honk, scan and find in the traditional manner. It might be a signal source, or only observable by eyes. If either of those are the case, it can literally be in any system, within the bubble, under our very noses.
Now, I’m not superhuman with a photographic memory, but throughout the past 3-4 years, here are the tiny snippets I remember being uttered on Twitter, responses in Forums (by Fdev) and, of course, on live feed:

• Raxxla has been “visitable” since 2015 and does not require a special ship or permit to access. Anyone can visit it. - when responding to a Twitter question asking if a special ship/ requirement was needed to access it.

• Raxxla is out there, and we, FDEV, know where it is. – Everyone knows this one

• - Was the facial expression FDEV wore when officially responding to someone asking if it was in a bubble, during a live feed. This lead some to believe it was in some nebula shaped like a smiley face/ grin, but I don’t think they meant it as a literal message, but more like a “wouldn’t it be a funny thing?”

• Raxxla is within range of an unmodified Cobra - This last one I am not super sure on its origins, but it popped up in a forum. Since I subscribe to the idea that it’s closer than we think, I believe it. In the thread, it did leave some to estimate, based on this fact, that the maximum fuel range of an unmodified Cobra coincides with the distance Sol is from Polaris, and figured it could be there. But that goes against the idea that Raxxla does not requiring a permit and has been visitable this entire time.

• Raxxla is not connected to the game’s biggest discovery – I don’t remember the origins on this one...again, like the one above it, it came from a thread referencing another thread...which referenced the source. I’m fine with this idea, as, once again, don’t expect Raxxla to be functional in this game, but more an Easter egg...and so only reaffirms what I've felt to be the case. The game’s largest secret is likely to be something more Thargoid, or Guardian connected. Perhaps a new level of witch space travel. Or a homeworld.


All in all?
I believe Raxxla is close. Really close.
Some obsessed people who know the story of Raxxla have done the table work, based on the story, how fast it can travel and any guess(?) work I have seen done on it, again, supports the idea that it’s still quite within the bubble. Meaning, Raxxla doesn’t travel witch space, but more the equivalent of Supercruise, I’m guessing. We need to change the way we’re looking. A few of the more creative comments I have seen made was that it may be hidden in an asteroid belt, and a separate one stating that it does not follow planetary body orbits, but more or less sits statically, on its own, and only moves enough to maintain alignment with Andromeda…which supports the ideas of it not being your typical honk and scan body.
Last edited: Dec 2, 2019
Reactions:
GURU-951 and [PS4] Filthymick420