IngvarGreen
Dec 3, 2021
#24,934
Good afternoon, pilots!
I visited the Formidine Rift Mystery yesterday - a very mysterious place, the Dynasty project. Is there anything else interesting in that region who knows? And did you notice the Sirens from the abyss in the text of the message? It's a reference to Raxla! Even before the current events, 33 years ago, an organization called The Club, founded by natives of INRA, was active. The club, veterans of the war with the Targoids, knew that sooner or later they would come back. And they decided to prepare humanity for a new meeting. They were able to learn that the Targoids are divided into 2 dynasties, Orsers and Clasians. Who started a civil war among themselves. The Clasians dragged the Orsers into a protracted war across the galaxy, and the latter began to retreat, surrendering their positions. The club realized that such a retreat would lead them straight into the space of humanity. The Orsers planned to use humanity as a shield to distract the attention of the Clasians, and while they would be busy with humanity, they themselves would go further into the depths of the galaxy.
Realizing that people will not win a full-scale war with the targoids, the club began to prepare a campaign called the "Expedition of Dynasties" to distant worlds where Earth-type planets were found. Such territories were called, the Horror Rift, the Eagle Gap, the Sagittarius Confluence.
The purpose of the expedition was to arrive in these sectors of space, and begin the search for full-fledged Earth-type worlds for subsequent colonization. The club financed the construction of ships, the largest of which was the Gargantia-class megacorp, referred to as Zurara.
Another author of books on the elite, John Harper, on kickstarter, left a comment tip for players:
The Edge of the Galactic Arm. Draw a line from Reorte to Riedquat towards the edge of the sleeve and... keep flying. The stars are thinning out, and you can see the whole galaxy lying in front of you.
Let's stop at the fact that there's serious out there, things you won't believe. Really, no one believed me, they said it was all a setup. I don't have any evidence that I could show you, and my memory was edited pretty well after everything. Gradually, bit by bit, the memory still returns, it's all in somewhere in the Imperial databases, and they thought that the Targoids were a problem…
You'll need a reliable ship and an excellent pilot. It's a long way, so make sure you're prepared, no one will be around to help you if anything happens. Once you reach the Rift, you'll have to plot a course through it. There are no stars for dozens of light-years and dark systems are not marked on maps, so take your time and take care of your rear." The woman leaned closer to the recording device. "What is there? I wish I could tell you, but they did a great job with my memory, it took me a long time to put the grains of memories together. Whatever it is, it's something that the Galactic Police, the Imperials and the Feds don't want to show us. Good luck and... don't turn off, Commander.
You have no idea what I saw. I have sailed beyond the Rift of Terror, seen armadas of Octagonal ships blurring the stars. I was standing on lost worlds, cleaned clean by Targoids and erased from human maps. I saw graves left over from the time of the Targoid wars, countless tombstones stretching over the horizon, small spots of reflected light marking abandoned continents…
The players spent 3 years searching, but they were all unsuccessful, until 2016.
In 2016, a group of players finally decided to solve the riddle of the Rift, and gathered in a group called the Children of Rakksla.
At the same time, they are organizing a major expedition to the Gorge region itself. There, after wandering for a long time, they find 3 lighthouses scattered across various gas accumulations. Parts of the cipher are stored in each beacon.
EXODUSABCFGHIJKLMNPQRTVWYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
When they were able to decipher it, the Children of Rakksla received the coordinates of the star system: SYREADIAE JX-F C0. And we went there.