IngvarGreen
Dec 3, 2021
#24,935
For the grief of fathers, for the sorrow of loved ones, for the longing that calls for the road!
This probably refers to further Greek mythology - Eros and Psyche. This hint leads to the heart and soul. There is one habitable station in each nebula... our wandering hearts. Wanderer... it is in the same line as the grief of the parent and the grief of the lover. It seems to indicate a wandering star. There is a black hole that was ejected by gravity from the cluster IC1805 (Melotte 15). It is literally a "wandering heart", also directly related to the Heart and Soul nebula. It is best to assume that it could be the Altera eye, unless there is another black hole nearby. There is, of course, the question of what to do with Raxxla when we find it. If this is some kind of time control device, do we really want to point the way to it and attract the attention of the Club?
Ten light-years from the Urgenirk Dark Ones, where black holes permeate the Oisir-Raxlan Sector, is the giant red sun Ivixor B. It is still hot enough to support the shell of 43 planets and the life forms that live on them... the sun, not like Algol... ... 43 worlds are grouped in a narrow plane, and most of them are giants, their gas atmospheres wriggle in the form of a ghost, going into the cosmic void... colors infinitely beautiful, a wealth of red and purple colors and many rocky moons ... They discovered Kiiri, a race of beings living in the upper atmosphere of seven of the 43 worlds, the seven largest planets.
Kiirs are giant jellyfish-like creatures that swim in the hydrogen seas of the worlds on gas bells, lowering their limbs into a denser atmosphere. Some energy tendrils have a length of more than 2000 kilometers. At certain periods of their life, Kiirs change shape, acquiring long and spindle-shaped, grotesquely huge limbs that have increased to a length of 100 kilometers or more. They drift upward, using the energy stored in special locomotor cells in their shells, float through the space between the worlds. It is likely that the kiirs were never connected to the world on which they were discovered. Apparently, at one time they colonized the other six giant worlds in the same way that a herd of beasts spreads throughout the river valley. Their "singing" on subspace frequencies is a deliberate attempt to lure passing ships into their field of influence. They can detect subspace emissions from ships and repeat "melodies", creating a strangely hypnotic effect for most space races. Ships are attracted to the Ivixor solar influence zone... ”.
Last edited: Dec 3, 2021