D7
D
Mar 17, 2024
#33,595
Jorki Rasalas said:
Mmm, I think this interpretation is sketchy. Why is the circle on the right a WW whereas the middle is a blue GG and the leftmost area of blue is ignored or it's Hell?
=> This is artistic and symbolic imagery but also a garden place. So the blue stone is simply being used where ever it best was fitted by a mason but helps the garden look uniform. It's not meant to get all gaudy and try to paint a realistic picture. That would be just ugly and not make for a nice clean garden place. This is called artistic license. Plus, if it's clue giving that is going on it would be meant to be subtle and require some imagination.

and the leftmost area of blue is ignored or it's Hell?
=> Again this is symbolic and artistic imagery. The big left main circle I said "I see" as an earth-like world. An earth-like world has both water and land. The blue on the left is symbolic for water while the rest of the circle contains grass, bushes and very realistic trees. This to me is imagery symbolic of an ELW. It's a bit surprising to me that you did not understand that.

I do think the bows of cement path-work arching through the ELW may represent sunrise bands indicating that this ELW is specifically NOT tidal-locked. Now why would one bother to indicate this? The answer is because it makes this ELW more rare and unique. It will turn out that only by having enough unique or rare aspects of a system will that system then become more identifiably unique in the huge counts of solar systems in the galaxy or huge Bubble space. If the solar system contains a clue to be found, you need to make sure it does not get confused with 10,000 other similar solar systems. Of course, the ELW being the first planet, and both tidal-locked and having a terriformable world moon compounds it's uniqueness. But there are also other rare-ish things I have pointed out that does make this solar system (if that's what it is) even more unique.

Jorki Rasalas said:
Why are those moons terraformable?
=> Again this is symbolic and artistic imagery. I'm simply saying that I see the rocket shaped pines or cedars as life objects and perhaps they are being used symbolically to indicate the terraformable potential of that moon or planet.

Jorki Rasalas said:
Why earth-like? This interpretation to me seems inconsistent to the point of wild conjecture and pareidolia.
=> I addressed this above but if you can't see that then I really, really can't give you an answer. Pareidolia? That's beyond a stretch that insults me seeing as I have actaully used data driven factual identifiers.

Jorki Rasalas said:
What do the short straight "paths" mean?
They are above and below two of the circles and also one connecting "path", and are too short to be proper garden paths , they start and end nowhere so cannot be walked properly so ought to carry some meaning but this interpretation ignores them...I don't have a thought on their meaning as yet but I can't see how they can be arbitrarily ignored.
=> This is a park area and remember you are looking down on this park from a considerable height. Those short narrow lines are simply benches to rest on and are irrelevant to the intended imagery and, of course you don't walk on park benches they are not intended for that. The varied wide stonework paths assemble the order of the solar system and give it artistic beauty.

Jorki Rasalas said:
This pattern is supposed to represent a garden layout with pools of water, so IMHO the colour blue is likely meaningless.
=> Oh gosh no. That is not water in that park. That is stone work or some kind of blue gravel pavement. Water would not look like what is in that image. It's clearly stone-like.
Last edited: Mar 17, 2024