Rochester
Mar 17, 2024
#33,587
SpaceGoblin said:
Indeed.

Spoiler tags deployed in the following tinfoil nonsense to condense images for your forum scrolling convenience

In the context of this discussion about the 'Garden Stations' I wonder if it could be the signal that the leftmost 'symbol' in the Garden is an ELW.

SPOILER: GARDEN DESIGN, ELW MARKED.


Why an ELW? The symbol in the splash sequence appears over an ELW.

Speaking of the Odyssey splash sequence - in I wondered if we might be supposed to decipher a location from the presented sequnce, as CMDR xdeath did in the way back to find the first Guardian Ruins - as this recalls (with footnote links for all your tinfoil/nostalgia/both needs).

From the Odyssey splash sequence then, I have identified three possible locarion clues.

First there is the main launcher image:


This image shows 3 CMDR's on foot on a rocky world/moon, with a Cobra III, an Anaconda, and most helpful in indicating a location, a ringed planet, possibly a Gas Giant of some sort, and a meagre smattering of stars.

I also believe that this image shows what is going on the CMDR (who is not one of the CMDR's in the launcher image - different/stowed loadout) in the next part of the sequence - the animated Odyssey title, where the Frontier logo appears, neatly framing the ELW as a CMDR looks on and a Cobra MKIII (for my money, the one shown in the previous image, providing the link between the two images to show they depict the same location).

Second - a still from the animated title sequence:



And here's a still from just before the logo appears, to more clearly show the ELW, and the stars occluded by the CMDR in the foreground:


The final part of the potential clue comes after the splash sequence, and after the compiling of shaders and whatnot, but before you are dumped into the game session selection screen.

This shows a planet, possibly an ELW, so possibly the one from splash sequence, with a Coriolis Station in close orbit in the righthand foreground, a star emerging from behind the planet, a small world or moon in the mid distance (the rocky body the CMDR's in the previous images stand on?), and possibly a far companion star in the background, and then a stary backdrop.

Final 'clue' image:


Ok, so that's a lot of tinfoil just to get logged in to the game!

And I am aware that it is, at this point, all tinfoil until/unless proven otherwise. It depends on a lot of 'ifs'.

But it might possibly a clue. Either to a location, or at the very least to point out the link between ELW's, the planetary symbol (it turns up in the UI in various places/slightly modified form) and the Station Garden 'map'.

I don't know if that's enough stars/planets to narrow down to one location, but it might be.

it does at least reveal that the Station Garden is a map, then frequency of that map occuring may not be relevant - it could just be in a lot of places to get as many eyes on it as possible, until a CMDR, or group of CMDR's cracks it.

EDIT: to add link back to my prev post.

EDIT THE SECOND: Forgot to add that I'm also aware that I'm behind the curve (been out of game for a while) and this might be well trodden ground I've missed the discussion on, if so sorry about dredging it up!
Click to expand...

In all of those images there is a whole bunch of background stars, hundreds in fact.

To visualise these all you need do is mess with the brightness, gamma and saturation levels to show an extensive background field.

I’m no cartographer so I couldn’t do a triangulation off these images, much like that Cmdr who found the Guardians. But the data is there, except I can’t see any galactic landmarks as with that launch trailer.

It’s not outside the realms of possibility.
Reactions:
SpaceGoblin