Rochester
Mar 17, 2024
#33,583
selbie said:
Been searching around places to find archival screenshots of these Tourist garden stations. I found a post on 3 April 2015 with some decent shots of the gardens.
Leonard Nimoy Station and the Imgur gallery linked there.
System: LHS 3006 -> Vulcan
Station type: Orbis
As you can see these are simpler designs - more 'plaza-like' and not overly symbolic.

Commenters around that time period also mention garden stations:
M.Gorbachev, Abe Lincoln, Li Qing Jao Stations - Sol
Galileo Station - Sol
Mars High - Sol
Gareth Edwards Park / Vonarburg Co-operative Station / Bokeili Station - Wyrd (whichever the "main station" there is)
Benlivia Station - Futhorc
Barker's Horizon Station - Futhark
Irkutsk Station - Alioth

[[Music Warning]] - timestamped video shows the full interior of M.Gorbachev Station at Earth. Video was posted 22 December 2014.

These 'palm tree' type garden stations like MGorbachev have definitely been covered over in more recent iterations.


Could this indicate FDev steering us to specific tourist stations, so players don't get sidetracked with these plainer wealthy stations. The systemic nature of their spawn conditions in the game - system type, population, economy etc, points to their locations being irrelevant to any "mystery" they may be pointing to. This would narrow it down to the Milton garden being a more generic clue.

Six station interior types for Coriolis, Ocellus, and Orbis stations are:
Click to expand...
So we might be able to establish from @selbie findings, and my own; that ‘palm tree stations’ existed circa 2015, but what this garden design?

I have just performed an image based search and found these images which identify a temporal lineage.

Below was via Twitter for November 2019, the garden design is encircled.



A Reddit post states an earlier date of seven years ago (2017), the garden design is encircled twice.



And this article from Polygon is date stamped earlier at June 2017, the design is encircled.


By the looks of these, some are likely FD approved images?

This puts the garden theory well within a temporal window prior to the Codex’s introduction, which was later in 2018; this raises the likelihood of the garden hypothesis being to a strong ‘maybe’!

It’s evident that if the theory were to be correct, then surely logically FD ought to have only seeded said design not arbitrarily but intentionally as @selbie correctly points out, to bring them to our attention.

We’ve proven outright their temporal lineage; now what would a spacial orientation reveal?

@CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian you do have I recall an extensive list, specifically of these garden systems. How many do you believe to exist and where could they all be situated?

Again we need to understand where this particular garden spawns.



I propose that if their proliferation in game is believed to be excessive, say in the thousands, it might not be a reliable concept to follow, but if the number were within a manageable range it might.

As to whether there is any spacial correlation is yet to be ascertained, it might not have been a conscious decision of FD to consider this, but it might help reduce or increase the likelihood of this concepts reliability.

Remember that on their own, the in game areas such as: The Lost Realms; Yggdrasil; The pantheon of deities etc on their own make little sense, but collectively establish a coherent shape and orientation - yet whose systems number in the thousands.

I would like to think FD thought to build this element into the hypothetical garden concept. If a list can be established I don’t mind mapping it and comparing it with various maps Ive constructed in this quest.
Last edited: Jun 1, 2024
Reactions:
selbie, Macros Black and SpaceGoblin