Darth Ender
D
Nov 21, 2019
#13,407
Normally, it would be fairly trivial to create a "parallel universe" in a game like this since it would essentially just another instance of the bgs with another spin of the stellar forge.

However, there's so much manual manipulation needed by fdev in the current instance, that I'm not sure it was programmed with foresight to be basically infinitely extendable that way so that's why a planet which just so happens to exist in a place in space that has a tear into hyperspace that slowly pulls whatever becomes adift in it out...would be much easier. This would allow all kinds of artifacts / materials to accumulate and be pilfered by anyone who could find it. Now supposedly the guardians etc would have discovered this and put protections around it to keep people from doing just that. The founders of the dark wheel would have discovered the key to gaining access after discovering the planet and realizing it was protected. Allowing them sole access to advanced technology / riches. Once this key was lost however, they could no longer access it, and eventually even the location of the planet was lost.

Something along those lines would be fairly easy to make happen without much work. It would mean that even if you found the location and it got out online, you would still have to go thru the intricate narrative to gain the access key needed to make use of it, and the hazards that could be added would limit the frequency of players being able to treasure hunt around it.


Another interesting idea that could be done is that raxxla is surrounded by a series of 64 satellites arranged in a buckeyball shape around the planet. Every week these satellites engage and transport the entire planet thru hyperspace to another system, chosen randomly amongst a set of two dozen or so seemingly scattered across the galaxy. Only one of which is near the bubble enough to have been the location found by the dark wheel so long ago. That's why it's location was eventually forgotten and lost, since nobody expected it would re-appear after having been observed to no longer be where it was. This would also be easy to implement in the game and it would keep the "find raxxla" alive even after it's found ...since there would be N number of other systems it might be in after it jumps and that means a new player could be the one to find raxxla next.

Finding raxxla ...i still think would be something similar to my idea above ...providing a sort of treasure hunt in space around the planet while you try and race against heat death picking up as much as you can ...then going to engineers who can create unique ship mods that nobody else will have or can have ....but _WILL _NOT be given back to you on ship destruction, since the pilots fed can't re-produce the part.
Reactions:
BluWolve and [PS4] Filthymick420