Six6VI
Nov 21, 2019
#13,415
Hanerib said:
So I've had to return to Kashyapa due to some irritating backpains (my yoga instructor tells me it's a karmic response to years of slave trade, banditry, auxiliary combateering and smuggling) and while slowly being bended into the tortoise pose,
SPOILER: KURMASANA
my instructor would tell stories about the Seven Sages, and how Kashyapa is connected to a constellation with similar name by choosing not to leave Mount Meru, which is the pole star. Or was the pole star, you never know with ancient Earth stories. The yogis here do not seem bothered by the fact that we are a considerable distance away from the Sol system. Anyway, I was being taught Kashyapa also means turtle, and is thus associated with the sacred mountain and the churning stick through being The Cosmic Turtle. Perhaps the Ocean of Milk was an allegory for the Milky Way, I didn't ask further. Apparently in this context the turtle would be called Kurma, an unrelated coincidence which I found funny. Samudra manthan, Kurma the second avatar of Vishnu, and amarita, the nectar of immortality clearly have some interesting analogues to ancient Mediterranean myths and world creation stories.

Later while drinking some aqua vitae, (fennel, cumin, light anise notes. Believed to be prepared from toxic liquids gathered from dying sandworms) waiting for my feet to be cleansed by small fish, I was thinking about what this all meant. You see, there are some interesting parallels to ancient Dark Wheel myths also. Ciragians revere tortoises as gods, and import mymurths to worship as incarnations and avatars of their gods. This is the unlisted system, having refused GalCop Federation status. But how are larval form Thargoids associated with them, and how come the man selling these creatures had spider-like parasites of his own, is a mystery for the next time.
Click to expand...
LOL! Entertaining as ever, but you do real-eyes the pole star changes due to axial precession, right?
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420