Louis Calvert
Jul 4, 2024
#34,435
I think this is worth reminding everyone of "Meet the Team #3: Michael Brookes (Executive Producer)" from 2013:

News - Meet the Team #3: Michael Brookes (Executive Producer)
Meet the Team #3: Michael Brookes (Executive Producer) Welcome to the third of our Meet the Team interview series. This week we have the familiar face of Executive Producer, Michael Brookes. Michael wears many hats on Elite: Dangerous, not only being the Executive Producer for the...
forums.frontier.co.uk

"Beyond your work as Executive Producer you are also the Head of Fiction for Elite. When fleshing out a universe or writing a book how much are you influenced by fact over fiction? Also, do you look more to the past or the future for ideas?
For me story is king. As long as I write a good story then I have done my job as a writer. That is complicated somewhat when you’re writing in someone else’s universe. Then you have to follow the rules of that universe. The backdrop for Elite has many parallels in history, but it also faces forward. One of the aspects I like about the Elite setting is that it’s a more pragmatic view of the future than many technological utopias you come across.

As an Elite fan is it safe to assume that you are also a long-standing fan of science fiction?
Yes, I’ve always been a big science fiction fan. My favourite book is easy, that’s Excession by Ian M Banks. My favourite game is also easy – that would be the original Elite back on the old BBC Micro. My favourite sci-fi film is a bit trickier; I think I’ll have to go with Blade Runner, a great film on so many levels.

How are you handling the pressure of writing the follow up to "The Dark Wheel" on top of everything else?
The novel is still in its planning phase and it's more of a successor than a direct sequel. I'm working closely with David on the basic story at the moment.

Have any authors in particular inspired you?
Too many to count. Reading is essential for a writer, even reading something that is badly written provides a lesson worth learning. I've been inspired by many writers over the years, John Milton's 'Paradise Lost' is the greatest story ever told. More contemporary authors include Clive Barker (he has an amazing imagination), Ian M Banks, Stephen King (No-one does small town creepy better) and James Herbert (He does great visceral horror)."


Brookes is a fan of sci-fi and Horror. As I've said in my own thread and here, Excession is listed as his favourite book and that features aliens from another dimension bridging over into ours via a black-body sphere that sparks a conflict. The aliens never appear in the book, it's all about the existential ramifications of higher-life forms (older more technological developed ones) encountering more primitive ones (primitive in this case being far-future AIs that are functionally inter-galactic and immortal).

Barker, Herbert, King - all horror writers. Arguably Milton also wrote horror of his own time.

We know there's allusions to 2001 in Elite Dangerous, and Braben cited that as an inspiration for Elite, I'm not sure how many of you have actually read that series of novels, but they're also sci-fi mild horror about higher-dimensional aliens monitoring developing life via the "monoliths", and when a species develops enough they're assessed (not always with good results, humanity is almost destroyed).

Raxxla is most likely a sci-fi horror story given who created it. There's plenty of that in Elite Dangerous already so it's not a tonal change.

"For me story is king." - Michael Brookes, 2013
As Iv'e said about the 'Milton garden' stuff; "how does that make sense in the narrative?" I think that should be a primary analysis when anyone is discussing Raxxla theories. It's not just about trying to find a code to crack or a symbols to puzzle together, it's about finding out how Raxxla fits into the game, why any particular 'clue' is embedded into the lore and narrative as more than just "it's a puzzle to solve".
Reactions:
simulacrae, Rochester and Neestar