Rochester
Jul 4, 2024
#34,426
Darrack said:
Nemb

I was there last week, its in the Codex as 'Missing Freighter', couldn't find anything new other than the 3 logs.

O7

Bingo, knew I hadn’t imagined it. O7

So does this qualify as a clue regarding ‘trinkets of hidden fortune’?

I have a pet-theory that Brookes utilised various such ‘stories’ to seed ‘tenuous’ clues that alluded to various mysteries in game.

I don’t pretend to understand the intention, but one theory might be these are locational clues towards some unknown ‘environment storytelling’, nudging us ever so vaguely in some uncertain direction.

Equally it might be evidence of some archaeological narrative never utilised or simply unrelated but contextual flavouring?

The system Nemb is in, LP 892-51 is technically relative to one corner of a triangle of systems denoting the Greek Fates in game, thats as much interest as I’ve been able to establish.

It may or may not be linked to Trinkets, but there is a suspicious similarity; talk of relics with hidden meaning and pirates who seek them above all other things!

In game when we hold Trinkets we attract pirates - is that their sole purpose?

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10311074

Regards naming, in my experience such hand crafted elements are usually named with some contextual significance, but in this instance I can’t currently provide any definitive origin meaning, which only further reduces the reliability of any link to Trinkets.

However, there is but one I could find, which is that Nemb might be an African word of the Bantu-speaking people, possibly meaning "gift" or "blessing".

It is like the Trinkets a curiosity.

Again many of my investigations revolve around locational mapping. Understand the spatial relationship to identify narrative hotspots, orientate oneself.

For if such locations had some original purpose, than they ought to have a spacial relationship with other narrative components, unless its simply arbitrary and unrelated?

“any writer of ustopias has to answer 3 necessary questions: where is it, when is it, and – in relation to maps – what shape is it? For unless we readers can believe in the ustopia as a potentially mappable place, we will not suspend our disbelief willingly.” (2004: 73) Margaret Atwood.

Last edited: Aug 26, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae, Darrack and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian