CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 13, 2023
#29,909
Han_Zen said:
They are all officially canon. Except the bits that were about the Alliance / Thargoid relations. That part was retconed.
Han_Zen said:
Earth absolutely existed in the lore of Elite. It was well outside of Galcop space and was not accessible to Galcop pilots, due to their limited trade maps. This is relatively clearly explained in Imprint .
In that case, your claim of "well outside GalCop space" is wholly void and without merit especially as your combat rating was based on reports sent to GalCop Federal Law Centres. Sol always was the legislative and military capital of the Galactic Cooperative (at least until Eta Cassiopeia). The fact it was for all practical purposes permit locked and edited off the maps doesn't change that. Andceeth was later the financial capital (only to be later replaced with Zaonce). This is why Lakon Spaceways originates there. This is further why Asp Mk II serves as one of the predominant Galactic Navy craft of the era. Also, Sol and Sirius Corporation jointly work with Faulcon Delacy to produce the Viper police ships.

As a member of the California Nebula enclave, you are wrong. There has not been a single part of the Alliance lore that was retconned as you so crassly claim (even Facece beacon "military base established" manages to affirm that Alioth was once a substantial product of androids). GalNet did not negate the existence of Sohalian Fever (it actually made the case for it being valid).

During the first game, Lave is a dictatorship. We are told in-game and through Elite Encounters RPG that Dr. Hans Walden does not come to power until August 3174. This is after the First Thargoid Contact (3125), after the "First Thargoid War" of questionable veracity, after the Thargoids left in 3151 per GalNet and GCS Saravasti, after John Jameson crash, after Klatt Enterprises and Stack and most of the INRA bases were defunct, and after Walden had twisted the dead Galactic Cooperative into a boogeyman (the propaganda begins even before a dictator seizes power). I challenge you to find any proof of prior dictators at Lave. Galactic Cooperative was unshockingly a cooperative. The Old Worlds Coalition yet another cooperative. The Federation and it's varying names that settled that region a democracy. Whatever aliens are in the first game, we were either outright lied to and they have come back twice or more or they are something else entirely.



Attachments
The case for Salvation being brought to justice.pdf
677.4 KB · Views: 100
Last edited: Apr 13, 2023