Han_Zen
Apr 13, 2023
#29,915
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
In that case, your claim of "well outside GalCop space" is wholly void and without merit especially as your combat rating was based on reports sent to GalCop Federal Law Centres. Sol always was the legislative and military capital of the Galactic Cooperative (at least until Eta Cassiopeia). The fact it was for all practical purposes permit locked and edited off the maps doesn't change that. Andceeth was later the financial capital (only to be later replaced with Zaonce). This is why Lakon Spaceways originates there. This is further why Asp Mk II serves as one of the predominant Galactic Navy craft of the era. Also, Sol and Sirius Corporation jointly work with Faulcon Delacy to produce the Viper police ships.

As a member of the California Nebula enclave, you are wrong. There has not been a single part of the Alliance lore that was retconned as you so crassly claim (even Facece beacon "military base established" manages to affirm that Alioth was once a substantial product of androids). GalNet did not negate the existence of Sohalian Fever (it actually made the case for it being valid).

During the first game, Lave is a dictatorship. We are told in-game and through Elite Encounters RPG that Dr. Hans Walden does not come to power until August 3174. This is after the First Thargoid Contact (3125), after the "First Thargoid War" of questionable veracity, after the Thargoids left in 3151 per GalNet and GCS Saravasti, after John Jameson crash, after Klatt Enterprises and Stack and most of the INRA bases were defunct, and after Walden had twisted the dead Galactic Cooperative into a boogeyman (the propaganda begins even before a dictator seizes power). I challenge you to find any proof of prior dictators at Lave. Galactic Cooperative was unshockingly a cooperative. The Old Worlds Coalition yet another cooperative. The Federation and it's varying names that settled that region a democracy. Whatever aliens are in the first game, we were either outright lied to and they have come back twice or more or they are something else entirely.



Click to expand...
There aren't any named dictators in Elite, but Lave is still listed as a dictatorship. Planet government type in Elite is not affected by Galcop. Galcop was space stations only.
That game is full of Thargoids, because it happens during the first Thargoid war. The last mission is a rescue mission to evacuate a station under Thargoid attack. You (the player) are John Jameson.

'GalCop Space Licensing Authority' was in Lave (Space station)
'GalCop Senate' was on Aruszati
All Galcop systems with law (not an anarchy or possibly feudal) were supposed to have Law centres.

The retcon on the Alliance / Thargoid relations only affect some books. All that is published from FFE in ED, happens before FFE the story branches. Almost everything up to this point in time in FFE, has been reconfirmed in ED.
The authors were told that one branch was selected to build on. FD later changed their minds and chose to go with more or less what happens if the player doesn't get involved.
As far as I know only Out of the darkness and And here the wheel, have bits in them that does not match the current lore.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and GURU-951