Rochester
Aug 29, 2023
#31,441
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Rochester, what is the current general alignment for the trunk of our tree?

Regards Achenar > Polaris negative.

If looking at Yggdrasil in game using our traditional galactic north/south alignment, the trunk is no where near this alignment.



I first thought (before reading Holdstock) the lower half of Yggdrasil was its underworld, so its easy to misinterpret it against our Galmap orientation.

In fact when discovering the Lost Realms, I wrongly named them an Underworld - simply because there were systems named after the Greek hell in this region, but this never sat right because certain Norse systems likewise attributed to an underworld were actually further ‘north’!

I found if I shifted Yggdrasils axis, the ‘tree’ made more sense, but I could not identify a logical solution, until I re-applied the Greek compass system!

I then began mapping the Greek gods, and noticed certain deities aligned to the Greek compass and certain Norse systems too.

I re-tead Holdstock and realised the area I attributed to an underworld was actually what Holdstock called an ‘Otherworld’.

Yggdrasil has its own ‘Otherworld’ Jotunheim the land of giants, a place where the ocean met the edge of the world, and then Njoror, a Norse god of the sea…

Now using this new axis the lost realms tie-in with Yggdrasil; not as an ‘underworld’ but as an ‘Otherworld’ a land beyond on the outskirts, on the outer rim!

Now considering this new alignment we can identify the north end of the trunk of Yggdrasil as Utgard, with the south end as Midgard.

The rune Hagalaz now sits somewhere in the middle, and the Bifrost road now aligns with the new north/south.

The hawk Veðrfölnir ought to sit at the trees apex, but its not in game, but it’s opposing entity at the south was the serpent Nidhoggr, this is in game as a body in Nastrond, and is under this new axis at the south relative to Midgard.

Between these two animals was a squirrel called Ratatosk, this is in game, and now sits halfway as it should; the great Midgard world serpent Jormungand, likewise is in the correct alignment.

Along this same alignment other systems began to make sense; such as the Greek and ‘older gods’ pantheon, for instance those gods linked to a north eg Helios etc now sit on this north alignment!

So my hypothesis is the trunk of Yggdrasil is from around Utgard to Midgard on a shifted axis, going away from Polaris.

This means the Lost Realms really are ‘obfuscated’ on the ‘outer rim’.

If this is by design it’s a wonderful work of Astro-spacial art and the designer (Brookes?) ought to be celebrated by FD. I find this structure beautiful, if Raxxla truly is in the lost realms area it’s a very fitting location and ties in perfectly.



*also: the three Norns (Norse) are now relative to the three fates (Greek) along this new axis alignment…


Last edited: Aug 30, 2023
Reactions:
simulacrae, Edelgard von Rhein and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian