CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 2, 2021
#22,578
Darth Ender said:
The dark wheel doesn't know the location of raxxla. No living human does or the DW would have found it.

There is no map, or again, raxxla would have been found, as it's been searched for over a hundred years with nobody finding it.

Finding raxxla isn't going to lead to the dark wheel headquarters or vice versa because they're in the same search as all of us. They're as close to finding it as we are.

The only thing hinted at in the game is about the dark wheel's location. Not raxxla's. They're no closer linked currently than finding the location of you or me based on the idea that we're both looking for raxxla.
Click to expand...


The Raxxla Codex would beg to disagree. If you read it carefully it more or spells out the relationship via the eagle myth of Delphi and the weird tie-in the Astrophil and Stella. Astrophil and Stella are the starting points that are equidistant from the Delphi system. If you know 2 lengths of a triangle you can solve for the 3rd. Given what we know the easiest way to get something where it is solvable is easiest by breaking the problem in three parts. Keep in mind Polaris has been the north star since the dawn of Greek civilization and even though it is is 3307 will remain as the closest bright star to north celestial pole for another 2000 years (from the current era). Lastly, the whole of the Alleged Toast is establishing the zone of the sky to look that is centered on Polaris.

Illiad Book XVIII (description of the shield of Achilles):

Then first he form'd the immense and solid shield;
Rich various artifice emblazed the field;
Its utmost verge a threefold circle bound;
A silver chain suspends the massy round;
Five ample plates the broad expanse compose,
And godlike labours on the surface rose.
There shone the image of the master-mind:
There earth, there heaven, there ocean he design'd;
The unwearied sun, the moon completely round;
The starry lights that heaven's high convex crown'd;
The Pleiads, Hyads, with the northern team;
And great Orion's more refulgent beam;
To which, around the axle of the sky,
The Bear, revolving, points his golden eye,
Still shines exalted on the ethereal plain,
Nor bathes his blazing forehead in the main.

The shield is the map. Every last constellation mentioned is in game in the northern sky revolving around Polaris.

This part hits that home..

"..To which, around the axle of the sky,
The Bear, revolving, points his golden eye,
Still shines exalted on the ethereal plain,
Nor bathes his blazing forehead in the main."
Attachments
bookofstarsbeing00coll_0047_cropped_white_balanced.png
42.5 KB · Views: 70
Reactions:
TrillClinton and clavain