CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 2, 2021
#22,569
[QUOT ="simulacrae, post: 9051436, member: 89608"]
Ya my problem is im always convinced the shiny thing is raxxla...

Edit - speaking of which: "They describe how a whispered phrase from an uninhabited planet somehow caused over 17,000 people to slaughter each other. Nobody knows if it was mass hysteria, psychological stress from decades in space, or… something else.”

Maybe time to try playing with the wandering planet connect the dots again....
[/QUOTE]

I will say this before I went to numerous systems that had mythological connections or scientific connections in addition to seemingly being referred to in the Alleged Toast. Ever single one came up dead ends. This is why I re-evaluated why it is in there. The Alleged Toast seems to only establish the area of sky and a sort of a map of what is related to Raxxla myth. You see Polaris became the North star in 510 AD/CE (the same time the Greek civilization became really established) and will remain the closest bright star to the north celestial pole for another 2,000 years ( https://usm.maine.edu/planet/it-true-vega-will-be-our-next-north-star ) due to precession of the equinoxes. Polaris fits in every possible way as it was the ancient North Star and still is the most recognizable bright star that is closest to the northern celestial pole. I looked at all these angles. It fits and I arrived at that conclusion in spite of my assumptions being completely different that others especially regarding mother of all galaxies and where the Alleged Toast leads. The Alleged Toast merely gives what is possible based on ancient myths and modern star systems. It is there merely to point towards Achilles shield which was commissioned by the mother of all galaxies for her son Achilles.


Actually, I need to revise my theory because the whole of the Alleged is about Thetis, Achilles, and the reason for the Tojan War.

"The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts."

The parent's grief is Thetis fear of losing her son. She tries everything she can to make him immortal due to his prophesized death.

The lover's woe is the reason for the Trojan War.

The last bit about vagabond hearts is both a reference to exploration but also why Achilles didn't want to fight ( see http://www.ancient-literature.com/why-did-achilles-not-want-to-fight/ ).

The whole Alleged Toast is a giant reference to Thetis, Achilles, and the Trojan War.

The pieces fit.
Reactions:
TrillClinton, clavain, Rochester and 2 others