Jorki Rasalas
Oct 21, 2021
#24,578
Rochester said:
So bit of spare time on my hands, decided to try my luck again with customer support.

I continued on from my previous enquiry but expanded it to include the codex, essentially asking if said assets Dark Wheel or Raxxla were actual and could be interacted with, based upon their advertisement in the Codex.

Just to test if FD have changed their policy concerning such discussion, especially in light of my recent confirmation from them that the Polaris permit was not currently accessible.

“In regards to the those elements you've mentioned, I'm afraid we have no additional information to provide from here at Customer Support; whilst here we can assist with technical or account issues, we leave such discovery to the adventurous endeavors of our esteemed Commanders and intrepid explorers!”

So it’s a non-confirmation again, however my initial question was to assess if advertised assets were ‘accessible’ note how this has not been denied.

Albeit their get-out is that they have no information to supply, a non confirmation is as good as a confirmation in my book.

So no real headway there but it was worth a shot, it’s open to interpretation if this is affirmation the Dark Wheel and Raxxla are currently discoverable.

Being in a positive frame of mind I might take this as a confirmation they are…

Click to expand...
Mmm, I think you made a tactical error, since any question related to Raxxla is ignored; I suspect this is a DB-mandated company policy! The first rule of Raxxla is you don’t talk about Raxxla! I think you might have stood a better chance of getting an answer related solely to TDW.

Remember the DB Youtube video ( “ED has a story that "embraces all the players"
m.youtube.com/watch?v=gDh9G1gDgMU) where he talked about an invitation to join a secret organisation as being an event that happens at a certain point in a player’s progression/journey through the game.

At 8 mins 20 he said ED does have a story, but it’s not a single-player threaded “rescue the princess” style story, it’s a story of your progression through the game, we will have things that happen to you at certain stages through the game, you’ll get invited to join things. If you get invited to join a secret organisation that’s a thing that can happen to lots of players, if you don’t get that invitation you’ll think to yourself why? I did kill that policeman the other day, maybe I need to get my reputation higher”....

Now, to my knowledge, after 7 years of gameplay we have had not a single player claim to have achieved membership of any such secret society (I am not counting the EPF, which I think we get at Elite status and certainly doesnt involve any notoriety value). So I want to know
IS THERE REALLY SUCH A SECRET SOCIETY IN-GAME?
IS THAT SECRET SOCIETY TDW?
IS THE MEMBERSHIP TEST/INVITATION REGULARLY TESTED BECAUSE IT DOESN'T SEEM TO BE WORKING!

Frustrated of Mu Leonis!
Triple Elite, Admiral and King
I gave my thumbs to this game and all I got was a lousy t-shirt...
and I had to buy that
Reactions:
Adel, electro, Emperor and 1 other person