CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Jun 1, 2023
#30,558
Rochester said:
True, but what does FD consider ‘environmental storytelling’ which adds texture and a history to the game, and what can be established as ‘data’?
Anything that can be verified. In short, gnosis.

The Greek word Gnosis (γνῶσις) implies a type of knowledge that is derived from experience, and encompasses the whole of a person. That is, it is genuine knowledge of the truth. Reality, truth, does not fit neatly into a concept, dogma, or theory, thus genuine Gnosis must also be something that one must experience.
Source:
What is Gnosis? - Knowledge is power - Glorian
The Greek word Gnosis has two primary meanings: First, Gnosis is knowledge from experience. Gnosis does not refer to knowledge that we are told or believe in.
glorian.org

Gnosis - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org


Raxxla is in the Milky Way: <
Source: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/66485194?t=46s
Michael Brookes: "It's in the Milky Way, but I can't tell you where at this stage. It's a journey that everyone has to travel for themselves."
There will be no clues, "but I think you'd have to make some of it a tiny little bit obvious so people know what they're doing."

---
Raxxla is the ultimate heresy. We are told a cabal of immense power controls it. This is why seeing through what we are told is important. Seeing, contrary to popular belief, is not believing. True seeing happens when belief is no longer necessary. The Revised Catholic Mission in Aymiay at Cooperworld, Beta Hydri, and Sol (Mars) is the religious arm of the insurgency running the Federation out of Olympic Village, Mars. This is also the reason for the LHS 3447 Academy for Novitiate Pilots. Novitiates are initiates to a religious order. This name was not chosen lightly. They are the Olympians. The Titans are based in Facece and Achenar since in 3008, Emperor Hengist Duval signed an agreement with then President Tyrell Biggs unifying the Federation and Empire.

The Club won folks. Quit believing their rubbish.
Last edited: Jun 1, 2023
Reactions:
Shadowsnog