cmdr milesred
Apr 16, 2022
#26,029
My portion of Role play.


.
seems a large point is missing
Expect the un-expected in the Codex
it is put together by two very large entities that are not entirely trustworthy.
Nothing to do with lore from my perspective.
Other than the lore collected since 2014 of playing this game where, I can guarantee the PF became questionable on day 1.
Cartographics did nothing for honesty along the voyage.
For me this is an experience that comes with playing the game from the beginning.
Even though there are explanations for the loss of thousands discoveries and loss of cmdrs names from early exploration, Cartographics are responsible in my eyes.

When the Codex did not exist, and some of us, me anyway did not like the idea of hidden entities tracking our every move.
My data in the codex is and has always been incorrect. It's not off by very much, but it is off.
So, I have had no faith in the Codex from its beginning.
Fudged data or rather counters that have been reset more than once.
Cartographics, all I can say is in reality, would NEVER get my cartographic data.
If it were possible, I would hunt down the office that makes changes.
And make a new entry.

I have more fear than respect for a bottomless pit of money that we never see faces from, that makes math errors and loses data, a lot.
(prg bugs or not, truth applied to history)

My statements are not because of anything fdev did to me.
My statements are very game related, due to experience in the game that changed my thoughts on these topics.

Even though some of what I have seen may well be coding and bugs and errors..
Things happened. And it makes far more sense to simply be very skeptical of what these 2 entities do and say.
4

That so much trust is given to any faceless entity is very un-natural.
I support Anarchy for a reason.
When the 'Law givers' and the Corporations cannot be trusted, Anarchy is what remains.
The History we know is always written by those in control of things. Right or wrong., Truth or Lie. This is what Human history is.
The truth always requires uncovering.
But Sheep do what sheep do. And this will never change.

My trust is firmly attached to my ships hard-points.