Jorki Rasalas
Apr 16, 2022
#26,031
Robert Rockbite said:
Actually, a "green" star could be a very common phenomenon - if we change the definition of green.
For example, if we use a spectrometer to analyze the light of Sol from the bottom of our atmosphere, we could define that the light is green, because that's where the peak in the spectrum is.
With this definition, the "colour of a star" could also be understood as the color of the peak of the theoretical black body radiation corresponding with its surface temperature (~ Wien's displacement law).

However, if we would follow the mundane convention that the colour of a star is defined by its visual appearance to the human eye, then the range of possible colours should be close to the black body locus, which, unfortunately, excludes green. For a more or less "normal" star to actually appear green, it would have to travel at a significant fraction of lightspeed. And it would have to be the star that is travelling, not us, because supercruise does not cause red-shift or blue-shift.

And in your picture above, the anomaly is not quite the same colour as the star either, but more blue.
So maybe it's a general feature of CMEs that their colour is tinted towards the peak of emission of the star.
However, this would mean that greenish CMEs should be quite a common phenomenon and therefore incompatible with the axiom that Raxxla is at least rare.

Maybe Raxxla is related to Glowing Green Giants? They are green and very rare.
Click to expand...
Ive been browsing my notes again (always a hazardous thing to do as it gets my brain wondering off on a few more hypotheses) and had a thought. There is, in the Guardians 2.2 release trailer
Source: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=iojsbuOzEuQ
a green light source used to illuminate the titles, & the green colour matches (to my eyes) the Raxxla icon/Guardian beacons. Perhaps best seen in the final few frames; I meant to capture that video and have a look at the star background -might be a clue, or might be marketing hype!
Last edited: Apr 16, 2022
Reactions:
Robert Rockbite