Robert Rockbite
R
Apr 16, 2022
#26,035
Jorki Rasalas said:
Ive been browsing my notes again (always a hazardous thing to do as it gets my brain wondering off on a few more hypotheses) and had a thought. There is, in the Guardians 2.2 release trailer

a green light source used to illuminate the titles, & the green colour matches (to my eyes) the Raxxla icon/Guardian beacons. Perhaps best seen in the final few frames; I meant to capture that video and have a look at the star background -might be a clue, or might be marketing hype!
Click to expand...

Great find!
I'd say the colour resembles Raxxla green alright.
And I wouldn't be too surprised if Raxxla would actually look like that.


Hm. Copy-Paste neutron star, make it green, modify stats?
Increase jump range modifier and damage to FSD, please.
Almost. Make the exclusion zone bigger.
There. Raxxla. Done. Let's have lunch.
However, with the strategy of recreating large parts of the game with Odysee, I am not quite sure if the efficient reuse of assets is a common practice at Fdev.

In the background of stars, the same patch repeats 4 times, like the notorious tiling on planetary surfaces in Odysee.
I would assume it's probably a random result of "We need a (generic) background of stars".
It's probably from a common place like Shinrarta Dezhra or Sol.

Could the background of stars reveal something by accident?
No. Not if there are 4 tiles and the stars look cheap, all stars white / grey.

Could the background of stars contain a deliberate hint? Oh yes. Would it? I doubt it.
On the off chance that it contains a deliberate hint, it could be a subtle difference in the 4 tiles shown.
Or it could be the location (not quite) in the middle, where all 4 tiles meet.

Could a neutron star in Raxxla green be a deliberate false trail?
Maybe.

Jorki Rasalas said:
Yes, I regularly do this now, but there’s only up to around 10 asteroids in each cluster, and not many clusters, so not a great hiding place. IMHO a planetary ring is the obvious place for FD to have hidden it cos they’re so hard to search....

I have been searching in clusters, too. But usually there are miners and pirates, even at rather remote systems.
Would be somewhat anticlimactic if I would discover Raxxla in an asteroid cluster while a pirate would scan me for cargo.
Reactions:
Adel