John Stoutbeard
Jan 1, 2023
#28,728
Louis Calvert said:
As I mentioned in my post we are all part of the Pilots' Federation by default.
Of course. But we need to observe whats missing. It's not being used in any other categories.
PF symbols only being used in certain situations.
Does it mean anything? Perhaps not.

Louis Calvert said:
Galmp is owned/managed by the PF, hence the use of the symbol there.
Yes, I just used it to establish this is without doubt the very symbol of PF. I didn't want to state the obvious.

Louis Calvert said:
The Dark Wheel is a sub-faction of the PF, hence the use of the PF symbol on the Dark Wheel logo. That's explicitly stated in the Shinrarta tourist beacons. Though if Lyta Crane is right, the Dark Wheel pre-date the PF by centuries.
Or the other way around. Perhaps TDW was such a shady club that it needed PF, made sure it was establised in the right manner in order to find the best of the best, in order to outcompete the competition.
We can't really be sure who the founders of PF nor the TDW is - and in what order they came to life. That's in the nature of having a shady cabal.
Or perhaps I've missed some lore who tells us specifically who came first and who founded what.

Louis Calvert said:
This isn't me hypothesising, this is literally the game lore

Further to that, there's an addendum on the intro letter in the manual that heavily implies that the Dark Wheel (not named) are testing us right from the very start. The whole process right from the first time you boot up the game is "part of the test".

Apologies, I should have included all this in my post recently, I assumed it was general knowledg
Yes, it is the game lore. and yes, those facts are obvious.
TDW testing us, that would also justify them playing their game to establish the PF for this very purpose.
So we can actually look at it both ways. PF being a section of TDW, or TDW being a section of PF.

But this doesn't bring us more facts or certainty.
I just like to look at the missing gaps and see if Occam's razor works better.

Capt Tinfoil. o7
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and Rochester