CMDRGURU951
Apr 6, 2018
#2,079
I think I might have figured out something. I say, I, but there have been others who have assisted to find the next clues with this. Specifically certain Canonn members.
This idea was first sparked by myself having the idea to input the planets, races and systems found in the Alien world's index into my Nav panel. I was surprised to find that there are indeed things to be found from doing that.

In the Alien World The Complete Illustrated Guide they tell the story of The Oisir-Raxxla and they tell the story of how they had found earth and founded Egypt. Soon after, they had created the pyramids and the pyramids were the stabilizers of the Talmor Lens, which gave them the ability to manipulate time and space. Although, the builders of the pyramids (stabilizers) had been born, raised and many died on the task ships that got them to Earth (basically generation ships) and they had forgotten exactly how to build the stabilizers and lenses and they messed up by pointing the pyramids at the stars, spelling the end to their dream. However, the Egyptians named the Oisir-Raxxla, Horus.

What I found in the index which did match up in my Nav were (these are not all Egyptian god names, but they are in the galaxy map) Algol, Almar (almarian race), Ghosts of Shulmeirik (Ghost of Jupiter Sector?) seem like an odd name to be in game if it has no ties to the book, Rana Federation (Rana just so happens to be a Fed controlled system) and Horus.

Using an online library of Egyptian God names (After having discovered Horus and Ra to be systems), I have found that there are Numerous systems named after Egyptian deity's and gods. All of them are very close to one another. Basically their own little bubble, within the bubble.

The current rumor in game has it that Raxxla has been found and that someone, or some group, secretly control it, protect it and keep it hidden.

What is basically smack dab in the middle of this bubble within the bubble? Sirius....
The ones who think they're so powerful that they can populate the entire galaxy.

Here's the gif showing all of the bookmarked Egyptian god systems + Polaris. [video]https://gfycat.com/TepidWholeDipper[/video]
Here's the list I used to cross check Egyptian god names into my Nav panel. https://www.ancient.eu/article/885/egyptian-gods---the-complete-list/
Last edited: Apr 6, 2018
Reactions:
Scytale and FarrSide