Machina Ergo Sum
May 7, 2020
#16,361
Han_Zen said:
El Dorado and Walter Raleigh.

I found a possibly interesting system, with a connection to El Dorado. The system is Chia: https://www.edsm.net/en/system/id/19504/name/Chia

The system has two outposts. One of them is called Raleigh Point. What does this have to do with El Dorado?

Chia was the Moon goddess of the Muisca people of what is now Colombia. The Chiefs (Zipa) of the Muisca were covered in gold during their initiation ritual and gave rise to the myth of El Hombre Dorado, which later became just El Dorado. Raleigh went on two expeditions to locate El Dorado and falsely claimed to have found both a city with lots of gold.

The Muisca creation story is also interesting. Chimichagua the supreme being, omnipotent god and creator of the world, decided to shine light across the . He first opened his gigantic belly from where light was shining. He then created two large black birds and launched them into . The birds spread light from their beaks which produced light in the . Thus he created light and everything in the world.

The two bids match with the Omphalos and the two birds of Zevs. I think it's fair to connect the two birds to Cygnus and Aquila. Two bird constellations, in the brightest part of the Milky Way band.

Chia(system) sits in Pegasus close to Markab in the sky(bottom right corner of the square), directly below the two Birds.


Could Raleigh Point in Chia be a possible rally point, to start an expedition?
I have not visited yet. Still a bit further out.


links:
Click to expand...

https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/page-745#post-8259045

I was looking at the Muisca some time ago and this below link was something which was obscured in wikipedia and the sources are not very good...

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muisca_religion_and_mythology

"The gods danced a very long dance (sas quyhynuca), with the music of the fo drum, in the first ceremony. This ceremony gave origin to space and time.
Then, the gods created the first materials of the universe: fiva (the air), faova (the cosmic cloud) and ie (the smoke). Then, they created the six directions of the material dimension, and in the middle of itugue, the emptiness, they created the centre of power tomsa (bellybutton of the universe). But, still the universe had no consistence, and they waited many bxogonoas aeons until the sas bequia, the beginning of the world. "

Just something curious

I'll post a TLDR soon
Reactions:
simulacrae, [PS4] Filthymick420, Hanerib and 1 other person