Vetinari
V
May 7, 2020
#16,366
@alexzk - the reason we don't mention Slavic cultures is probably because we generally don't know about them. Can only speak for me and my UK education during 70s,80 & 90s.

most of it is British History or through a British lens, how it affected us and always based in Christianity or Christian POV. 'Classics' is/was taught which was mainly about old Greek Gods almost on a level with fairy tales, they forgot to mention that's where Democracy as we know it was first thought, or the first computer, or the rest of the technological advances coz it doesn't fit in with the world view. WWII focuses on Holocaust rather than the battles or Slavic / Russian involvement. The Warsaw Pact was taught without context of why Stalin signed it after years if trying to ally or get a treaty with Britain.

At Uni I studied dictatorships (Stalin, Hitler, Mao) but again the focus was on Cult of the Personality and how/why they gained power and kept it, not on cultures apart from as a by-product (certain groups or people forced / exiled to Siberia for example - even then Siberia is misrepresented as a prison wasteland, no mention of the cultures that lived there for thousands of years)

So the average Brit knows far more about Greek Gods than any other ancient culture.

A lot of it is for political reasons ie the Cold War, we weren't going to be taught to honour and respect our 'enemy' when a lot of politics depended on or used fear of the same 'enemy'. Or respect for any culture really for that point, some individual exceptions (Gandhi) but even then the Partition after Independence was always given as an example of why the Empire was a good thing

I believe the American education focuses on the War of Independence and a lot of American children know the name of Revere.

Probably the same the world over, every education system teaches that country's history over all others, or makes it up and teaches that. Probably all imply that theirs is the greatest country on earth and they were on the side of 'right'. Very few look at the numerous 'wrongs' or atrocities committed by their governments but do highlight the others.

Its probably the main reason the English in particular have a reputation for arrogance abroad. When I travelled it was far safer to say I was Scottish or Irish. Hopefully the internet has reduced that as people see that people are people and kids don't believe the same stereotypes.

Keen to learn though so keep it coming please

tldr: theres probably more to be ashamed of in many country's history than there is to be proud of, if we don't learn from history we are doomed to repeat it.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Mrrshal, PeteACarter and 2 others