Rochester
May 7, 2020
#16,365
Han_Zen said:
El Dorado and Walter Raleigh.

I found a possibly interesting system, with a connection to El Dorado. The system is Chia: https://www.edsm.net/en/system/id/19504/name/Chia

The system has two outposts. One of them is called Raleigh Point. What does this have to do with El Dorado?

Chia was the Moon goddess of the Muisca people of what is now Colombia. The Chiefs (Zipa) of the Muisca were covered in gold during their initiation ritual and gave rise to the myth of El Hombre Dorado, which later became just El Dorado. Raleigh went on two expeditions to locate El Dorado and falsely claimed to have found both a city with lots of gold.

The Muisca creation story is also interesting. Chimichagua the supreme being, omnipotent god and creator of the world, decided to shine light across the . He first opened his gigantic belly from where light was shining. He then created two large black birds and launched them into . The birds spread light from their beaks which produced light in the . Thus he created light and everything in the world.

The two bids match with the Omphalos and the two birds of Zevs. I think it's fair to connect the two birds to Cygnus and Aquila. Two bird constellations, in the brightest part of the Milky Way band.

Chia(system) sits in Pegasus close to Markab in the sky(bottom right corner of the square), directly below the two Birds.


Could Raleigh Point in Chia be a possible rally point, to start an expedition?
I have not visited yet. Still a bit further out.


links:
Click to expand...
Vagabonds heart...

This popped up some time ago, I never really thought it relevant, until now.

Vagabonds Act 1597 - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

'one of these was the flamboyant Sir Walter Raleigh'.

Edit:
Mary Sidney had in her employ Sir Walter Raleighs half brother....

The Quest To Find Raxxla
Will answer to meself at https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8288524 Just came XTE J1748-288, it is 163.xx sols masses ... still no heat until u hit excl zone. This is biggest one I met except Sag A* Also there is cool bug ... once u engage from ...u have...
forums.frontier.co.uk
Last edited: May 10, 2020
Reactions:
PeteACarter, Han_Zen, Machina Ergo Sum and 1 other person