[Diplomacy] Carnegie
Jun 25, 2018
#2,725
Noobilite said:
That brings up another form of out of the box thinking. Opposites. What is the most in the box thinking possible. Eliminate anything exotic or unusual and limit it down to the most boring dull droll possible answer you can think of and if there is anything even remotely interesting and exciting about it, strike it from the list! 8D

If it were in the most stereotypical bad to place easy to locate worst game design related possible thing where would it be... And then maybe they got away with it by a fluke and have all been amazed we haven't found it yet. Although I think I have read several renditions of that in this thread already. But did we go far enough?! Maybe start a new game. Go forward and scan. Maybe it's right in front of you. If you never start out with a scanner. And never go back. Maybe it's the first planet you see when entering a fresh game. Maybe they expected raxxla to be the first thing we found and it was supposed to trigger a game event on someone locating it. And they keep saying there are no hints because it's so simple any hints would immediately destroy any need to hunt for it..

On a second note: "has to be a tiny bit obvious"

Maybe it's a tiny bit and it's obvious... What is the most obvious tiny bit in the game?!

You know they did re-release the original game in it's lower bit form and gave it to everyone who bought the game. Maybe the hints are in it. Is Raxxla in the free version of the 1980's version of elite? did anyone data mine it as opposed to the online game. They did promise to release a single player version of the game. And they did release the original to everyone who bought it(Which just happens to be single player. did they originally promise elite dangerous to be offline mode or did they word it cleverly and just say elite?!). Maybe they were being coy... Are there any obvious difference between the free version we got of the original elite and the actual original?





But which thing was he saying no to?! That the magazine wrote about it? Or that the game had Raxxla?! oO

And does it matter if this new free release could be different.



What B rock hermits?

Still reading but:




I don't know much about the game, but did anyone know there was an NES version of the original elite?




I'm assuming these interviews are old news. But I figured I'd put them up anyway just in case it's interesting.

Here is something a bit creepy!



On a third note:



Is this the Drew Wagner book in question?



This source says it's official cannon.


I have no idea which book is being referred too though. I'm not familiar with any of this outside of reading from this thread basically.

Did anyone consider when someone said it was, "within the range of a stock cobra," it was referring to this specific cobra and not a generic one you can buy.



Is there any possibility the Zurara dynasty expedition is related to the guy who got killed after supposedly finding raxxla and going back to the bubble to get a team. Maybe it's his expedition or similar.

Yeah, the Reclamation/Zurara stuff is all Formidine Rift - and unrelated to Raxxla.