[Diplomacy] Carnegie
Jun 26, 2018
#2,732
Scytale said:
Imho and I really hope it is so, we will not find Raxxla by chance, eventually jumping in a system et voilà... Nor will it be identified by this name (or does the PF know AND want us to know too???). It's a personal journey, a Quest. It requieres a parcour, things like ingame clues, rep, rank, permits and some knowledge of the lore. A young noob who never has heard of The Myth wouldl not be able to even recognize it, and possibly doesn't care. And meeting a faction called The Dark Wheel (the obvious tiny part, the "Look there" pointing arrow) neither would ring him a bell. It's an easter egg for fans of the first days of Elite. Who else knows about a certain celestial body, The Myth. You know what I am telling about. ??
Proof: FDevs never have advertised Raxxla. They never even explained WHAT is Raxxla in ED. They just gave cryptic and ultra short-answers to any question about Raxxla... when they did, indeed, condescend to give an answer other than everything is working as intended.( <-- hate that !)
The Raxxla Quest is on standby since 2.4. and/or since MB left ED(yes, the very one FDev who said the sequel would be played out in the game). It seems so obvious to me... I just hope the Q4 will bring it back on stage.
Imho.



EDIT: sorry for the teribble-Anglish text wall, but it's the psycho-penguin's fault ! This thread was so nice and quiet until he...
* back to ..zzz..*

To be fair, the bug report did say something like "Raxxla doesn't show up in the GalMap search", so it is very much 'working as intended'

Regarding the 'quest' concept, that's EXACTLY how I thought the FRift was going to work and I was utterly wrong about that.
However, it certainly seems that MB was the driving force behind what mysteries there are in the game - without him the Thargoids have turned into a simple pew-pew activity and GalNet has almost expired as a source of 'story'.

Still, I think even FDev at their most 'mechanics-oriented' are still capable of noticing that Raxxla fascinates people so my hunch is that (sadly) the Dark Wheel missions were just flavor, and not actually something meaningful.

I hope I'm as wrong about that as I was about the Rift.