Noobilite
Jun 25, 2018
#2,724
Cmdr Shijima said:
On my stint out at Colonia earlier this year I couldn't help fail to notice that a lot of the systems in that bubble have also been comprehensively explored. Of course, it's nowhere near the size of the home bubble and I do like your thinking Drew (I like any out-of-the-box thinking on Raxxla), but where does that leave us? Still the same old problems and questions, eh?



That brings up another form of out of the box thinking. Opposites. What is the most in the box thinking possible. Eliminate anything exotic or unusual and limit it down to the most boring dull droll possible answer you can think of and if there is anything even remotely interesting and exciting about it, strike it from the list! 8D

If it were in the most stereotypical bad to place easy to locate worst game design related possible thing where would it be... And then maybe they got away with it by a fluke and have all been amazed we haven't found it yet. Although I think I have read several renditions of that in this thread already. But did we go far enough?! Maybe start a new game. Go forward and scan. Maybe it's right in front of you. If you never start out with a scanner. And never go back. Maybe it's the first planet you see when entering a fresh game. Maybe they expected raxxla to be the first thing we found and it was supposed to trigger a game event on someone locating it. And they keep saying there are no hints because it's so simple any hints would immediately destroy any need to hunt for it..

On a second note: "has to be a tiny bit obvious"

Maybe it's a tiny bit and it's obvious... What is the most obvious tiny bit in the game?!

You know they did re-release the original game in it's lower bit form and gave it to everyone who bought the game. Maybe the hints are in it. Is Raxxla in the free version of the 1980's version of elite? did anyone data mine it as opposed to the online game. They did promise to release a single player version of the game. And they did release the original to everyone who bought it(Which just happens to be single player. did they originally promise elite dangerous to be offline mode or did they word it cleverly and just say elite?!). Maybe they were being coy... Are there any obvious difference between the free version we got of the original elite and the actual original?

http://www.atlantis-prophecy.org/recollection/?load=interviews&id_interview=37

R)
A couple of years ago, when there on Speccy scene was so much hype about Elite, some magazines wrote - there in game Elite is secret planet Raxxla. Is it true?

D)
No.

But which thing was he saying no to?! That the magazine wrote about it? Or that the game had Raxxla?! oO

And does it matter if this new free release could be different.

R)
What else secrets can be found in old 8 bit Elite versions?

D)
Various missions, there was a secret ship you could find (called the Constrictor), there were "Rock Hermits" to be discovered in some versions.

What B rock hermits? (And is there an official or hidden/easter egg constrictor anywhere?) I also just read something about the original constrictor having a cloaking device. Any possible relevance to Raxxla?!

Still reading but:
http://www.atlantis-prophecy.org/recollection/?load=interviews&id_interview=72

R)
What secrets can be found in eight bit Elite versions? What are difference between them and does in any of these exist a planet named Raxxla?

I)
I don't know. The missions vary across the platforms. There is no Raxxla functionality in the 6502 versions AFAICR.

I don't know much about the game, but did anyone know there was an NES version of the original elite?

R)
Which one is the best Elite version in your opinion?

I)
NES.


I'm assuming these interviews are old news. But I figured I'd put them up anyway just in case it's interesting.

Here is something a bit creepy!

R)
Is PC the gaming future, or maybe it's up to consoles? What are your expectations on Amiga comeback?

I)
Amiga's chances are nil IMHO, though I wouldn't describe my opinion as "informed". PCs and consoles will meet in some sort of ungodly home info/game-station wired in to the Internet and most likely with state surveillance capabilities.

On a third note:

Jaiotu said:
Put on the brakes there. Especially when using the word "fact" to discuss Raxxla orbiting Lave 2. No. Just no. That was from Drew Wagar's (very well written) fan fiction. No matter how well written, however, it still remains Fan Fiction and nothing more.



Your penguin senses aren't failing you.



As the axe-wielding penguin said ... some of the old Rift clues seem to be bleeding over again.

Is this the Drew Wagner book in question?

https://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2017-04-25-a-three-year-old-elite-dangerous-mystery-is-finally-unravelling

This source says it's official cannon.

The Formidine Rift mystery, though, is probably Elite Dangerous' longest-running puzzle. It was set in motion over three years ago, with clues dating back to January 2014, when author Drew Wagar was putting the finishing touches to his officially-licensed, considered canon book, Elite Reclamation.
I have no idea which book is being referred too though. I'm not familiar with any of this outside of reading from this thread basically.

Did anyone consider when someone said it was, "within the range of a stock cobra," it was referring to this specific cobra and not a generic one you can buy.

On 16th April - over three years after Elite Reclamation was released - the community was given a prod with the release of a transmission from an old, scrapped Cobra Mk 3 exploration ship by The Galactic News Network, aka Galnet. The message consisted of a series of 20 or so mythological references. The Elite community set to work.
Members of the Children of Raxxla were among the first to crack the code. Its members noticed that the first letters of the answers to the riddles included among them the word Rebecca, which the Children of Raxxla knew to be the name of the owner of the old Cobra.

Is there any possibility the Zurara dynasty expedition is related to the guy who got killed after supposedly finding raxxla and going back to the bubble to get a team. Maybe it's his expedition or similar.

Here's the setup:
CMDR Salomé, formerly the disgraced Senator Kahina Tijani Loren, is wanted by the Empire.
She is accused of terrorism and is a convicted criminal, found guilty of the attempted assassination of Fleet Admiral Denton Patreus.
Her co-conspirators; CMDRs Raan Corsen, Tsu Singh and Yuri Nakamura are also wanted for aiding and abetting her in her plans to destabilise the galaxy.
So far they have evaded justice and remain at large. Intelligence reports indicate that they will be attempting to reach an unconfirmed destination in the heart of the core worlds (the bubble) for reasons unknown aided by disaffected factions and other malcontents.

A bounty of 5 Million credits is offered for Salomé's death. 2 Million credits is offered, apiece, on receipt of similar proof of her conspirators' demise.
Consider all of them armed and extremely dangerous.


Do not engage in communications. Show no mercy. Kill them all on sight.
Last edited: Jun 25, 2018