simulacrae
Oct 11, 2024
#35,036
Then there is the Christian Palimpsest - Revelations (very similar imagery to the Spoils of Annwn)

A Shiny man (paraphrasing) appears surrounded by seven golden lampstands in his hand he held seven stars
I am the first and the last, and the living one. I was dead and see i am alive for ever and i have the keys of Death and of Hades.
The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches and the lampstands are the churches.
Seven stars - Pleaides

Let anyone who has an ear listen to what the Spirit is saying to the Churches. (sound familiar?) To everyone who conquers I will give some of the hidden manna, and i will give a white stone , and on the white stone is written a new name that no one knows except the one who receives it.
- hidden manna of course meta alloys... the white stone and name intrigues me.

To the one who conquers I will also give the morning star. Let anyone who has an ear listen to what the Spirit is saying to the churches.
Listening being repeated many times.... Have you been Listening?
- This is of course the UAs and the communications The morning star makes me think Sirius is involved- but arent they always.

After this i looked and there in heaven a door stood open! There in heaven stood a throne ... and the one seated there looks like jasper and carnelian, and around the throne is a rainbow that looks like an emerald. In front of the throne burn seven torches which are the seven spirits of god and in front of the throne there is something like a sea of glass, like crystal (nebula?). Description of the Seraphim....
-There is a connection between Cemiess and Pleiades Both are partially answering descriptions here. There was a recent community goal in Utopia land .... updating their Research Archive... but also working on something called the Acheron Interface. Acheron is the mouth of the river. Cemiess is the stone over the pool.

The one on the throne holds a scroll in his right hand sealed with seven seals. Who is worthy to open the scroll and break its seals?
- The Lamb takes the scroll... Lamb a symbol for Salvation... Opening of the Seals takes place one by one.....

i suspect we are at the fourth seal... Death and hades given authority over a fourth of the earth... Well It might have been about a quarter of the bubble (for a little while atleast)?

The fifth seal is about divine justice for the Martyrs... maybe with the new Powerplay the Marlinists will get some reward?
Last edited: Oct 11, 2024