simulacrae
Oct 10, 2024
#35,028
Louis Calvert said:
As already stated (many, many times now), that game has been entirely taken apart and Raxxla does not exist in any prior game. Full stop.

It's worth remembering that Raxxla wasn't really ever a Braben thing. It's probably only in Elite Dangerous because of a bunch of fans of the lore working on the game.

I don't doubt that the game was taken apart many times. But after reading the Stories of Life on the Frontier and the Journals from FFE looking at the structure and the types of characters used - I am certain that the idea was kept alive in the lore atleast if not the game (but ya i still suspect that something like the langford basalisk might have slipped through). I remember people telling me there was nothing about raxxla or the dark wheel in the FEII or FFE stories... And I accepted it untill i started going through Holdstocks books and looking at themes and characters. They were Wrong - There are real tie ins to Holdstocks idea of what Raxxla is in there. The problem is people are coming with preconcieved ideas of what Raxxla is. And just because it doesnt say "The Dark Wheel" or "Raxxla" in the text .... doesnt mean that it isnt being talked about.

An obvious bit is Lady Kahina...Rebecca... Alista Marlbron.... Elyssia Fields.... They are pointing to the fact that there are Characters that Repeat throughout the story.... Mythagos... or as they are explained in Elite as Clones.... These same characters are repeated throughout Elite and other non-elite books by Holdstock. I suspect Holdstock was basing things off of Welsh Myth (among others) but also a play on the Red Book of Hergest ... with the Red book of Jung.... The Couple that Holdstock carries through theses stories is in atleast part related to Jungs' Philemon and Salome.... yup interesting that Drew chose the name Salome.... Of course Holdstock puts his own spin and there are layers and layers of alluions to similar mythical quests/journeys... I finally got around to reading Merlins Wood (Merlin and Vivien). Was Good.
Last edited: Oct 10, 2024
Reactions:
Rochester and SergMx