Han_Zen
Oct 11, 2024
#35,037
simulacrae said:
I don't doubt that the game was taken apart many times. But after reading the Stories of Life on the Frontier and the Journals from FFE looking at the structure and the types of characters used - I am certain that the idea was kept alive in the lore atleast if not the game (but ya i still suspect that something like the langford basalisk might have slipped through). I remember people telling me there was nothing about raxxla or the dark wheel in the FEII or FFE stories... And I accepted it untill i started going through Holdstocks books and looking at themes and characters. They were Wrong - There are real tie ins to Holdstocks idea of what Raxxla is in there. The problem is people are coming with preconcieved ideas of what Raxxla is. And just because it doesnt say "The Dark Wheel" or "Raxxla" in the text .... doesnt mean that it isnt being talked about.

An obvious bit is Lady Kahina...Rebecca... Alista Marlbron.... Elyssia Fields.... They are pointing to the fact that there are Characters that Repeat throughout the story.... Mythagos... or as they are explained in Elite as Clones.... These same characters are repeated throughout Elite and other non-elite books by Holdstock. I suspect Holdstock was basing things off of Welsh Myth (among others) but also a play on the Red Book of Hergest ... with the Red book of Jung.... The Couple that Holdstock carries through theses stories is in atleast part related to Jungs' Philemon and Salome.... yup interesting that Drew chose the name Salome.... Of course Holdstock puts his own spin and there are layers and layers of alluions to similar mythical quests/journeys... I finally got around to reading Merlins Wood (Merlin and Vivien). Was Good.
Click to expand...
FFE was an incomplete game. There was quite a controversy at the time. FD was essentially pressured by their publisher to release the game, before it was finished.
Many of the stories in the Journals were never published in the game. They were extracted from the source code. The Basilisk story is one of these stories.
If you read the unpublished stories in the Journals, it's easy to see that they are supposed foreshadow a follow-up game. The possible abandonment of relativistic time, suggests that the plan was a multiplayer game.
We have that multiplayer game now. It took about 20 years more than the plan, but we got it.
When FD made ED they would have had all those old stories and probably a bunch more that was never put into the FFE code, in storage. Some have been implemented, some have been changed and some have been abandoned. The same goes for the stories that were actually in the game. A lot of it has been implemented and retold in the Codex, Galnet and tourist beacons. Other central concepts like half the Federal population being androids and the Empire consisting mainly of clones, have been toned down or completely erased from history.

All the old games have had literature that has hinted of mystery but with the excretion of the Thargoids in FFE, nothing was ever implemented in the games.

In ED there are mysteries in the game. Some are inspired by the old games and their literature. Our problem is that we can never tell if an old story means anything, without having it verified in ED. For the stories that we have verification of, we can never really tell if they have anything to do with Raxxla.
Reactions:
simulacrae and Rochester