Ian Doncaster
Oct 11, 2024
#35,034
The obvious problem with allusions is that there's more than one reason to use them. So while there probably are allusion clues around, that doesn't necessarily mean that every allusion is part of a single puzzle pointing to Raxxla. Sure, the Titans have been named after storm gods, and that might be a clue that Raxxla is in the Gurney Slade system [1]. Or they might just be named that way because it's an obvious way - that the SC Taranis also used decades previously - to indicate something as big and scary while also providing a thematic naming scheme.

The less obvious but I think more severe problem - after all, one could come up with a more focused answer that ignores the accidental red herrings - is
- because almost all the things with actual names are in or very near to the bubble, an allusion theory is almost always also going to place Raxxla in or near the bubble [2]
- those systems have all been thoroughly explored by conventional means over the last decade
- so if Raxxla is in one, it must be extremely well hidden, to the point where even Frontier coming out and saying "Raxxla is in this system" still might not allow anyone to find it

...and none of the looking at allusions seems to be producing anything on how it might be hidden within a system or what the key to finding it within that system would be.


[1] A gurney carries those who need medical care (like the Titan rescuees), while Slade sang "Slam the Hammer Down" (Thor's hammer, in this case).

[2] I have a vague theory that the six descriptions of the DW Toast might refer to six things (nebulae, systems, planets, etc.) which together form a (possibly irregular) hexagon with Raxxla at its centre. Enough candidates are outside the bubble that this could move Raxxla a few thousand LY from Sol at least, where the concealment could merely be "enough to stop a passing visitor" ... but what I can't find is enough clear candidates for some of the descriptions at all to make that work.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, El Saico and selbie