Louis Calvert
Oct 10, 2024
#35,029
simulacrae said:
I don't doubt that the game was taken apart many times. But after reading the Stories of Life on the Frontier and the Journals from FFE looking at the structure and the types of characters used - I am certain that the idea was kept alive in the lore atleast if not the game (but ya i still suspect that something like the langford basalisk might have slipped through). I remember people telling me there was nothing about raxxla or the dark wheel in the FEII or FFE stories... And I accepted it untill i started going through Holdstocks books and looking at themes and characters. They were Wrong - There are real tie ins to Holdstocks idea of what Raxxla is in there. The problem is people are coming with preconcieved ideas of what Raxxla is. And just because it doesnt say "The Dark Wheel" or "Raxxla" in the text .... doesnt mean that it isnt being talked about.

An obvious bit is Lady Kahina...Rebecca... Alista Marlbron.... Elyssia Fields.... They are pointing to the fact that there are Characters that Repeat throughout the story.... Mythagos... or as they are explained in Elite as Clones.... These same characters are repeated throughout Elite and other non-elite books by Holdstock. I suspect Holdstock was basing things off of Welsh Myth (among others) but also a play on the Red Book of Herges ... with the Red book of Jung.... The Couple that Holdstock carries through theses stories is in atleast part related to Jungs' Philemon and Salome.... yup interesting that Drew chose the name Salome.... Of course Holdstock puts his own spin and there are layers and layers of alluions to similar mythical quests/journeys... I finally got around to reading Merlins Wood (Merlin and Vivien). Was Good.
Click to expand...
I disagree strongly with almost anything that talks about Holdstock's non-Elite work.

Most of the things you mention (as you know) are from authors that wrote tie-in material.

Drew Wagar is a massive fan of Elite 1984 almost exclusively, and TDW novella, and is also a fan of mythology and mystery as well as being an author with all the influences that brings. Almost everything he created for Elite or helped with is rich in allusions to The Dark Wheel Novella and mythology.

However, as Drew has repeatedly stated probably hundreds of times by now, he (and from what he says none of the official authors) have any info on Raxxla other than "it exists". So using Drew's stuff to support any Raxxla theory is already starting on extremely shaky ground.

All this isn't new info, but worth repeating.
Reactions:
marx, El Saico, Han_Zen and 3 others