Rochester
Oct 30, 2022
#27,565
Louis Calvert said:
Hello everyone!

I'm sure most/all of this has been explored before but I wanted to share what I've been working on a bit and get some feedback on it. Many apologies if it's just repeating what's been said before (27k posts is a lot to check )

I'm thinking about Raxxla but only using the Codex. I'm working here only with this paragraph, for now:




Omphalos: "An omphalos is a religious stone artifact ... Among the Ancient Greeks, it was a widespread belief that Delphi was the center of the world ... and so was the place where Zeus placed the stone." "In literature, the word omphalos has held various meanings but usually refers to the stone at Delphi"


I know this one is pretty obvious but I thought it worth defining what 'rift' generally means: "a crack, split, or break in something. a major fault separating blocks of the earth's surface; a rift valley. a serious break in friendly relations."



Delphi is a system in the Pleiades, not far from the centre of the Thargoid 'bubble' of surface sites, near Merope/Maia, etc. It was originally designated Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55 until December 11, 3304 when it was renamed 'Delphi'. This is (as far as I know) () and I can find no reason to rename the system other than to reinforce the link with the stations located there and the Codex.



Now we have a connection between Omphalos in history being a stone located in Delphi, and a system being renamed to Delphi at the same time as the Codex listed the in-game information on Raxxla for the first time.


Delphi contains two stations: , and . Let's look at those.

clearly refers to Pythia, the name of the high priestess of the Temple of Apollo at Delphi. She specifically served as its oracle and was known as the "Oracle of Delphi". Therefore I don't think it's a stretch to say that The Oracle station in the Delphi system is a direct link to this.

was a sacred tree of the Germanic pagans. It's essentially a representation of Yggdrasil, which in Norse cosmology, is an immense and central sacred tree. Around it exists all else, .

So, in the Delphi system we have a station named for a mythical 'world tree' which represents the central foundation of reality, and a direct link to the Oracle at Delphi where Zeus located "the centre of the world" and placed the Omphalos stone there.


The Codex text says: "" We have a trail that can be read very literally as leading to the Delphi system. Within the Delphi system we have a connection to another mythology which features a dimension-spanning central tree: "Yggdrasil is a tree central to the Norse concept of the cosmos. The tree's branches extend into various realms, and various creatures dwell on and around it."

To me this seems to match this pretty neatly: "the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed." I think this essentially confirms that the Delhi system is the 'starting place' for the Raxxla hunt.






"The name derives from the two Greek words, 'aster' (star) and 'phil' (lover) ... Thus Astrophil is the star lover."

If we focus just on this for now, and not Philip Sidney's sonnets which seems to be the inspiration for the name - including the mis-spelling (-phel instead of -phil).

Assuming again this is a simple clue, this means "Princess Star Lover". A star lover could be simply 'an astronomer'.


This one is tricky. The most obvious answer is 'the galaxy', surely the ultimate 'spiralling stars' - but I don't think that's it...


We could simply read this as "Astronomer and The Galaxy". It could simply be a confirmation in-game that Raxxla is in our galaxy - may seem obvious, but I think that's actually pretty important and links to the fabled out-of-game confirmation that Raxxla is in our galaxy.

However, I think "Astrophel" is actually key here - 'Star Lover and the Spiralling Stars'. The Codex entry on Thargoids very clearly outlines "Queens, Princesses, and Drones."



In the abovementioned ancient Greek myth, Zeus is said to have placed the Omphalos Stone the temple at Delphi where the Oracle sat...

On the planet The Oracle in the Delphi system orbits (AKA the planet 'beneath' The Oracle) is an active Thargoid surface site.



Activating that surface site by placing in it (as we all know) shows the "" of what some call the Thargoid starmap. Every active Thargoid site shows the spiralling stars...




For now, I'm assuming that the fairly direct clues that lead to Delphi, and the link to Yggdrasil and it's connection to 'the nine realms' feels very on-the-nose to me in referring to the idea of Raxxla being a gateway to other realities/galaxies. Plus... and this is outside of the Codex and therefore I'm not using it as a clue, but in Elite 1984 there were 8 galaxies you could access with the hyperdrive - 8 is not 9, but it's possible to make that fit.

I'm still working on the rest of the codex entry, but I feel a lot of the rest is framing and it's a case of sifting out the non-clues from clues.

I we assume the idea of the Omphalos connection leading to the Thargoid starmap then this might directly refer to the Thargoids:


It's been suggested many times that shadowy cabals rule humanity, and it's been suggested that there are or have been connections to Thargoids. could it really be as simple as "Thargoids are essentially the key to Raxxla" maybe they are Raxxla, or they hold the Omphalos Rift - which in reality could actually simply refer to thier command of witchspace - which links fairly well with the Dark Wheel toast mentioned at the start of the Codex entry: "To the whisperer in witch-space" this could easily be Thargoids.

I also still think the codex logo for Raxxla is significant in some way but I have no idea what that might be yet.

Would love to hear some feedback and thoughts

*Edited for some spellings.
Click to expand...
Greetings and welcome back! a great application of logic.

Do believe many of us came to this same initial hypothesis very early when Delphi was inserted, it is very obvious,

As you’ve correctly identified the oracle resided over the Omphalos stone, placed by Apollo over a rift, the location of Pytho’s rotting corpse.

As you correctly identified the logical assessment would be something ought to be in that system, the planet directly under it, and the Thargoid base being very logical.

However it was investigated and the signal interpreted to be no different to any other, it’s highly likely somethings been missed, I certainly believe this system needs further re-testing… but I digress..

It is very likely something else also abides in this location, or that it is temporarily locked, due to narrative or some mission system, but none of us have to my knowledge found anything there.

If it’s narratively locked it’s simply a case of re-testing that system, the recent appearance of the ‘spiralling stars’ the stargoids, is another possibility… sad to think.

The Pleiades are also an integral system of stars within Greek myth, as well a being very prominent in the works of H P Lovecraft, linking it back to M Brookes, at face value it’s telling us to focus in this area….

However, at first glance the link to Yggdrasil via Donars Oak could also be a very obvious link to the various Yggdrasil systems within the bubble, as one of these systems has a permit and there is something peculiar about them…

Thread 'The Yggdrasil / John Milton conundrum'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-yggdrasil-john-milton-conundrum.607684/

The use of the Tau Ceti reference and date 2296, is also another potential tell taking us back to the bubble, potentially identifying a sphere of influence in the bubble!

We then have the Sol symbol (circle and dot) used in the Raxxla logo!?

The Raxxla logo is a hexagon, Thargoids are octagons.

Of course there also is the potential that whatever is in the bubble is simply historically inaccurate, as we know FD removed an earlier story linked to the Dark Wheel.

In part my personal opinion is that the DW Codex identifies this, but it’s not apparent at first glance, and potentially FD has used a form of retconned narrative within the Raxxla codex too… but who knows…?

So potentially the bubble might be unrelated, it’s presumed by a few of us that FD have re-purposed earlier narratives and influences.

And this is what I’ve endeavoured to uncover, because to leave historically inaccurate content in game, is counter intuitive if said content is repurposed without adequate explanation or exposition, because it generates false leads and points players away from content the developers want us to engage with.

We can only presume what they left in situ in the bubble has relevance… however that’s a presumption, broken links exist in game, it’s inconsistent, it could well relate to nothing at all, to something else entirely, or again something narratively locked.

I do think your onto something. I do believe it’s far more obvious than we ourselves are purporting it to be…

Good work, keep it up, a fresh perspective is very necessary, to test our presumptions, as more links will help establish your hypothesis and inform on others as false leads, because I do suspect there are a few floating about.

O7.
Last edited: Nov 1, 2022
Reactions:
CMDR Alice Meco, 3navis, Louis Calvert and 1 other person