CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Oct 30, 2022
#27,563
Louis Calvert said:
Hello everyone!

I'm sure most/all of this has been explored before but I wanted to share what I've been working on a bit and get some feedback on it. Many apologies if it's just repeating what's been said before (27k posts is a lot to check )

I'm thinking about Raxxla but only using the Codex. I'm working here only with this paragraph, for now:




Omphalos: "An omphalos is a religious stone artifact ... Among the Ancient Greeks, it was a widespread belief that Delphi was the center of the world ... and so was the place where Zeus placed the stone." "In literature, the word omphalos has held various meanings but usually refers to the stone at Delphi"


I know this one is pretty obvious but I thought it worth defining what 'rift' generally means: "a crack, split, or break in something. a major fault separating blocks of the earth's surface; a rift valley. a serious break in friendly relations."



Delphi is a system in the Pleiades, not far from the centre of the Thargoid 'bubble' of surface sites, near Merope/Maia, etc. It was originally designated Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55 until December 11, 3304 when it was renamed 'Delphi'. This is (as far as I know) () and I can find no reason to rename the system other than to reinforce the link with the stations located there and the Codex.



Now we have a connection between Omphalos in history being a stone located in Delphi, and a system being renamed to Delphi at the same time as the Codex listed the in-game information on Raxxla for the first time.


Delphi contains two stations: , and . Let's look at those.

clearly refers to Pythia, the name of the high priestess of the Temple of Apollo at Delphi. She specifically served as its oracle and was known as the "Oracle of Delphi". Therefore I don't think it's a stretch to say that The Oracle station in the Delphi system is a direct link to this.

was a sacred tree of the Germanic pagans. It's essentially a representation of Yggdrasil, which in Norse cosmology, is an immense and central sacred tree. Around it exists all else, .

So, in the Delphi system we have a station named for a mythical 'world tree' which represents the central foundation of reality, and a direct link to the Oracle at Delphi where Zeus located "the centre of the world" and placed the Omphalos stone there.


The Codex text says: "" We have a trail that can be read very literally as leading to the Delphi system. Within the Delphi system we have a connection to another mythology which features a dimension-spanning central tree: "Yggdrasil is a tree central to the Norse concept of the cosmos. The tree's branches extend into various realms, and various creatures dwell on and around it."

To me this seems to match this pretty neatly: "the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed." I think this essentially confirms that the Delhi system is the 'starting place' for the Raxxla hunt.






"The name derives from the two Greek words, 'aster' (star) and 'phil' (lover) ... Thus Astrophil is the star lover."

If we focus just on this for now, and not Philip Sidney's sonnets which seems to be the inspiration for the name - including the mis-spelling (-phel instead of -phil).

Assuming again this is a simple clue, this means "Princess Star Lover". A star lover could be simply 'an astronomer'.


This one is tricky. The most obvious answer is 'the galaxy', surely the ultimate 'spiralling stars' - but I don't think that's it...


We could simply read this as "Astronomer and The Galaxy". It could simply be a confirmation in-game that Raxxla is in our galaxy - may seem obvious, but I think that's actually pretty important and links to the fabled out-of-game confirmation that Raxxla is in our galaxy.

However, I think "Astrophel" is actually key here - 'Star Lover and the Spiralling Stars'. The Codex entry on Thargoids very clearly outlines "Queens, Princesses, and Drones."



In the abovementioned ancient Greek myth, Zeus is said to have placed the Omphalos Stone the temple at Delphi where the Oracle sat...

On the planet The Oracle in the Delphi system orbits (AKA the planet 'beneath' The Oracle) is an active Thargoid surface site.



Activating that surface site by placing in it (as we all know) shows the "" of what some call the Thargoid starmap. Every active Thargoid site shows the spiralling stars...




For now, I'm assuming that the fairly direct clues that lead to Delphi, and the link to Yggdrasil and it's connection to 'the nine realms' feels very on-the-nose to me in referring to the idea of Raxxla being a gateway to other realities/galaxies. Plus... and this is outside of the Codex and therefore I'm not using it as a clue, but in Elite 1984 there were 8 galaxies you could access with the hyperdrive - 8 is not 9, but it's possible to make that fit.

I'm still working on the rest of the codex entry, but I feel a lot of the rest is framing and it's a case of sifting out the non-clues from clues.

I we assume the idea of the Omphalos connection leading to the Thargoid starmap then this might directly refer to the Thargoids:


It's been suggested many times that shadowy cabals rule humanity, and it's been suggested that there are or have been connections to Thargoids. could it really be as simple as "Thargoids are essentially the key to Raxxla" maybe they are Raxxla, or they hold the Omphalos Rift - which in reality could actually simply refer to thier command of witchspace - which links fairly well with the Dark Well toast mentioned at the start of the Codex entry: "To the whisperer in witch-space" this could easily be Thargoids.

I also still think the codex logo for Raxxla is significant in some way but I have no idea what that might be yet.

Would love to hear some feedback and thoughts
Click to expand...
Seems well put together and really there is nothing that says we couldn't have gotten out there sometime between 2230-2296 given hyperspace predates Faraway. I also agree why highlight that system if not for some importance to the Thargoid Device Map.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert