Louis Calvert
Oct 30, 2022
#27,562
Hello everyone!

I'm sure most/all of this has been explored before but I wanted to share what I've been working on a bit and get some feedback on it. Many apologies if it's just repeating what's been said before (27k posts is a lot to check )

I'm thinking about Raxxla but only using the Codex. I'm working here only with this paragraph, for now:

"Several versions of the Raxxla story mention an alien artefact, the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed. These details however, were later shown to bear a striking resemblance to children's story Princess Astrophel and Spiralling Stars, and soon lost credibility. Undaunted, some Raxxla seekers insisted that the story's author had cunningly concealed facts about the mysterious locale in his book as hints for those with eyes to see."

The Omphalos Rift:
Omphalos: "An omphalos is a religious stone artifact ... Among the Ancient Greeks, it was a widespread belief that Delphi was the center of the world ... and so was the place where Zeus placed the stone." "In literature, the word omphalos has held various meanings but usually refers to the stone at Delphi"

Rift:
I know this one is pretty obvious but I thought it worth defining what 'rift' generally means: "a crack, split, or break in something. a major fault separating blocks of the earth's surface; a rift valley. a serious break in friendly relations."

Following this straightforward trail in-game:

Delphi is a system in the Pleiades, not far from the centre of the Thargoid 'bubble' of surface sites, near Merope/Maia, etc. It was originally designated Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55 until December 11, 3304 when it was renamed 'Delphi'. This is (as far as I know) the same day that the Codex Launched (https://community.elitedangerous.com/galnet/11-DEC-3304) and I can find no reason to rename the system other than to reinforce the link with the stations located there and the Codex.

GALNET: 11 DEC 3304 "... A new networked database system named the Codex has been released to the galactic community ... The Codex is a joint initiative from the Pilots Federation and Universal Cartographics... "

Now we have a connection between Omphalos in history being a stone located in Delphi, and a system being renamed to Delphi at the same time as the Codex listed the in-game information on Raxxla for the first time.

So what's in the Delphi system?
Delphi contains two stations: The Oracle, and Donar's Oak. Let's look at those.

The Oracle clearly refers to Pythia, the name of the high priestess of the Temple of Apollo at Delphi. She specifically served as its oracle and was known as the "Oracle of Delphi". Therefore I don't think it's a stretch to say that The Oracle station in the Delphi system is a direct link to this.

Donar's Oak was a sacred tree of the Germanic pagans. It's essentially a representation of Yggdrasil, which in Norse cosmology, is an immense and central sacred tree. Around it exists all else, including the Nine Worlds.

So, in the Delphi system we have a station named for a mythical 'world tree' which represents the central foundation of reality, and a direct link to the Oracle at Delphi where Zeus located "the centre of the world" and placed the Omphalos stone there.

Putting this together:
The Codex text says: "the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed." We have a trail that can be read very literally as leading to the Delphi system. Within the Delphi system we have a connection to another mythology which features a dimension-spanning central tree: "Yggdrasil is a tree central to the Norse concept of the cosmos. The tree's branches extend into various realms, and various creatures dwell on and around it."

To me this seems to match this pretty neatly: "the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed." I think this essentially confirms that the Delhi system is the 'starting place' for the Raxxla hunt.

Now we have the second part of that paragraph from the Codex

"These details however, were later shown to bear a striking resemblance to children's story Princess Astrophel and Spiralling Stars"

Astrophel:
"The name derives from the two Greek words, 'aster' (star) and 'phil' (lover) ... Thus Astrophil is the star lover."

If we focus just on this for now, and not Philip Sidney's sonnets which seems to be the inspiration for the name - including the mis-spelling (-phel instead of -phil).

Assuming again this is a simple clue, this means "Princess Star Lover". A star lover could be simply 'an astronomer'.

Spiralling Stars:
This one is tricky. The most obvious answer is 'the galaxy', surely the ultimate 'spiralling stars' - but I don't think that's it...

Putting this together:
We could simply read this as "Astronomer and The Galaxy". It could simply be a confirmation in-game that Raxxla is in our galaxy - may seem obvious, but I think that's actually pretty important and links to the fabled out-of-game confirmation that Raxxla is in our galaxy.

However, I think "Princess Astrophel" is actually key here - 'Princess Star Lover and the Spiralling Stars'. The Codex entry on Thargoids very clearly outlines "Queens, Princesses, and Drones."

Codex: "... a new queen, or 'princess', becomes a full queen only once it has produced drones of its own."

In the abovementioned ancient Greek myth, Zeus is said to have placed the Omphalos Stone beneath the temple at Delphi where the Oracle sat...

On the planet The Oracle in the Delphi system orbits (AKA the planet 'beneath' The Oracle) is an active Thargoid surface site.

Codex: "...Several versions of the Raxxla story mention an alien artefact...".

Activating that surface site by placing alien artefacts in it (as we all know) shows the "spiralling stars" of what some call the Thargoid starmap. Every active Thargoid site shows the spiralling stars...



Where does this leave the me?!
For now, I'm assuming that the fairly direct clues that lead to Delphi, and the link to Yggdrasil and it's connection to 'the nine realms' feels very on-the-nose to me in referring to the idea of Raxxla being a gateway to other realities/galaxies. Plus... and this is outside of the Codex and therefore I'm not using it as a clue, but in Elite 1984 there were 8 galaxies you could access with the hyperdrive - 8 is not 9, but it's possible to make that fit.

I'm still working on the rest of the codex entry, but I feel a lot of the rest is framing and it's a case of sifting out the non-clues from clues.

I we assume the idea of the Omphalos connection leading to the Thargoid starmap then this might directly refer to the Thargoids:
Codex: "Raxxla also plays a role in several conspiracy theories, most of which attest that it has already been discovered by some kind of sinister cabal (or sole tyrant), which has leveraged its power to establish covert dominance over humanity."

It's been suggested many times that shadowy cabals rule humanity, and it's been suggested that there are or have been connections to Thargoids. could it really be as simple as "Thargoids are essentially the key to Raxxla" maybe they are Raxxla, or they hold the Omphalos Rift - which in reality could actually simply refer to thier command of witchspace - which links fairly well with the Dark Wheel toast mentioned at the start of the Codex entry: "To the whisperer in witch-space" this could easily be Thargoids.

I also still think the codex logo for Raxxla is significant in some way but I have no idea what that might be yet.

Would love to hear some feedback and thoughts

*Edited for some spellings.
Last edited: Oct 30, 2022
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, MrSuction, CMDR Alice Meco and 4 others