Rochester
Oct 31, 2022
#27,578
Louis Calvert said:
Thanks I read your thread on Yggdrasil and Brookes -- very interesting! I recall those early days of MB's 'not clues', so to speak! I think you're right in that after no-one completed whatever steps they had originally planned on, Fdev decided they were going to be able to 'do it better' anyway. I have long-said that finding Raxxla back then wouldn't have been any more than a Tourist beacon - because that's really all there was in terms of POI in the early days

I think it's basically the Zurara situation. No-one found it (the Anaconda version) and Fdev had developed new stuff they could do in the game, so they upgraded it to a megaship and dropped more hints for people to find, that means several older clues and things didn't quite match, but it was close enough for most.

I think this exact same thing is what happened - maybe more than once - with 'Raxxla' (although I don't personally think it's a single location, see below!).


I wonder if the inclusion of in Delphi wasn't another clue, but instead the end-point of the clues you're highlighting in your post. Essentially, with my game-maker's hat on, if I had clues already in-game that I couldn't change - because they're planetary POI's or system names - I'd just contrive a way that they fit with the clues so everyone would end up at the same place.




I think it's interesting these specific examples are mentioned. All three are locations/people that have been supposedly located in various places around the world at various times, only for that location to be revised as knowledge expands. All three of these are now believed to be essentially fabrications, composites made of fragments of truth that have been wildly embellished and re-told so many times they are essentially myths. Feels like it's a direct comment at us trying to fixate on Raxxla fitting "all" the clues.


I spent a few hours there on Sunday. I explored it quite a lot, I didn't see anything at all that seemed different to any other site I've been to over the years.

I brought a few Guardian Relics to it and activated the machine to see if maybe that would provoke a different reaction, but it was the same as any other site and the green relics it made seemed no different. I scanned everything I could but there was no difference at all. It seems like any other active site.

No surprises there but I figured I'd check post-Salvation!

Currently, based on in-game Codex entries, I think the 'path' to Raxxla is simply:



I feel like the Codex is designed to push the curious towards the Thargoid content since that's the 'big ticket item' in the game and a new player reading the codex and becoming curious will follow that fairly easily and end up embroiled in the Thargoid stuff. Since it's been this way for years now and we've seen the development of the Thargoid plot and the rise (and fall) of Salvation - a figure that really seems to be mythical in many ways - it seems likely that whatever Raxla , it's now likely to be linked with the mainstream Thargoid plot moving forward.

The start of the Raxxla entry reads:


That's an interesting and very deliberate thing to include in the Codex. "To the whisperer in witch-space" is extremely compelling, only one thing that we currently know of (from the codex) relates to witchspace, and that's the Thargoids. The Pleiades were very important in early navigation, so that may relate to the "jewel that burns bright", although I think that's as likely to be Polaris which links to the theorised home of the real Dark Wheel (though may equally be Thargoid related due to FFE stuffs). 'Siren' is really direct link to Greek mythology (as are many things Thargoid related). It all feels very... Thargoidy.













Click to expand...
Bravo! That’s really insightful I like it.

We sometimes cannot see the wood for the trees, I like that logic, it fits neatly with how FD handled the retconned Dark Wheel missions in the Codex, I suspected this to be the same case with the Raxxla codex too; ‘don’t be looking at that old fluff, it’s nonsense - go here’.

It’s a bitter taste because still it’s difficult to comprehend even if you’re a new player ‘what’ it means.

But I think the Yggdrasil systems and John Milton content is potentially retconned, it fits with my hypothesis that Raxxla is unfortunately narratively locked to the Thargoids….

I hope to be incorrect.

I’m feeling rather jubilant so I may attempt to throw this hypothesis via a Comm Dev PM and see what happens, if the logic is sound then FD really ought to identify if we have uncovered a dead end?
Last edited: Oct 31, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert