Louis Calvert
Oct 31, 2022
#27,574
Rochester said:
Thread 'The Yggdrasil / John Milton conundrum'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-yggdrasil-john-milton-conundrum.607684/

..

In part my personal opinion is that the DW Codex identifies this, but it’s not apparent at first glance, and potentially FD has used a form of retconned narrative within the Raxxla codex too… but who knows…?

So potentially the bubble might be unrelated, it’s presumed by a few of us that FD have re-purposed earlier narratives and influences.

And this is what I’ve endeavoured to uncover, because to leave historically inaccurate content in game, is counter intuitive if said content is repurposed without adequate explanation or exposition, because it generates false leads and points players away from content the developers want us to engage with.

We can only presume what they left in situ in the bubble has relevance… however that’s a presumption, broken links exist in game, it’s inconsistent, it could well relate to nothing at all, to something else entirely, or again something narratively locked.
Click to expand...

Thanks I read your thread on Yggdrasil and Brookes -- very interesting! I recall those early days of MB's 'not clues', so to speak! I think you're right in that after no-one completed whatever steps they had originally planned on, Fdev decided they were going to be able to 'do it better' anyway. I have long-said that finding Raxxla back then wouldn't have been any more than a Tourist beacon - because that's really all there was in terms of POI in the early days

I think it's basically the Zurara situation. No-one found it (the Anaconda version) and Fdev had developed new stuff they could do in the game, so they upgraded it to a megaship and dropped more hints for people to find, that means several older clues and things didn't quite match, but it was close enough for most.

I think this exact same thing is what happened - maybe more than once - with 'Raxxla' (although I don't personally think it's a single location, see below!).

Yggdrasil connection:
I wonder if the inclusion of Donar's Oak in Delphi wasn't another clue, but instead the end-point of the clues you're highlighting in your post. Essentially, with my game-maker's hat on, if I had clues already in-game that I couldn't change - because they're planetary POI's or system names - I'd just contrive a way that they fit with the new clues so everyone would end up at the same place.

Concept: Raxxla isn't one thing, or in one location:
Codex: "Much like the ancient myths of Atlantis, El Dorado and the kingdom of Prester John"

I think it's interesting these specific examples are mentioned. All three are locations/people that have been supposedly located in various places around the world at various times, only for that location to be revised as knowledge expands. All three of these are now believed to be essentially fabrications, composites made of fragments of truth that have been wildly embellished and re-told so many times they are essentially myths. Feels like it's a direct comment at us trying to fixate on Raxxla fitting "all" the clues.

Update on the Delphi Surface site:
I spent a few hours there on Sunday. I explored it quite a lot, I didn't see anything at all that seemed different to any other site I've been to over the years.

I brought a few Guardian Relics to it and activated the machine to see if maybe that would provoke a different reaction, but it was the same as any other site and the green relics it made seemed no different. I scanned everything I could but there was no difference at all. It seems like any other active site.

No surprises there but I figured I'd check post-Salvation!

Currently, based only on in-game Codex entries, I think the 'path' to Raxxla is simply:

Delphi > Oracle > Thargoid Surface Site > 'starmap' spiral > Thargoid signal (map) > Col 70 locked sector > ?future content?(Stargoids?) > ???

I feel like the Codex is designed to push the curious towards the Thargoid content since that's the 'big ticket item' in the game and a new player reading the codex and becoming curious will follow that fairly easily and end up embroiled in the Thargoid stuff. Since it's been this way for years now and we've seen the development of the Thargoid plot and the rise (and fall) of Salvation - a figure that really seems to be mythical in many ways - it seems likely that whatever Raxla was, it's now likely to be linked with the mainstream Thargoid plot moving forward.

The start of the Raxxla entry reads:
Codex: "To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies! To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void! The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!"

- Alleged toast of the Dark Wheel

That's an interesting and very deliberate thing to include in the Codex. "To the whisperer in witch-space" is extremely compelling, only one thing that we currently know of (from the codex) relates to witchspace, and that's the Thargoids. The Pleiades were very important in early navigation, so that may relate to the "jewel that burns bright", although I think that's as likely to be Polaris which links to the theorised home of the real Dark Wheel (though may equally be Thargoid related due to FFE stuffs). 'Siren' is really direct link to Greek mythology (as are many things Thargoid related). It all feels very... Thargoidy.

Entire speculation begins:

SPOILER: NARRATIVE SPECULATION AND THEORY CRAFTING










Reactions:
CMDR Alice Meco and Rochester