Thatchinho
Jul 3, 2019
#9,272
HunterwithGreenScales said:
I've been kicking around a neat little theory, tying in all the recent stuff regarding the Gan Romero mystery. So i'm just gonna copy and paste some stuff i previously wrote on the Discord, and see what you guys think:

"I'm just gonna throw my ticket into the ideas hat and say: He is/was headed in the direction of CD-37 10033.

1.) Its in a nebula ('an area of space, not black but radiant…glowing like heaven,')

2.) Its VERY far away ("It was fitted for exploration with a high jump range, and it sounds like this guy was heading somewhere really far away.")

3.) This theft is connected with the Halseys Incident ()

Which is significant because: A. That was Guardian related. B. The Guardian Homeworld is widely theorized to be in Gamma Velorum, a Wolf-Rayet star system. C. CD-37 10033 is a Wolf-Rayet star in the center of a nebula.

A Wolf-Rayet star is believed to be involved in the evolutionary history of the Guardians: "The original Guardian data logs (Language 13. Biology 3. Biology 17. Biology 19. History 3. History 4) provided hints to the Guardian's home system's (and planet's) identity".

CD-37 10033 is far above the Galactic plane. Which naturally makes it far enough to be impossible to reach normally by any available means of jumping. A perfect place for exiles perhaps.......

As the human/Guardian FSD hybrid booster demonstrates, the Guardians had more advanced jump capabilities.

There could be listening post anywhere between Vega and there that may suggest his (Gan's) ultimate fate.

The Guardian-Cyborgs that were cast out during the Guardians history, and were never mentioned again in the data, and whom may have escaped the Guardian's home bubble's demise, MAY have continued to develop their own technology and improved their jump ranges to ridiculous degrees.

To take a shot and tie this in with the Raxxla mystery. Those "Dreams" that both Gan and Halsey had could have been happening with many different people though-out history. Thus explaining how people would have any idea of Raxxla without ever having been there before! The Dark Wheel could have been researching this, gathering up any and all evidence on what and where, for centuries."

Sound plausible?
Click to expand...
It's certainly plausible that Raxxla is Guardian related. All too plausible, and my personal position is the same as it always is when we discuss Raxxla being Guardian related - I really hope it isn't. There's room in the Galaxy for many mysteries without them all having to be connected.

On the visions front - it's certainly possible that they've happened in the past. However it's also possible that it started as a result of the advent of the FSD. The existence of Guardian FSD Booster suggests that there's a similarity / compatibility between the tech. Not that I'm suggesting that the FSD might actually be based on Guardian tech or anything like that...

But let me just chip in on various other things in the post.

(Disclaimer before going into the rest of my comments - this probably isn't the appropriate thread for some of this, so am just doing this all here as this is where it's come up. It's also quite long so there's a tl;dr at the end.)

All's good to start with. Then:

HunterwithGreenScales said:
B. The Guardian Homeworld is widely theorized to be in Gamma Velorum, a Wolf-Rayet star system.
'Theorised' is a bit of a misleading word here.

It's a conclusion that someone jumped to without any sound basis, and which gets circulated without any thought given to whether it's plausible or not.

What the situation is is that GV/Regor is the 'centre' of the Regor Permit Locked region, which is at the 'centre' of the main Guardian area to the East of the bubble.

Now it's certainly possible (even likely), that the Guardian homeworld is somewhere in the Regor Permit Locked region, but it being Gamma Velorum itself is a very different matter.

It's worth bearing in mind here that the region lock is put there by someone from humanity. The centreing on GV does not mean it's the Guardian home system. There's good reasons for centreing it on GV, which are not related to whether or not it's the Guardian home system.

Coming back to the Guardian home system being Gamma Velorum;

HunterwithGreenScales said:
A Wolf-Rayet star is believed to be involved in the evolutionary history of the Guardians: "The original Guardian data logs (Language 13. Biology 3. Biology 17. Biology 19. History 3. History 4) provided hints to the Guardian's home system's (and planet's) identity".
It's not really the case that a WR star is believed to be involved in the evolutionary history of the Guardians. (Well strictly speaking it is the case, but in the sense of a belief being something that some people think without evidence and/or despite contradictory evidence.) What happened was that someone (no naming and shaming) massively jumped to a conclusion which was along the lines of 'GV has an unusual star class name - it must be that!'

To recap, here's what we know about the Guardian homeworld:

It was an ELW
The sunlight was stronger than that on Earth for most of the Guardian's evolutionary history.
The Gravity was (probably) a bit less than Earth's
It had a moon.

It might be possible to infer a bit more from the Guardian's skin colouring being shades of red, but that gets into competing evolutionary factors, so doesn't really allow any firm conclusions. (Specifically, it could be an evolved protection from light which is strong in red wavelengths, or it could be an evolved camouflage which would imply that vegetation isn't using the red part of the spectrum, which would imply that the red part is comparatively weak rather than strong.)

What we know then is something happened at some point, and that was what lead to the development of the Guardian civilisation. What's described is:
Global Climate Change
A dimming of the Sun
A global drop in temperatures
Worsening weather

All that happened was that someone looked at the 'dimming of the Sun' and essentially went 'GV is an unusual star class - therefore it must be GV!!!'

Let's take a quick look at some other factors:

What's discussed is a dimming of 'the Sun'
Gamma Velorum is at least a quad star system, with two pairs of binaries (though this doesn't necessarily mean that it's not the same system - 'the Sun' could just be a rough translation, and the original word could refer to a pair rather than a single star).
Pair 1 is a Blue Supergiant and a WR. Their age is 3.5 - 5.5 MYr
Pair 2 is Blue-White Supergiant, and an unknown partner. The age of the Supergiant is 8MYr
Age of Sol for comparison is 4,600 MYr
GV as a whole is one of the brightest stars in the sky from Earth in the present day.

It's the age that really seals it.

The first evidence of simple life on Earth dates to approx 1,150 MYr after the formation of the Sun. Estimates of earlier existence still goes to 300 MYr after the formation of the Sun.

Multi-cellular life took around 3.6 MYrs to evolve on Earth. That's 500 to 1,000 times longer than Gamma Velorum has existed for.

So, discounting the possibility that FD didn't think this one through, the Guardian homeworld pretty much cannot possibly be in Gamma Velorum.


Having said all that, there's a possibility that the dimming of the sun was down to the WR in GV. With an initial mass of approx 40 times the mass of the sun (Will label this as Ms for convenience., and a current mass of approx 9 Ms, there's 31 Ms matter to be accounted for. Some of this would have been taken by the partner star, and estimates put about 10 Ms being expelled into the Interstellar Medium. An observed ring nebula likely corresponding to a mass ejection is at 2.1 ps (6.85 ly) at present day. See https://arxiv.org/abs/astro-ph/9910555

Assuming a constant velocity for a mass ejection shell corresponding to the observed ring nebual, then a quick bit of sums:

Age is 3.5 to 5.5 MYr
Assuming an ejection age of 1MYr.
Travel time is 2.5 MYr to 4.5 MYr
Velocity is 6.85 ly / Travel time = 2.74ly/MYr to 1.52 ly/MYr
Guardian extinction is approx 2 MYr ago.
Assume sun dimming was 2.5 MYr ago.
Time of event after star formation is from 1MYr to 3 MYr
Time after mass ejection is from 0MYr to 2 MYr
Distance from GV is 0 to 3.4 ly.
Due to how the factors relate there's probably a maximum distance which is between the two scenarios being calculated, so let's generously round up to 4.5 ly.
Let's round up a little bit further to account for vagueness in the time of the sun dimming event.

So implications are that the Guardian home system would have to be within approx 5 ly of GV in order for the passing mass ejection shell to have been what cause the apparent dimming of the sun.

Candidate checking can be done via the Galmap or possibly via the EDSM database (if you fancy giving it a shot @PeteACarter ?) - GV's in there (via trilateration) but not sure if any of the nearby stars will be.


Anyway, despite it not being possible for GV to be the Guardian home system, it's still very possible that GV and WRs held a deep significance for Guardians. So none of this invalidates your idea.


HunterwithGreenScales said:
The Guardian-Cyborgs that were cast out during the Guardians history, and were never mentioned again in the data, and whom may have escaped the Guardian's home bubble's demise, MAY have continued to develop their own technology and improved their jump ranges to ridiculous degrees.
It's pretty likely, although it's also pretty likely that in the 2MYrs since the exile they're progressed much further than that. The biggest factor is whether there was a re-unification with the Guardian AI. If so, that would very likely have lead to a step up into exponentially increasing development. Halsey's descriptions are certainly very indicative of something that no longer has its original corporeal form. As much as they may have developed longer jump ranges, they also may have reached a point where jump distances were no longer a relevance. So there's a bit of a risk in assuming that somewhere being a high jump distance away means they might have gone there corporeally - though equally it doesn't mean they didn't.

HunterwithGreenScales said:
CD-37 10033 is far above the Galactic plane. Which naturally makes it far enough to be impossible to reach normally by any available means of jumping. A perfect place for exiles perhaps.......
Not sure what the motivation associated with being exiles would be. They were exiled, not being hunted. Not saying that you're definitely wrong, but I don't think that 'exiles' + 'long distance' on their own means they definitely would have gone there. It's a 'Possible but not especially probable' IMHO. And I'm definitely not saying it's not worth further consideration and investigation.

Tl;dr:

Gamma Velorum can't be the Guardian home system.
RL stuff suggests that for the climate change event that lead to the rise of the Guardian civilisation to be a result of the WR in GV, then the Guardian home system would need to be within 5 ly of GV.
Though GV isn't the home system, WRs might nevertheless have a deep significance for Guardians if their home system is reasonably close to GV.
Exiles going to a distant system beyond the ranges of standard Guardian jump range? - Possible but not especially probable IMHO.

o7
Reactions:
AOpsyche, simulacrae, Han_Zen and 1 other person