yelboc
Jul 3, 2019
#9,270
PeteACarter said:
Tin foil ready?

Adriaan Van Maanen is credited for his work with spiral galaxies (Spiralling stars). He also discovered evidence of exoplanets, but didn't realise it. He is probably best well-known for naming, you guessed it....Van Maanen's star. Being Dutch, but ending up living in USA could, at a stretch, link to Fernweh.

What really gets me, however, is the ED law around Van Maanen's star. Why would the Feds gift an entire system, to a religious sect, who make their followers live underground, whilst their leaders live the high life in Tau Ceti - where the Raxxla rumor was first recorded. (I bet behind closed doors, the leaders take those robes off and put designer jeans on!) and then make it illegal for people to enter without the permission of the sublime order.

Anyway - my suggested answer to this question is...."to hide something". Now my dates don't work brilliantly here, as the system was gifted around 200 years after it was discovered, but, I am wondering if the Feds suddenly needed to hide the martian relic, which I'm proposing is AKA the opmhalos rift.

Now, I don't think that Raxxla is IN Van Maanen's star, but I am wondering if there may be a system rogue/exotic - which might only be accessible from this system. I better start grinding an allied status...!
Click to expand...

I'm allied there now (was meaning to pick up the permit as part of my collection) and there doesnt seem to be much special about it. The greeting is amusing, something like ' we sang for you at evensong' etc. but I asume most people get this message if allied.

Anything to look out for? I notice that Hutton Truckers control the Coriolis, which is a bling type with parks with statues - very smart, but nothing to buy there.. The planetary outposts belong to the sublime order - but nothing very interesting.

Old lore for Van Maan's star include a short story about them called 'On the wrong side of the law' by David Massey in which a ship with passengers is dropped out of hyperspace into Van Maan's system which is run by a strict sect - different name to the sublime order though. This is part of 'Tales from the frontier' - google is your friend
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Count dEstard and PeteACarter