HunterwithGreenScales
Jul 3, 2019
#9,265
I've been kicking around a neat little theory, tying in all the recent stuff regarding the Gan Romero mystery. So i'm just gonna copy and paste some stuff i previously wrote on the Discord, and see what you guys think:

"I'm just gonna throw my ticket into the ideas hat and say: He is/was headed in the direction of CD-37 10033.

1.) Its in a nebula ('an area of space, not black but radiant…glowing like heaven,')

2.) Its VERY far away ("It was fitted for exploration with a high jump range, and it sounds like this guy was heading somewhere really far away.")

3.) This theft is connected with the Halseys Incident (https://community.elitedangerous.com/galnet/uid/5ce65512b22e87324244c4d5)

Which is significant because: A. That was Guardian related. B. The Guardian Homeworld is widely theorized to be in Gamma Velorum, a Wolf-Rayet star system. C. CD-37 10033 is a Wolf-Rayet star in the center of a nebula.

A Wolf-Rayet star is believed to be involved in the evolutionary history of the Guardians: "The original Guardian data logs (Language 13. Biology 3. Biology 17. Biology 19. History 3. History 4) provided hints to the Guardian's home system's (and planet's) identity".

CD-37 10033 is far above the Galactic plane. Which naturally makes it far enough to be impossible to reach normally by any available means of jumping. A perfect place for exiles perhaps.......

As the human/Guardian FSD hybrid booster demonstrates, the Guardians had more advanced jump capabilities.

There could be listening post anywhere between Vega and there that may suggest his (Gan's) ultimate fate.

The Guardian-Cyborgs that were cast out during the Guardians history, and were never mentioned again in the data, and whom may have escaped the Guardian's home bubble's demise, MAY have continued to develop their own technology and improved their jump ranges to ridiculous degrees.

To take a shot and tie this in with the Raxxla mystery. Those "Dreams" that both Gan and Halsey had could have been happening with many different people though-out history. Thus explaining how people would have any idea of Raxxla without ever having been there before! The Dark Wheel could have been researching this, gathering up any and all evidence on what and where, for centuries."

Sound plausible?
Reactions:
PeteACarter, xzanfr, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person