Jorki Rasalas
Sep 3, 2020
#18,595
SkyRock said:
if it's boring, let's discuss the theory that there are hidden missions at certain stations, with the help of which the case may move further)
Or we will discuss a toast)) I now think that the true polar star is the pearl in the crown, but what can be a whisper, I don’t know ((

I like the hypothesis that there are hidden missions, but where are they and how can they be unlocked? Until someone has some evidence to support it then it’s only a hypothesis, not a theory.

I’m not convinced by the polar star hypothesis. To me it’s far more likely that it’s Sol (there’s a suggestive Galnet
post), or Alpha Centauri, or Gemma (Alphekka), or V886 Centauri (“the diamond star”-check it out on Wikipedia, been used for SciFi plots that DB may have been aware of).

However in English “whisperer” can have two meanings- either someone who speaks very quietly in a whisper, or a very knowledgeable/capable person in a particular field (e.g. “horse whisperer”). So for me the second line of the toast that goes “To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void!” is highly suggestive of Sirius, since Sirius Inc are specialists in fsd (and, according to some in-game lore suggestions, who have undertaken dirty ops to hide their drive failures), and the siren of the deepest void is Lucifer, the planet by Sirius B and the fallen angel who whispered to Eve in the Garden of Eden and who was cast into the deepest void according to Milton’s Paradise Lost.

It’s the third line that I can’t solve! Not getting anywhere with interpretations via mythology. My previous Paradise Lost hypothesis (search this thread) suggested Alpha Centauri’s Eden.The “parent’s grief” is singular (only one parent), but FD are noted for frequently poor grammar so not a strong piece of evidence, however my Paradise Lost hypothesis fitted all three lines beautifully, but I didn’t find any trace of a stealth station at Eden (may only be instanced once you have the invitation) or Raxxla. sigh.

To me the first three lines are directions, while the last “to Raxxla” is just a poetic ending. In a toast it’s likely that all three objects (one per line) are visible (& possibly equally spaced) from the place where the toast is said, so I think TDW stealth station. Alternatively it’s a quest guide, each line providing the next journey to take in the quest.
Last edited: Sep 6, 2020
Reactions:
Fiera, Vetinari, Rochester and 3 others