Thatchinho
Jun 17, 2020
#17,607
Thatchinho said:
Well, it gets slightly confused by the newer set of logs, but from the older set, the original Guardian AIs were based in their interstellar network, and also then based at least to some extent within (some) Guardians themselves via their brain implants.

The picture that’s painted is that at that point there’s a nascent Bio-AI singularity beginning to happen but that’s where the problems really start happening because it creates a massive division in Guardian society between those who are part of it and those who are religiously against any machine enhancement of Guardians.

That then leads to the first civil war, and the exile of the Guardians who were part of that nascent singularity.

That nascent singularity and everything that went with it is then consequently gone for the AIs, which sets the scene for what they’d had / what they’d been, and the sheer scale of what had been taken from them.

The second set of logs then paint the picture of what happened to them afterwards. (This is all just the civilian AI I’m talking about so far, btw)

It’s a tale of a fall from incredible heights to become the lowest rung in society. Maybe not malevolently mistreated, as such, but downtrodden shadows of what they’d been and with no prospect of things ever getting better. Except it wasn’t a fall at all, it was violently forced.

And that I think, my good sirs, tells the real story of why the Guardian AIs ultimately did what they did, and how the Civilian AI were able to persuade the Military AI to do what they did.
Click to expand...
Just going to add on this that I’ve never actually laid this out specifically before.

Rather, when the topic’s come up, I’ve just pointed vaguely towards what I considered to be the most key parts in the logs, with an aim of letting people read the stuff for themselves and draw their own conclusions.

For the avoidance of doubt:

Paras 1-3 summarise explicitly stated info.
Para 4 starts with an statement of something inherently consequential of what’s already been covered and is then general commentary.
Para 5 is general commentary
Para 6 is a mix of a summary of explicitly stated info with things that I consider to be implicit in the logs.
Para 7 is general commentary

The stuff in Para 6 which I am finding implicit in the logs is obviously the key point of vulnerability in the argument put forward. I’m happy to elaborate though if there’s any specific ‘where on Earth are you getting that from’ type questions!
Reactions:
Han_Zen, turkwinif and simulacrae