Roen Soul
Jun 17, 2020
#17,604
Well...

The truth about Elite "Raxxla" is printed on one old Game Magazine with complete instructions how to play through the entire game. The original gamer was from Russia who wrote about it to the magazine. The Article was about the fact there was nothing new released about Elite for a long time and this information would help those who had been bored to just fly around... This magazine is released Finland in 90's after 1989 Finish/Russian hackers found out how to tweak the memory of Amiga to unlock ALL the missions.

Anyway... There are few magazines that had Elite codes which were actually not hacks at all but secret codes with in the game... Every conversion of the game had their own.
Raxxla was in Amiga version. I do not know anything about PC version or other... I did not have any other computer and I did like the Amiga version the best.

1989 C= Interview.
David was very secret about everything he did for Elite as he was just in his 20s while coding this game. He was affraid that his secrets would be copied by other game companies.

Totally agreed.
=D

But, when the game is out there... Electronic engineers did not hack the game itself, they hacked the computer hardware in order to reveal secrets of everything. =D
Computers were extremely modified to do all sorts of things. Memory tweaking was one of major things back in days due fact it was one that everyone had to deal with.

Back then "hacking" games was not only fun, but something everyone did. Even the DEVs left there codes for the players to find and to cheat with.



When game is played through, or you get so stuck in game that it becomes really boring... These games offered "help" to get forward. Sometimes this made the game more fun.
Elite was not any different from this. There are plenty of secret codes that can be used to Jump, Miss Jump... Well to tweak everything in the game... If you did it on Amiga, C64, what ever NOBODY cared. It was your game and your score, nobody really cared...

Today hacking destroys games because we are in a competition against other gamers, but in 1980's 90's... Games... Hacking...
The best game experience after the game was played through was actually to return into game and bash everything in a god mode just to get the last fun out of it...

Raxxla

It is indeed legendary. I am more looking forward to see how it has become to be after all these years. All this new computer technology allows it to become far better than it used to be. AND IF you would just find the coriolis space station, the disapointment would be quite massive? Or would it actually be so? - What if the legend crew bigger than it actually was... The truth if it would be extremely simple would actually be even more legendary than a massive finding of super high tech place with peace...

Honestly... Raxxla was higher tech than human... Add there hundreds of years... I think it has become far more than just a spinning coriolis space station... Or maybe.
Well, we will see... Someone will for sure. It will be a huge finding to the person who finds it. I hope it will be something more than just a coriolis space station due to lack of memory that had to be tweaked so that the game fits into the memory... Now that is not a problem... The problem today is expectations. HUGE expectations.

Yet, when and if I ever get there. I will park my ship there and quit. I will no longer play this game after that.
Just because it had the end missions linked in Amiga... Well for me this would be the final chapter of my Elite Dangerous and I would quit with peace.

You know, I am dieing in real life. I accept death in game to live my final days I have left. My chapter in this game is over no matter I would so much love to continue...
I do not know my date... It would be dream to buy these mega ships and have it, but I do not have the time to upkeep it. I would like to live long enough to walk in my ship, but I have to fight for my life every day and wait for the doctors information to tell if they continue with medical threatments or the worse... I am in that edge.

In Elite Dangerous .. I am somewhere there in space floating with my Anaconda...
I was supposed to scan few sectors and get Elite rank in combat, but I found myself fighting against pains.


PS:
Those weird alien bugs you could buy as your pets in game were a funny DEV joke in Elite. They would be troublesome but funny as hell. They looked almost like idiotic pac man ghosts crawling all over your screen. You just had to reset the entire game and remove all the saves if you failed to get that score right at first time.

Commander Roen Soul
Reactions:
Fozz40, Hanerib, Mrrshal and 1 other person