Emperor
Jun 22, 2020
#17,658
Emperor said:
I'm about 23 hours out from supercruising to 509 for a laugh (and rule out what obviously won't work)... but also check the nav panel for nothing unusual... I suspect it might take a few days to actually be disappointed if I don't get bored and go and look down another rabbit hole... ;-)

I have honked every so often... nothing extra...

Well that didn't go strictly according to plan...

1st Attempt - clearly underestimated the amount of fuel needed in an ancient Cobra.... bailed out at about 13 hours to go from memory...
2nd Attempt - mildly underestimated the amount of fuel needed (it was close!).... so decided to do some stints with life support off to save a little more fuel...with my first attempt of fuel saving and holding my breath the ship exploded with 2 mins of oxygen left.... I don't know why...
3rd Attempt - vastly overestimated the amount of fuel needed - dumped almost everything but shields (you never know!) and a wake scanner....

So on the 3rd attempt and roughly 7 mins away (which actually turns in to 1/2 hour to get to zero metres) I recorded the last bit of the journey.

Source: https://youtu.be/0zxZSzjs8wI



Interesting things that happened and times in the video (there's links on youtube if you select "show more")....

1. 12:00 - As you get very close to the system in super cruise, the system marker starts to jump around.
2. 16:19 - You still can't jump to the system when you are on top of it! (No surprise!)
3. 16:30 - When you drop in as close as you can and boost to the System marker continues to jump around.
4. 17:26 - When you drop down from super-cruise roughly 6LY from the nearest station you don't expect a Federal Security ship to drop in and scan you before high-waking (He went to Manguts - Yes I thought about jumping after him and losing the 24 hours of flight time getting to this point and had it said LFT 509, I would have of course tried following him!) - glad i didn't dump the scanner to save weight!
5. 29:50 - "Honking" shows the same 23 bodies as it it does everywhere else in the system (Up to 5.98LY - can't vouch for further!)
6. 30:05 - The system map and galaxy map don't take account of you having moved to the location of the next star system.

I am still there (with plenty of fuel!) if you can thing of any other tests before I jump out....
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Exekrator, Lest and 5 others