Edelgard von Rhein
E
Dec 28, 2018
#4,801
I have observed that there has been a great deal of mapping going on since 3.3 came out, with most systems I pass through in the Bubble and even in between the Bubble and the Pleiades all having 'first mapped by' tags around even the most remote bodies. Yet we have not heard anything about discoveries related to The Dark Wheel or Raxxla (and not even any new Generation Ships, although I know someone found one in beta and then went there in live and discovered it). This absence of discovery suggest to me three possibilities:
The Dark Wheel station and Raxxla are located in an out-of-the way place that has not yet been visited in 3.3.
The Dark Wheel station and Raxxla are in a system that is not accessible.
The Dark Wheel station and Raxxla are easy to overlook and have been missed by anyone passing through the system.
One of the first few things I did in 3.3 was to visit the Panacea Medical Centre to hear Salome's last words. This installation was only revealed after I had mapped the world it was orbiting (HIP 17519 A1a), so I think that The Dark Wheel station may be similarly hidden. It would be easy to overlook, especially if it were orbiting the eighth moon of a gas giant around a very distant secondary star. That said, I have also seen 'first mapped by' tags around very distant secondary stars in nondescript systems in between the Bubble and the Pleiades, so although I think this to be the most likely explanation, I am not convinced that it is the correct one.
.
In the New Year I plan to do some reconnaissance inside and around the edge of the Bubble (but not significantly beyond it - I'm assuming it would have been reachable with much earlier and shorter-ranged hyperdrive systems than a modern engineered FSD) to try and find The Dark Wheel station. The description in the Codex about being approached and having a discreet test administered and passed (without knowing at that time that it's The Dark Wheel you're working for) suggests to me also that a regular-looking mission might send you there, or have a chained (follow-up) mission that sends you there. If I'm wrong, at least I'll be getting some mission rewards for my time!
Reactions:
CMDR Hagglebeard and Rochester