Rochester
Nov 16, 2019
#13,339
Idle thoughts through these doldrum waters...What if...

What if from the outset Raxxla was discoverible just by playing the game as the devs intended?

Early dev diaries put a lot of focus on lore and fiction to breath life into what FD even described as a repetitive universe.

Later DB himself discussed how they got it wrong and how they didn't expect players to fall into repetitive gameloops, that small factions should have sent you out to interesting places.

How Galnet ought to hint to you of discoverible things and market prices.

What if the key to finding things in game was just to play their way?

Hard to say, which is or isn't the correct way, is it fixed, is it still broken?

One thing Im certain of, to understand something, to develop intelligence to interpret the information available, it first has to be consistent.

You can predict most things even with minimal information, as long as you know its correct, the modus operandi is consistent.

The best method to obscure an intent is to be inconsistent. To change your MO.

Has FD unintentionally fiddled with their originally simple and obvious method of finding Raxla and inadvertently obscured it further... if there ever were a path.

I certainly feel thats what happened (intentionally or unintentionally) when the older DW missions folded.

In retrospect maybe we asked the wrong questions, instead of 'is Raxxla in game' it should have been 'is there a mechanism or play arc towards finding Raxxla' or is it just an arbitrary point in space with no reference points?

'No clues' I alway held up soley as an admission that representatives of FD wouldn't give out hints, but in game there was an 'obvious' direction.

That path I do now feel is long-gone since the Codex arrived, but such inconsistency has helped only tilt us at windmills...

The answer may be as plain as the end of our noses...we may never know but I'm starting to believe the theories that tourist beacons are the likliest paths.

But is it consistent? Thats what gets at me, is this now a stack of needles holding up a few straws.
Last edited: Mar 11, 2022
Reactions:
Six6VI, simulacrae, Machina Ergo Sum and 6 others