Jorki Rasalas
Nov 5, 2019
#13,113
Vetinari said:
Was Salome ranked Elite btw? I got the impression she wasn't but may have been let in because of her exposure of the whole Exodus saga, otherwise it kinda falls down flat there in terms of lore consistency but that's nothing new so not that worried. Do you have to be Elite to join DW these days? Back in 1984 Dark Wheel story said yes or at least Alex father said start there, but nowadays Im not sure that's still lore.

That video basically says that the EFP allows lesser ranked pilots in to do the lower rank needed missions and because they 'recognise' that the pilot is elite, they just haven't played long enough (made enough kills) to actually get the rank yet, so it allows us to be in the EFP from Day 1 at Harmless and do their missions. Its more for gameplay than story I think. (That Royal Navy analogy confused me, if English isn't your 1st language it may have completely confused what he was saying, or at least what I think he was saying, I may be more confused than I currently know) Rank is not based on skill it is based on a 'kill counter' and the EFP know and recognise this.

I have a horrible feeling the whole DW saga will be part of an update or CG (shudders at the thought) and open to everyone at the same time. I hope not. So we all have to promise not to spoil it for each other, if we get invited, we wont tell anyone else here how its done or even that we got the invite.

Made me laugh that DB never got to Elite in 1984. not just me then I got to Deadly 3 times and Dangerous a few more but always reset the game as all the challenge had gone by that point.
Click to expand...

Not sure that Drew Wagar’s Dark Wheel (Rebecca, Elyssia, Luko, etc with HQ in Rebecca’s ship in Tionisla graveyard) are anything to do with FD’s TRDW, their stealth station and Raxxla; since we do know that he was not party to anything to do with Raxxla. And EPF seem similarly unrelated to TRDW (unless they are the same thing and it’s more obfuscation!!), as Han_Zen said it may have been dropped after DB’s talk although a quite similar mechanism may also be used for TRDW recruitment. We do know (I think) that TRDW is a multi-tentacled organisation. None of the various Elite-ranked members of this thread have reported any such recruitment overtures!
I think DB’s words about Royal Navy and ensigns were confusing; think he was saying the RN have the White Ensign but other organisations have “defaced” versions (e.g. British Antarctic Territory), but don’t see the relevance, must watch it again. We really don’t know anything about how to join TRDW, whether Elite is necessary or not. Would make sense lorewise, but I think it’s not combat necessarily, more likely Exploration since they’re a set of “adventurers, explorers, investigators and treasure-hunters”
Last edited: Nov 5, 2019
Reactions:
Han_Zen and [PS4] Filthymick420