Han_Zen
Nov 5, 2019
#13,102
Jorki Rasalas said:
Interesting, hadn’t come across that vid before. Wonder how many more like that there are out there? I’ve watched all the dev diaries etc from the FD youtube website but not come across a hint of this vid.

He was talking of a test for the Elite Federation of Pilots from a combat focus, so it may well be there is a test which Combateers can be offered to join EPF, but I don’t think that is the Real Dark Wheel for the Raxxla Quest. From the Codex TRDW are a “legendary group of adventurers, explorers, investigators and treasure-hunters” rather than combateers, so I think their test will be offered to explorer-traders. I’m still working on building a relationship with a likely candidate (iaw my current hypothesis); think I may have failed the test first time around by taking a mission from another faction so I restarted, but haven’t been offered the Cr40M donation mission again-couldn’t accept it first time as I wasn’t Elite trader then. But the test may be buggy since there was one Cr1M donation mission I had the rank and funds for but couldn’t accept, also there were a couple of missions to retrieve items which were bugged as there were two instances of each when I landed at the planetary search zones.
I’m working on this hypothesis as my Tyko clone, but wondering if I have to bring Jorki back from Colonia to restart. Perhaps you only get one chance.......
Click to expand...

I doubt there are any tests in the game to become a member of the EFP. This was idea was probably scraped at some point. The founders permit is the defacto membership certificate for that bunch. Being a founder is the shortcut to membership.

I agree that The Dark Wheel is a separate group to the EFP. To me it seem unlikely that there are any active in-game criteria that triggers contact from TDW either.
The way the Codex is written it would seem they do contact a few of the best, but there is no evidence or even hints of this ever happening. If brave and competent is what they look for, one would think that at least some would qualify by now. Unless finding their station is part of the competence requirement.

Raxxla is another story. TDW does not know where it is, so we can't expect more than a few hints from them.
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum, Rochester, Vetinari and 2 others