Louis Calvert
Feb 24, 2018
#1,826
Jaiotu said:
So, as I said a while back, I started working toward getting the Sirius permit with my secondary account (primary is in Colonia and I didn't want to fly him back to investigate).

After days of building reputation via the mission boards I gave up, equipped a passenger cabin and took a long-range tourist out 23,000 light-years to visit "The Beacon Worlds" ... which is something like 3 Earth-likes orbiting a companion to a Neutron Star. Total trip took me two weeks due to only putting in 30 minutes to an hour here and there.

So now I've got my Sirius permit.

I know I've been in the Sirius system before but I never really paid it much mind. This time I visited with my eyes wide open.

What a crudhole. Two stars. Each with one planet. There's the gas giant "Waypoint" and the airless world of "Lucifer".

THIS is the system that birthed the mighty Sirius Corporation? No way! This is a system that you fuel scoop through on your way to find someplace interesting.

It strikes me as extremely fishy that a corporation as massive and powerful as Sirius would rise from THIS.

Raxxla would certainly help explain how Sirius rose from such a dump to the heights that it has.

Very much so. remember too that it was settled in the earliest days of colonisation - so people made a dangerous trip to a star that they know had no habitable planets, it's a pain to navigate around (long distances without supercruise) and yet an Earth-based group decided to sink massive funds into it to this project to develop it. They also do so really quickly, it only takes them a few years to go from newly arrived homesteaders to founding the Sirius Corporation to becoming a pivotal company in the economics of the Galaxy.

Also compound that with the fact that even now there's virtually nothing in the Sirius system - there's a couple of tiny little planet base and one Coriolis and one outpost. That's the home system of the largest and most influential megacorporation-government in Human history... You'd expect Lucifer would be one big city by now, running all the bureaucracy of the corporation and there'd be hundreds of orbital industrial stations.

It does suggest that maybe there's a lot more going on that we can't see...