Count dEstard
Mar 9, 2019
#6,466
I‘d like to add a few thoughts of my own:

1) Great to have you back CMDR Guru and thank you for sharing your thoughts. I might comment on those after having reread and stomached your theory.

Concerning the Eleusis theory: Han Zen(?) voiced the idea that perhaps a visit to Raxxla might only be possible at the right time. So we should have a look at when the eleusinian mysteries were held. Here we have the smaller and greater myssteries.

The smaller mysteries (Myesis) were held during Anthesterion which equals to february/march. They consisted of the priests cleansing themselves in Agrai at the river Ilissos and the ritual sacrifice of a pig, as well as the priests cleansing the inititates.

The greater mysteries you are referring (Teletai) were held during Boedromion which equals to August/September. They started with the procession from Eleusis arriving at Athens carrying Demeters holy symbols.

The next steps in Athens were cleansing the priests at Phaleron, having a bit of celebration and finally assembly at the cemetery of Kerameikos at Athens (reminds me of Tionisla) and the start of the procession back to Eleusis which had the notable part of paying respect to Iambe (there is a system called Jambe). After the procession arrived at Eleusis the myteries began with fasting and after that imbibing Kykeon (maybe psychotropic but no evidence). After that the procession went on to the Telesterion where they were shown Demeters artifacts and holy symbols. After that a great feast was held and the initiates danced on the Rharic fields (legend has it they were the first place to grow cereals in greece). Then the mysteries commenced and people returned home.

So: If there actually is a time vector now would be the time to get cleansed and August wolf be the time to start the holy procession.

BUT there is one thing that keeps me wondering: The story of Demeter/Kore is mainly a modified reproduction of Ceremonies much more amcient like those of Tammuz/Astarte. Those ceremonies were celebrated in march. So as the topic of death/rebirth are recurrent maybe march is fine as well IF there is a time vector.

2) To those using EDSM or Inara as a source for their research. I have been wondering whether some kind of inverted search might be more successful.

Reason: All the data provided there stems from CMDRs who have scanned the systems listed there. So I guess the probability of finding amything of interest in those systems is quite small. My suggestion is going to systems not listed there.

And here is what I‘m about to do: I‘ll refit my Cobra MK III to a full explorer built and return to SOL. I will then plot an economic route to Tau Ceti the place mentioned in the Codex and have a look for systems unexplored (yes have now made again enough money to make up for Exploracondplodations, so I‘m back).

3) A further word on Delphi: Delphi makes no sense if the myth originated with human spacefarers. Delphi was too far away in 2296. It would only make sense if the myth originated from Mars relic or left behinds from ancient Astronauts on earth like in v. Dänikens theories.

O7 & fly safe
Last edited: Mar 9, 2019
Reactions:
Edelgard von Rhein and CMDRGURU951