yelboc
Mar 19, 2019
#6,855
Partly out of curiosity but also for amusement, I bought a copy of "The Alien world: the complete illustrated guide" by Steven Eisler. Thats a pen name for Robert Holdstock (deceased btw..) . It's very - how can I put it? - of its time (published in 1980) . The pictures are awful and the text not much better.Thankfully it wasn't expensive

I know some people know this book , in fact some pictures have been borrowed from time to time to post here ..

In it is the very first reference to Raxxla - In fact there is a whole chapter devoted to the Oisir-Raxxla sector - a section of space dominated by Reptillian Aliens, the Oisir-Raxxlans. The sector is separated from the 'Human Sector' by "The Urgenirk Darks, a straggling line of vast black holes lined up along 40 million Aeons". There is a chapter on Talmor lenses (oh!- that's where that comes from!...) which in turn is related to the building of the pyramids on Earth and the inspiration of the gods Osiris and Ra. It describes how they found the world of Jodethum where they learnt the secrets of controlling time from the derelict civilization there. There are also the Sirens of Ivixor B and the tale of the great explorer Chesowaya Samarandara who is destroyed by them.

There is also a section in the Naranthu sector entitled 'The Tale of the Dark Wheel' - allegedly a myth of the 'Great Ship' that lives in the 'Dark Wheel', a galaxy named because 'it is shrouded in black clouds of intergalactic dust and gas' and the occupants are 'indisputably Human' who came from a generation ship that mis-jumped into their sector..

Now, of course, none of this is canon, but given its date of publication, it may have inspired DB & IB with some concepts - how did Mr Holdstock get the job of writing 'The Dark Wheel' novella? Presumably DB & IB knew of his writings or possibly knew him personally (his background is somewhat different though..).

In galnet there is an article by a conspiracy theorist:

14 AUG 3301 – Aliens Kidnapped the President
original article

Aliens Kidnapped the President

The spectre of President Halsey’s disappearance in Starship One refuses to die down. Despite the findings of the official report some claim that the matter is far from closed. One such person is self-proclaimed conspiracy expert Ricardo Bentonio on his investigative show ‘The Hidden World’:

“They took her for their own purposes. , that’s the Imperial Dynasty. She’s been taken somewhere different.”

Federal Navy officials refused to comment on this allegation. One Congressman was overheard joking “Does anyone listen to that loon’s shows? Except his precious lizard people from Andromeda, of course!”
Click to expand...

<now back to our usual program>

YB

PS - the man who coined the phrase 'Fernweh' was buried in a 'sea pyramid' according to wikipedia..
Last edited: Mar 19, 2019
Reactions:
ExoForce