Crimson Echo
Jun 13, 2021
#23,701
Panda The Gray said:
I finally visited the grave site in Tionisla. Received the encoded transmission and have been reflecting on the message.
"The vain queen rides a giraffe that remembers her daughter's hero."
The most common translations refer the vain queen to Cassiopeia, the giraffe to Camelopardalis, and the daughter's hero to Perseus. There are several links between these 3 constellations as they are in relatively close proximity with each other but I don't think it's a blatantly obvious map to anything.

Also, there is no reference of Camelopardalis in the myth of Cassiopeia offering her daughter (Andromeda) to appease a monster who is later saved by Perseus. Camelopardalis itself has no known mythology and is referred to as a "modern" constellation. I have chosen to omit Camelopardalis from my investigation as nothing more than a diversion used to create a clever riddle.

I feel the most common connection between these is Andromeda.
While mapping out the stars that make up the Andromeda constellation, I can not find the star Buna (HD 16175).

If you disagree with my reasoning I completely understand. All I am looking for is help in locating the star Buna (HD 16175). I have found no reference to it in any relation to Elite and this is really puzzling me.

Edit: Thanks to CMDR Jack Wilmslow for the alternate designation, HIP 12191. o7
Click to expand...
The Vain Queen stuff is from the seemingly finished Rebecca/Salome story line. Teorge has more beacons with stuff related to this story line. Probably not directly Raxxla related as the writer/author does not know any thing about Raxxla. All 88 modern constellations have at least their brightest stars in game. The game is not totally consistent on how the star's names are listed in game. Searching all the alternative names on wikipedia for a given star with a few spellings or combinations (a star with names "10 xyz" and "eta xyz" might get listed as "10 eta xyz" etc) usually gets a hit for real stars near sol.
Reactions:
Exekrator, Panda The Gray, yelboc and 1 other person