Jaiotu
Feb 16, 2019
#6,034
Jorki Rasalas said:
This thread is wandering away from its subject. I don’t understand why people think Salomé or Rebecca were members of TDW, nor why this is continually coming up in a thread dedicated to finding Raxxla. The medallion that Salomé left behind may, or may not, have been from TDW, but if it was hers she left it behind which signified she was not involved with them;

The Medallion absolutely did belong to Kahina. This was confirmed in chapter 15 of Premonition. During her trial when Gerrun had the medallion brought forward as evidence Kahina was surprised that they had it. From the relevant part of the book:

The agent gestured and a nearby holofac lit up with a spinning representation. Salomé frowned in surprise.
How did they …
It was hers. A medallion she had been given long ago. A symbol of trust from …
It can’t be … how did they get hold of that?
The medallion was engraved with a stylised representation of the Pilots’ Federation ranking emblem, Elite rank, surrounded by a fierce reptilian creature, perhaps a dragon or wyvern.

Furthermore the novel reveals the origin of the symbol:

‘Have you positively identified the symbol?’ Gerrun asked.
‘We have,’ the agent replied.
Gerrun almost chuckled, clearly amused by the agent’s unwillingness to answer anything other than a question asked directly.
‘And?’
The agent sighed. ‘The symbol belongs to a group, a faction resident in the Shinrarta Dezhra system. A faction calling itself “The Dark Wheel.”’

Of course Premonition also throws some shade toward The Dark Wheel as a minor faction in Shinrarta Dhezra. From the same chapter:

‘Shinrarta Dezhra?’ The woman laughed, her scorn plain to hear. ‘You think the Dark Wheel advertises on a station board in plain sight? That we need rookie pilots to drag a couple of tonnes of thrumpberry flavouring across to Hutton Orbital? A trivial ploy to keep the Founders off our backs.’

Now, assuming all this is canon and that Rebecca was being honest, she also gives a good description of just who The Dark Wheel are:

‘You should not consider the Dark Wheel a single organisation, gentlemen. How could it survive for so long if it were? The Wheel has many levels, many hubs, cogs, gears and spokes. It is more akin to an affiliation of organisations that share certain common goals. Interlocking in purpose. Consider yourselves now spinning on the outermost rim.’

Don't be surprised that The Dark Wheel is operating in diverse places and through organizations that you would never suspect.

Everything is connected. These passages from Premonition are some of the few, very rare, canon references to The Dark Wheel. We shouldn't ignore them but we also shouldn't put too much stock in them. Now that we have the Codex we have some genuine in-game hints that we can follow.

The novella, The Dark Wheel, which started this (so far) fruitless quest for Raxxla contained a great quote from Rafe Zetter:

... there are people on Raxxla already. This is only a guess, mind you, but from what happened to Jason I'd say it was close to being right. We've long suspected that a corps of élites lives there, and are exploiting the gateway. They're powerful, twisted men. Powerful enough to hire an assassin to kill the threat to their dominance.'

This sounds very much like "The Club" from Premonition. Perhaps this gives us the best understanding of what is symbolized by the 'Dark Wheel Medallion'. The reptilian creature (representing The Dark Wheel and, perhaps also the original Raxxlans), locked in combat against the establishment (The Pilots Federation) which may ultimately be a pawn of The Club.
Last edited: Feb 16, 2019