CMDR Hagglebeard
Dec 22, 2018
#4,679
What are the current leads?

From what I understand, mostly thanks to CMDR GURU, the strongest lead is in the Heart and Soul nebula. We've confirmed the parent's woe, and now must try to find the meaning of 'The Lover's Woe'.

I don't know how to investigate Eagle Eye in Delphi, nor do I think the 'between two eagles' lead between eagle and aquila nebulae is valid. Seems like way too large an area to search, unless it's something exactly in between the two, maybe a couple of systems. Either way, I'm heading rimward.

---

"On Cupid's bow how are my heartstrings bent,
That see my wrack, and yet embrace the same?
When most I glory, then I feel most shame:
I willing run, yet while I run, repent."

He seeks love but it causes distress - the lover's woe.


"My best wits still their own disgrace invent:"

By trying/thinking very hard, he sabotages himself.

"My very ink turns straight to Stella's name;
And yet my words, as them my pen doth frame,
Avise themselves that they are vainly spent."

By trying to define the best things about his love through the words of men, those words mean nothing. They come not from emotion, evidenced by the final line of the sonnet.

"For though she pass all things, yet what is all
That unto me, who fare like him that both
Looks to the skies and in a ditch doth fall?"

Her beauty is beyond all things, and he's left standing like an idiot with his head in the clouds. He's the guy who walks into poles while daydreaming. Otherwise, it could mean that it would be futile to chase a woman like that while he is so incompetent.

Oh let me prop my mind, yet in his growth,
And not in Nature, for best fruits unfit:
"Scholar," saith Love, "bend hitherward your wit."

Stop thinking logically, and think emotionally.


And the only thing emotional in ED is the Heart and Soul Nebula. I see a lot of clues pointing towards Heart and Soul, but nothing specific within or any lead forward. Either I'm missing something or we just need to scour that area.

Last thing - I still have no idea what/who the whisperer in witch-space, the deepest siren of the void is.
Last edited: Dec 22, 2018