SergMx
Mar 16, 2021
#22,079
Jorki Rasalas said:
Indeed. I find it strange and a bit disappointing that hasn’t happened yet. I can’t see that anyone getting DW membership would keep it quiet.

I hypothesised that Felicity Farseer is a DW member, which might be hinted by her Codex quote about them. It also ties in with “Whisperer in Witchspace” since she’s an expert fsd engineer together with Elvira, but Elite Premonition makes it clear that Elvira was an assassin (doesn’t match DW membership qualities) and is a supporter of The Club, so maybe the two reflect Club versus Dark Wheel. Felicity’s engineering comments mention she went to the Coalsack Nebula in her engineered Asp Explorer, and she talks about crossing dangerous rifts with pilot courage being the only limitation, phrasing that is reminiscent of the Dark Wheel membership requirements ( Codex entry “only a handful of the bravest and most competent pilots of each generation are honoured with an invitation to join”). Googling Coalsack Nebula it’s clear that it is just one part of the Great Rift, also called Dark Rift or Dark River, wording which also seems to hint at the Dark Wheel. So I went off in my Phantom and did a week of exploration in all parts of the Great Rift, and sold the data at the UC outlet at Felicity’s base, but no invitation so far.

Edit: it might be that an AspX is needed for this test and a Phantom didn’t count. Perhaps someone else wants to check it. Not sure I want to repeat the expedition with second account, almost all systems had been discovered (only got one on the whole trip) & had to remap WW, AW & terraformable HMCs that had already been visited.
Click to expand...
It's not quite clear about the murders. After all, someone did kill Ryder in the book, and it seems from what he learned about Raxxla ....
By the way about the engineers, for some reason the engineers are somehow linked into different groups, i.e. some give invitations only to others ....
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas, Vetinari and [PS4] Filthymick420