Six6VI
Sep 9, 2019
#12,097
alexzk said:
I think u're missing something ...it is a game, which must make money.
Soo ...cultural references cannot be used, or books which are not translated to all languages.
If they could reference something that would be world-well known like Ancient Greek myths.

For example - I never even know there is some "Drew" and his books prior I started to play this game and read this topic on this forum. So making puzzle related on it should be bad idea for selling game.
Consider Arithmetic and (sacred) Geometry as related to Cosmology (and Music)...

Exhibit 1: The Raxxla logo, a hexagonal device with six sectors of 60 degrees each...
SPOILER

Exhibit 2: Ancient "Sacred" Geometry: Seed of Life, Vesica Piscis and the Merkaba...
SPOILER

Exhibit 3: Lagrangian Points L4 and L5 at 60 degrees to host, and "Trine" each other...
SPOILER

Exhibit 4: Discussion on the "Trojan" asteroid fields found at Jupiter's L4 and L5 points...
SPOILER

Exhibit 5: Relatively recent exploration of observable, universal energetic flow patterns...
SPOILER

Exhibit 6: Apparently random comments about ancient astrological "Trine" utilisation...
SPOILER

Conclusion: The species has collectively known about the phenomena for a LONG time.

Question: Have DB / MB introduced the "NOTABLE STELLAR PHENOMENA" to help us?

What would be an immensely handy thing to have in this game, and as a real-world application at some stage? A way to traverse the vast expanses of space without the impediment of time. To circumvent relativity, step outside the physics of the material plane and instantly appear elsewhere.

So, what might Raxxla be? How about a way to enter "witch-space" at zero velocity and stay there, outside time, space and the early 21st Century mainstream understanding of physics while plotting a route to Beagle Point, or the Magellanic Clouds, instantaneously moving there without using fuel?

It seems Thargoids might be able to do this at an intrinsic, biological level. Why can't we?
Last edited: Sep 9, 2019
Reactions:
Vetinari, [PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, Count dEstard and 2 others