Han_Zen
Dec 16, 2023
#32,561
Louis Calvert said:
Been going through old posts to see what gems we missed or forgot, or maybe dismissed too early.

@Han_Zen your mysterious object is still there in Alpha Cygni, it's physically moving!! Used the hi-rez screenshot to get these iamges:

View attachment 378395
this is about the best shot I can get of it (so far, it seems like it's stopped now. I have a series of images, it was very clearly rotating when it came into view, started very small just a bright point and then it clearly rotated and became darker and basically invisible, then after a while (minutes) it showed up further up the screen, larger and lighter and rotated around to this*. In the time of typing this, it's rotated more:

I can literally see it rotating as I'm watching it, this next image is about a minute or so later:

It's continued rotating, but when I took the screenshot I noticed there's two of them!!


The original one is on the left half-covered by the line, and the 'new' one is on the right. It's also rotating slowly.
This is the second one, it's rotated around now so the light side is visible:

For reference as to where they are, this is the system map screen, I did what Han-Zen said, but I zoomed all the way out and pressed 'g' on the keyboard to rotate the system map 'down' as far it will go, My pointer is right next to the second object.

They are there, and they're reflecting light from something.

They look a lot like asteroids to me??? When you see them moving they're absolutely 3d objects turning slowly.

I can't see anything on the orrery view, and there's no asteroid belts in this system. Han_Zen reported this first almost exactly 5 years ago.

I haven't yet been much past Christmas day 2018 so I don't know if this was busted sometime later? It's actually pretty chilling to see them rotating there just out of view... what are they??

Edit: managed to get them both in a pretty good light together:

They rotated some more, this one is good:



For reference these are the images Han_Zen posted 5 years ago:


Note: My Pc is veeerrryyy old, so possibly someone with a better PC might get even better pics?

* Second time trying this; opened map, zoomed out, angled the camera by pressing G, set screen at bottom right (as Han_Zen reported). Wait a minute or two, there's a bright 'bloom' of light from that area, then slowly the object rotates into view. It looks smaller at first but I'm not sure if thats just were it is when it rotates. After a couple of minutes I can't see the second one at all. Interestingly I'm seeing the second object, in the same place it was before, but I'm not seeing the first object at all yet.... aha! about 5 mins maybe after 'object 2' appeared, 'object 1' appeared in the same way in the same place, it looks like it 'gets closer' quite rapidly, grows a little in size then sits and slowly rates. The growing closer might be just an optical trick, but both of them certainly to appear in a bloom of radiance.

For me, this has been a repeatable and predictable thing. Since it matches Han_Zen's report from 5 years ago in every way, I assume everyone can also come here and see these things too.
Click to expand...
I’ve done a lot of testing on this phenomenon. Jorki has to.
The phenomenon can be found in a lot If systems. NON of them have the size, magnitude or duration of the Deneb ghosts.

The animations are not the same as for solar flares. It is a separate design, that seem deliberate.

Alpha Cygni has two comets. I vissited them, when we could search for comets. Nothing to see at any of them.
Reactions:
Emperor