John Stoutbeard
Mar 29, 2020
#15,834
Ravenl0ft said:
Hi guys. I had that short video on youtube for sometime ago, in which i tried to show one of my opinion about RAXXLA, but it turned out that it was a poor decision of me and people just couldnt get my point, because there was no sound, and i was not explaining anything. So i recorded a new one, this one has some other stuff about RAXXLA too. Like i mentioned in the video, im very new to video making, i just record it with geforce experience, and upload it to youtube. I hope you can watch it to the end, and pls let me know what you think about 5 dots and the civ installation.

Click to expand...

Nice work there. I'm not trying to attack your theories or you work, I hope you see my response as something from one virtual-colleague to another. A way to improve your theory and make it stronger by weeding out the weakest links. It's a great way to learn and evolve your own theories. o7

The RA XXL A theory has been presented in many forms. It's a bit imprecise to follow since you have to make a jump in faith with 50s into 58.887s (hence close to 60s) to link up with Regulus. Personally I feel this is a way to make the data fit your own needs.
All the rest relies on the previous leap of faith. Which is okai if you can get somewhere with it. Time will tell I hope.

As for the installation, those kind of findings I do find interesting. As it may be a valid way of enabling (unlocking) content.
The installation causing sounds when you hit the galaxy map. Yes, I've had this many times even outside Sol while working with missions. Bug? Feature? Who knows.
As for the Power conduit, I have also opened similar tunnels outside of sol in other places. I don't recall the power-configuration, but I have a sneaking suspicion this is pretty common.
As for the unhackable datapoints, I've lost a few recon drones at other installations like this (again outside Sol). I didn't see why it happened. I suspect bug.

As for the dots in the sky, those are part of the skybox in ED. You can find them in all directions, representing distant objects outside the milky way.
As for service desk closing (deleting) tickets, they probably should have told you to report it via the issue-tracker which is the correct place to report bugs now. Support mostly deals with 'user-support and assistance using the products'. I wouldn't put too much into it, they probably just did a poor job handling your tickets.

Your theories are as valid as many of the others presented. But for my liking it may need some refining to make the data & statements to stick a bit better.

Keep at it, Raven. o7
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Machina Ergo Sum and Ravenl0ft