Jorki Rasalas
Mar 28, 2020
#15,823
Vetinari said:
things that haven't worked to add to the list:

I can confirm that shouting at NPC Cruise Ship pilots 'WHERE IS RAXXLA?' or variations of same have yielded no results so far, figured they travel the furthest so may have some info but they're just stuck-up and don't even reply.
Jameson's relative wanted me to use my Dangerous skill to do some shopping, hmmm, on the 2nd return journey she routed me past a beacon that led to a very interesting place where 'pirates' has attacked after 'they came out of the nebula'. Thought this must be it, this must be the combat she needed me for, but no sign of pirates, or a nebula for that matter. She doesn't even offer that much really, maybe theres more to be revealed.
Lady Outspan led me on a merry chase, one very very interesting system in Guardian space, one that seems like a dead end or maybe something happened long ago that isnt recorded for history. Will have another look then give up.

All engineers now G5 access, CQC ranking has stalled due to motivation. Got efficiency bonus for 10,000 planets. (Have a theory that if the Codex stats measure it then at least its an indication of what sort of thing may be required if there is a requirement, but no milestones in there so just adding to the figures just in case something happens)

Now in Guardian space near Synuefe EN-H D11-96, helped one person get their FSD booster, helping another today, got myself 6 more Weapon BP then on way back or turning attention to the search for Guardian 'Centre' if it exists (another thread) so if anybody wants to grab a booster on XB and wants to team up let me know.

Anecdotally, looking at the bubble and beacons and such, theres a lot of things on or above the plane but fewer and fewer below the plane. The path less travelled?

Oh yeah and 1st mapped a system 180LY from Sol, I mean, I give up. Thought Project Potatao or something had done that. Raxxla could have been there, 180LY from Sol, it may still be somewhere
Click to expand...

Ah, but you forgot- no point shouting! noone can hear you in Space!
You have to modulate a laser beam appropriately!
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Machina Ergo Sum, John Stoutbeard and 1 other person