CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
May 15, 2023
#30,446
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
The third bullet point is basically a guess that what we call Thargoids are possibly the Traditionalist branch of the Guardians or the Oresrians. Given Drew Wager wrote about Klaxxian and Oresrians I hold out hope we may get clarity upon full on foot interaction with aliens. I think the Oresrians may be the Progressive Branch Guardians. Now, whether Guardians of the Free Spirit are Guardians or a human cult is another matter. I believe Holo-Me implies the CMDRs aren't normal humans.
Here's the basis of this supposition:
Biology 5: This data offers more details about the physical appearance of the Guardians. Most remarkable are their limbs. Their forelimbs had a serrated edge and were no doubt used as killing implements during the pack-hunting period. They had two more more joints in their arms than we do, facilitating complex articulation and the use of sophisticated sign language. The skeleton was flexible yet resilient and their muscles were long, thin and ropy. They had two hands, each with four digits.
Biology 11: Although the alpha-pattern data encapsulates biological information, it also contains a treasure trove of cultural data. This is particularly true of the data you have uncovered here. The data package appears to contain records pertaining to their food. I already knew that as pack hunters they were carnivores. I subsequently discovered that not only were their arm ridges excellent for killing prey, they were also used for cutting meat into little pieces to fit in their small mouths.
Source: https://canonn.science/codex/guardians-data-biology/

Additionally, the name Thargoid came from human cultural reaction to a holo-vid broadcast from Lave. This is in "First Thargoid Contact" beacon in Lave.

I imagine Thargoids / Guardians / Oresrians / Klaxxians look something like a preying mantis but as tall as a human (if not taller)..


Last edited: May 15, 2023
Reactions:
Hanerib and Rochester