CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
May 16, 2023
#30,450
Rochester said:
Going over the DW Codex, unlike the Raxxla Codex, it lacks any real locational information, except for the following elements,

One: it’s potentially a low energy level and ergo fixed location station.

Two: it’s been around since the start of interstellar travel.

Three: potentially located around a gas giant with at minimum 8 moons.
This actually gave me an idea. There is a story in Tales from the Frontier called The Fiercest Creature on Altair which contains this ... Frontier Stories Altair 4a Orbital. There's just one tiny problem the Frontier gazetteer DOES NOT describe Altair. It describes a system with 20 bodies. The real Altair contains five planets plus the star. There are no moons in Altair.



Altair Biggs Colony

Out of the twenty bodies of this system this is one of two notable planets, for their extreme conditions. Biggs Colony is a jungle world with high humidity and very interesting wildlife, which makes it a popular holiday destination for those who like an adventure. Hotels abound and cater for all tastes, even providing conditions for those who normally live in very different environments, in case they need a break while on holiday. For example natives of Stevenson in the Phiagre system can rest in refrigerated apartments. Outside hotels, humans need to wear an environment suit such are the extremes of heat and humidity on these sort of planets. When tourists arrive on Biggs Colony they must sign a disclaimer in case they are injured by any of the wildlife (unless on hotel property, such as the animal free areas). All sorts of life abound, and visitors not used to this tend to go wandering unprotected, enchanted by the sights and sounds. Jungle Search is a thriving business which offers to search the jungle for parts of a lost friends or relatives of tourists, when they go missing, for burial purposes.

Many vaccinations are required if you intend to go on jungle treks, as the diseases are as varied as the wildlife. When you leave a hotel you are issued an environment suit, a stun gun, a large swat big enough to down an Oort fly (you would need body armour to protect yourself fully from this beast). If you pale at the thought of close contact with nature, you can take a trip on a Landcrawler which transports you through the jungle protected by a Securifield.

The second planet. Darkes Hollow is very hot and not pleasantly so - The average temperature is 226 degrees Centigrade. The reason it is populated at all is the ore available for mining is very rich in metals. Miners' families live there in small underground communities and the mining corporation subsidises two holidays on Bigg's Colony per year. Robots have to do most of the surface work as the temperatures and radiation there are too great for humans. Power is derived from massive arrays of solar panels which run the very powerful air conditioning units for the settlements below, and also drive the vast smelting operation. Reputedly, enormous danger money is paid to miners when they need to venture on to the surface in their powered armour, in order to do some urgent repair or other. There have even been stories of disenchanted workers arranging for robots to be unavailable when a need arises, just so they can receive the one-off payment and leave the hated place forever.
Click to expand...

Find the place this actually describes and you likely find The Dark Wheel station. There are a handful of systems noted for exceptionally dangerous wildlife. Weirdly, the hilariously bad description name pairing may be a clue. Altair Biggs Colony, Ackanphi, and Exbeur all mention Biggs. Meanwhile Enaness has mentioned of body 4 being home to alien civilization. The image with the station mentioned 4a as location of the station.

Note: I am keenly aware only Altair and Exbeur are confirmed. The others are unsolved mysteries of the lore.
Last edited: May 16, 2023
Reactions:
BluWolve