BluWolve
May 16, 2023
#30,451
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
This actually gave me an idea. There is a story in Tales from the Frontier called The Fiercest Creature on Altair which contains this ... Frontier Stories Altair 4a Orbital. There's just one tiny problem the Frontier gazetteer DOES NOT describe Altair. It describes a system with 20 bodies. The real Altair contains five planets plus the star. There are no moons in Altair.

View attachment 355992



Find the place this actually describes and you likely find The Dark Wheel station. There are a handful of systems noted for exceptionally dangerous wildlife. Weirdly, the hilariously bad description name pairing may be a clue. Altair Biggs Colony, Ackanphi, and Exbeur all mention Biggs. Meanwhile Enaness has mentioned of body 4 being home to alien civilization. The image with the station mentioned 4a as location of the station.

Note: I am keenly aware only Altair and Exbeur are confirmed. The others are unsolved mysteries of the lore.
Click to expand...
Some food for thought for you.

Vega system description;
"Very high humidity and native life make this an interesting place to visit. Many exotic food stuffs are grown here. The scenery is strikingly beautiful, though the wildlife can be a little dangerous. Was known in ancient times as 3 Alpha Lyrae. The permit for this system can be obtained from the Federal Military."
Vega
Very high humidity and native life make this an interesting place to visit. Many exotic food stuffs are grown here. The scenery is strikingly beautiful, though the wildlife can be a little dangerous. Was known in ancient times as 3 Alpha Lyrae. The permit for this system can be obtained from the...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com

Interestingly, Vega does has some remarkable associations which whilst could be coincidence, may be worth further investigation.
Vega - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

One such is as follows;
"In Chinese mythology, there is a love story of Qixi (七夕) in which Niulang (牛郎, Altair) and his two children (β Aquilae and γ Aquilae) are separated from their mother Zhinü (織女, lit. "weaver girl", Vega) who is on the far side of the river, the Milky Way."
The Cowherd and the Weaver Girl - Wikipedia
en.m.wikipedia.org

This could possibly be what "Parent's grief, lover's woe" refers to, and also includes Altair.

Also note that Vega was also the system that Gan Romero stole a DBX from, who "had been affected by vivid dreams that compelled him to travel to a distant, unknown location."

Gan Romero
Gan Romero is a starship technician who worked on hangar service teams at Fort Dixon, Vega. On April 25, 3305, he inexplicably stole a Diamondback Explorer owned by Commander Bjorn Lennox from its hangar. Authorities were unable to determine how Romero breached the ship, launched it, and quietly...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com
Last edited: May 16, 2023
Reactions:
yelboc and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian