Emperor
Aug 22, 2022
#26,776
Rochester said:
My favourite was when DB told a crowd of players, that Sag A was not currently in game, so you couldn’t travel there, but why would you, it would be boring. But he then said technically it was in game because it’s in the galaxy map, so yes you can go there…but only in the map.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9804577

Semantics I know but it always made me suspicious about what he actually meant when he talked to Drew…
I thought I'd watch the video as I don't think I've seen it since back then....

I did notice this a bit before the SAG A question.... one for @Jorki Rasalas and Sol theories... ;-)

19:59 mins in...
"Because of these new drives that we brought in with Elite dangerous, people can travel more rapidly and you would get this huge period of rapid expansion.
What I'm hoping is that there will be lots of places for things like exploration, even within human space there will be outer planets that people won't even have bothered looking for, so people will find things..." <quickly stops talking in an awkward Braben manner>...."So it's that kind of richness I want to happen."...

I do think you might be being a little harsh on the SAG A comments though, I got the feeling he was saying it wasn't really possible with what they had planned for launch and got the distinct feeling he thought there were other priorities but didn't want to upset the backers who were explorers (If I remember correctly explorers were towards the back of the queue in terms of information/priorities in the early days and especially before go live as there was very little to explore in the beta.....)

22:30 mins in...
"Can you go to the core.. So at the moment in theory you can and you can go there on the map, in practice there are way fewer planets, it's very, very hot and I fail to see the point of it again but I think because people want to we'll look at that. Currently it's not very practical to do that, I mean it's such a long way away as well."
Reactions:
simulacrae and Rochester