Rochester
Sep 18, 2020
#18,966
Boff'in said:
So I dug up a copy of the story and skimmed over it the last couple of hours and made a compilation of the 18 locations Odysseus takes,from his home and back again.
The Internet Classics Archive | The Odyssey by Homer
The Odyssey by Homer, part of the Internet Classics Archive
classics.mit.edu
Sadly it's a translation from a Later Roman text, so the story is about the Hero Ulysses not the Greek Odysseus
The sea-god is Neptune and not Poseidon. The goddes who helps Ulysses is menerva and not the greek Goddess Athena and so on and so forth.
Athena


BOOK IX Ulysses tells his story
0 : Ithaca (home)
1 : Troy (10 year long siege until he does that Trojan Horse thing, yeah he's THAT guy!)
2 : On the way back home, hold up at Ismarus, city of the Cicons for supplies when some local trouble spills over and he loses a few red-shirts on the way back to the boat.
3 : Struggles on the Seas around Cape Malea and Island of Cythera pushed by heavy winds/seas
4: Makes camp on the Island of lotus eaters (the Lotus plant, some of his men get hooked and don't want to come back. Just say no to drugs kids!)
5: Sails onto the Land of the Cyclopes, Polyphemus (kills and picks up a grudge from old Neptune/Poseidon
BOOK X
6. Comes to Aeoli island, Aeolus Son of Hippotas (they get blown back here but get sent away the second time )
7. Lamus, City of Telepylus, Laestrygonians (a rocky fortress and they did some battle)
8. Aeaean island, Goddess Circe (trickster witch ) turns some of his men into pigs
BOOK XI
9. River Oceanus, city of Cimmerians to chat with Theban prophet Teiresias who is dead by the way
10. House of Hades, house of the dead, which is dead easy to find, it's where the rivers Pyriphlegethon, Cocytus (a branch of the Styx) flow into Acheron, and then they resurrect a whole bunch of people who had died along the way and are Relevant to Ullysees, like his mum......
BOOK XII 114
11. Annnd Back down the River Oceanus to the Aeaean island to get tricked by the Goddess Circe
12. Past Island of the two Sirens
13. Through the Wandering Rocky straits of Scylla(6 headed beast) and Charybdis (whirlpool). They skirt past the Scylla and Ulysees loosed a bunch more Red-Shirts from his boat, and then the pop back onboard once the helmsman navigates past Charybdis.
14. onto the Island of Hyperion, the Sun God where they just sail....?
15. Sea-nymphs cave (just a place they hung out whilst at Hyperions place, so Ulysees can reiterate to his men not to kill the (sacred) cattle onboard less they offend the sung god. So as soon as his back is turned his right hand man, convinces the rest of the crew to kill the cattle. bye the rest of the red-shirts
16. Back to Charybdis, Sun god blasts the boat back west with bad weather and Ulysees managed to jump onto an overhanging branch to avoid Charybdis and drops down after the swell and makes a swim for it before Scylla gets the wiser that he was back again.
17. 10 days later he winds up at the Ogygian island of Calypso daughter of Atlas, (spinster trickster witch ) . The Ogygian sea is a weird godlike anomaly of a place, it's nowhere and is surrounded by endless sea,
.......
the wiki claims a cartographer tries to have a stab at where Ogyian is "At another instance he Polybius suppresses statements. For Homer says also, 'Now after the ship had left the river-stream of Oceanus', and, 'In the island of Ogygia, where is the navel of the sea', where the daughter of Atlas lives; and again, regarding the Phaiakians, 'Far apart we live in the wash of the waves, the farthermost of men, and no other mortals are conversant with us.' All these clearly suggest that he composed them to take place in the Atlantic Ocean." (yeah there are other hints it's the legendary place of Atlantis, which actually is in Libya and is south of Gibralta (as stated by all) but it looks like it got pushed above ground 12,000 years back. but that's another mystery and story for another time.)

my text version says
"It is an island covered with forest, in the very middle of the sea, and a goddess lives there, daughter of the magician Atlas, who looks after the bottom of the ocean, and carries the great columns that keep heaven and earth asunder."

But this makes Calypso a Witch, since she is daughter of a magician, Atlas who lives at the bottom of the ocean who's job it is to keeps heaven and earth assunder.....
so it does sound like an axis mundi,
or Omphalus Rift, if you will

Book I and V
Anyway, 7 years later he makes a break for it, with Minerva's intervention....
18. He Makes landfall in Scheria, the land of the Phaeacians, where he starts to recount the a few books later.
BOOK XIII
19. Finally home, Ithaca, where he lands in the harbour of the nymphs near the wooded mountain Neritum.

If we take the story analogy forwards as a roadmap to Raxxla,
Okay, so we just got to translate that stuff into the original greek Odyssey and not the above Roman Version of Ulysees.
Then we find the location in-game, I guess Calypso Island is raxxala, the central way-point in the sea of Ogygia, which stands between the heavens and the earth because I couldn't find any reference in-game

as I said Liz live next does to Scylla....just saying.
But then Hints could be there to be irritating
Click to expand...
Think its a possibility. This was where I had got up to regards this train of thought.

The Quest To Find Raxxla
Exploring what it’s telling us, or meant to tell us, is what this thread is all about. “Brow” in UK English has a couple of meanings, & I often have to check the Oxford English Dictionary in looking at FD’s “clues” 1) the part of the face above the eyes and below the hair, the forehead 2) the...
forums.frontier.co.uk
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420