Tigorath
Sep 18, 2020
#18,975
Boff'in said:
That’s almost my reasoning as well, it could be an unremarkable moon or asteroid, as the codex states openly for all eyes to see

so big difference between The gamma and the beta was stellar forge.The beta was conducted with a limited amount of test systems 500
Star systems (and no raxxla
Apparently) with the gamma came the 4.3billion stars of the galaxy And asteroid mining it i was recall correctly?
So the tools at our desposal att launch are ALL we need to find raxxla.
Not in a station exterior a planets surface, or discovetable by an srv,
But rather something that cane be found by Discover scanners and Visual confirmation.
But in this I include all those fiddly asteroid clusters which sap my enthusiasm for finding raxxla.
Because if one was to follow the star systems of “The odyssey”, my bet is, you got to follow it vi the economical routes which are standard for all ship types, and scan every damned asteroid cluster, ring and every USS that pops up, ignore installations and planets surfaces and deep core mining. Just the basic tools we had at launch count.
I intend to do the broad strokes first.
But “Maybe” there is a long and detailed List of specific system scans One needs to Registered which finally unlocks a permit for raxxla(?)
Click to expand...
May I quickly say Boff'in that your insights ( and humour ) have been fantastic. Thank you and I am investigating your theories into my own discovery path.

At the start Frontier Developments may not have taken the "Raxxla" situation very seriously and it was a discoverable system / body / station / space unicorn / alcoholic beverage in game. Then later they changed it into something more substantial like the Zarura, possibly locking it behind a permit system. Unlockable by a 'journey' that curtails gaining ranks, exploration and missions to gain attention from the Dark Wheel.

Atm I am ( hopefully ) getting such attention from TDW gaining allied statues with such corporations and entities that I feel they would have their eyes on. Also I explore thoroughly every system I pass through as much to my ability. It's slow but rather enjoyable. I am in no rush.

Btw, your 'avatar' reminds me of an old game Mercenary on the good old ZX Spectrum. Aaaah, memories
Reactions:
Fiera, PeteACarter, Boff'in and 3 others