Rochester
Sep 18, 2020
#18,964
Boff'in said:
So, a few things.

When I talked about homers odyssey I had already mapped out a bunch of stuff to travel between, but I was always unsure as
some things get lost in translation, and eroded
Over time. Place names can changed with various telling a of the story.

To compound the issues, Many myths, legend and stories are Rendered into the night sky
so we can easily find star systems from the lore of the ancient Egyptians, ancient Chinese ancient Greeks, Roman Empire and the learned Arabic scholars who kept academia, wisdom And knowledge Alive whilst Europe fell into the dark ages tabooing non-Christian concepts for math, medicin and astronomy.

So We can look for references in our myths and lo-and-behold there a star system with that name falling inline with ancient Greek hypothesis as well as our confirmation bias.

I even started looking up the current “real-world” Island names for homers The Odyssey

But what about something concrete....
Like a frame-shift wake scanner.

In the Novell DW, Jason RYDER tells his son Alex RYDER about “raxxla”
Alex gets help from Rafe Zetter.
Alex has two children
In the in-game encyclopaedia it stats the children were oftenInitiated in the DW Oberon RYDER and Neptune RYDER who are a part of the DW.
There are a
Limited amount of Ryders in the game,
Some out in Maia / Pleiades
But we have one closer to home.
Liz Ryder who (after a
Connection to a gangster group Eurybia Blue) got kicked out of her old job
At DEVASTATORS AND SON (a family business? One she got disowned by?)
And created her own company Demolition Unlimited with help from Eurybia Blue
And the oddest named space station hovering above, Chris and Sylvia’s paradise hideout.

so we follow the wakes of the Ryder family(?)

all I need now is a wedding barge in Eurybia with a get together of the Ryder family.

oddly enough, when I just flew over there to have a look to see if that is even possible,
I noted I habookmarked system next to Eurybia called Scylla which was a six headed monster Odysseus had to navigate between it and charibdis a whirlpool/vortex
Which can be found in the real-world of the straits of Messina

(dunk dunk dunk is the sound of my head against the keyboard, either it’s a blatant clue or FDEV is messing with us)

Also dates and when places were colonised ALSO could be a big blatant clue.
I’m not a big lore/timeline guru.

but the first recorded mention of Raxxla is tornqvists story from 2296
Raxxla is of alien origin.
The colony at leesti was established 2413 (according to the tourist beacon)
First contact with the thargoids was at lave in 3125
Soontill Relics were discovered PRior to 3300 (when the game started) but when exactly???
Could we find a link between first frame shift drives and colony dates?

Any factions with the Zetter family name?
Click to expand...
Excellent work Cmdr.

It ought to be remembered that there is a level of uncertainty with our tinfoily. If there is a path to Raxxla it could be very straight forward, and that we have embellished upon it with our own imaginations, to the point where we cant see past our own bias.

One step on from your work I would propose someone map these locations and try and draw together all correlations, or even simply draw a line between them all to see what it physically looks like, is there a pattern, does it point to someplace else, are there gaps?

If I ever find the time Id love to, but not sure when. I did something similar years ago regarding certain stars that spelt out Raxxla within a spiralling pattern. But you get the drift.

Great work - keep it up 07

Edited for lax grammar
Last edited: Sep 18, 2020
Reactions:
Fiera, PeteACarter, Vetinari and 1 other person