Jorki Rasalas
Sep 18, 2020
#18,967
Crimson Echo said:
A few questions have been stuck in my mind recently with respect to the Raxxla mystery.

1) Why did sap 8 cores need to be nuked out (including player's cargo holds) of the game for a time only to be reintroduced latter if they do not do anything?

The only way i can see fdev responding so aggressively is that there was some catastrophic bug with how they functioned, and that sap 8s at least did something historically. Removing the method for getting sap 8s would be consistent with fdev behavior, but removing them from player's holds is rather extreme. Fdev only seems to do things like this in response to extreme exploits or bugs presumably. (G5 for G1 engineering mats exploit and the print cash exploits come to mind as the only other examples of the top of my head)


2) How was the pre-launch beta starting area chosen (i Bootis, Erranis, Assellus primus etc) ?

Lave Sol, or Ross 154 (or a system very near them) would have been obvious choices. Many of the systems have system descriptions, and interesting names from a mythological perspective. Wyrd is derived from an old norse word for fate or personal destiny (Slightly off toptic: Do thargoids count as ice giants from old norse myths?), and Aulis was the intended starting location for the iliad according to Wikipedia. (just to mention a few). The area is only really significant to the beta backers, and new players would not likely be aware of the area's history. Finding Raxxla with likely make the gaming press, and possible the real press. The story has more impact if an 84er or similar finds raxxla (Playing all the games for years etc, childhood dream fulfilled etc.) When Elite goes EOL and the servers are getting shut down in 2 years who is going to go back for a last push to find raxxla? (assuming it has not been found up to then) It likely be the 84ers and similar diehard elite fans like those that were in beta. Where might they head? if for no other reason than old times sake? Lave, Ross 154, LHS 3447 and the old beta bubble. (just a few of the old favorite haunts one last time.)
Click to expand...

DB said Raxxla has been in-game since the gamma, which comes after beta! You can’t rely on anything from the beta test area as a clue to Raxxla’s location.
Reactions:
Rochester