CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Apr 3, 2023
#29,720
Dox Paradox said:
Why the focus on and not on statues instead?
Never went close up, but there could be something there. Inscribed on it, or maybe it is with their gestures?
Simple: the palm branch is an ancient symbol of victory, peace and immortality.

The palm branch, or palm frond, is a symbol of victory, triumph, peace, and eternal life originating in the ancient Near East and Mediterranean world. The palm (Phoenix) was sacred in Mesopotamian religions, and in ancient Egypt represented immortality. In Judaism, the lulav, a closed frond of the date palm is part of the festival of Sukkot. A palm branch was awarded to victorious athletes in ancient Greece, and a palm frond or the tree itself is one of the most common attributes of Victory personified in ancient Rome.
Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palm_branch

Further, those are Delta Phoenicia Palms..
A truly organic pest eradication tool, these sterile plants can only be grown from cuttings. Their pollen is lethal to most insectoid life forms. Historically it used their bodies as a host to germinate. Note this may cause hallucinations if workers are over-exposed.

Finally there is the minor problem of a Gutamaya Ocellus station in Sol. But I thought the superpowers hated each other? The why is the only part of Colonia Bridge that is actually manufactured by Brewer Corporation the megaships? Every single damn station installed as part of Colonia Bridge is an Ocellus. How did this happen? In 3008 (this is before the first game), President Tyrell Biggs signed an agreement with Emperor Hengist Duval to merge the Federation with the Empire. The Federation is dead, long may live the Galactic Cooperative . The Alliance, Federation, and Empire are for all practical purposes a unitary government with minor bits of make-up to disguise that fact.

Source:
-Tyrell Biggs' Election beacon in Sol
-Hengist Duval codex
-Elite Encounters RPG
-Only the Imperial Eagle is manufactured still, only parts are built for Eagle Mk II
-Colonia Bridge
-Ocellus station Galileo in Sol

---
Given that: presently working on sourcing the current name of system with the Myrmuths, Cirag, Trax, and Magellan. Also, working to understand how the branches and sub-routes worked for Faraway. That infrastructure was likely integrated into whatever form Raxxla exists.



You get that is why I go by the nickname "Morningstar". I found Heaven and realized a very sizable chunk of the Elite Pilots' Federation is actively involved in obscuring Raxxla (whether they consciously made the choice is another matter), that the Founder of the Pilot's Federation actually in some ways betrayed humanity, and that we are being herded like sheep towards our demise. This is why I speak out against the larger Elite Pilots' Federation/Circle of Independent Elite Pilots.

I didn't achieve all this to sell my soul for keeping it a secret. Salomé was absolutely correct in her warnings.

Better to be an open sinner, than a false saint. I have done bad things to advance the cause with the best of intentions in mind. I have also made amends for those sins when I realized I was played by those who claimed to be our leaders.
Last edited: Apr 3, 2023
Reactions:
R3aktor, Darrack and Dox Paradox