{SAS}Stalker
Feb 6, 2021
#20,972
CMDR Davanix said:
You see the reason i think most rabit hole theorys are hit or miss is the lack of CMDR data on their servers, they dont officially store where each individual person was otherwise we wouldnt have the issues of losing our data or backing up or exploration data file, they can see where everyone has been/passed but not stored on an individual basis and the same for sales of items, missions etc.....so....from this the only plausible outcomes i can see are Ranks, permits and other stored information like these would be somewhat "Preferred access" goals if there even is any perquisites to finding Raxxla which i doubt there is.

As for mythology etc yes i do think it may have a part, the issue is without any sort of indication on where to start this would take much longer than just passing through and honking everything instead, We have storys, fables etc most player made, fan made and rumours however no actual confirmed status from Fdev so for now all I see is rabbit holes to bury into instead of actually going and looking which is a major task in itself and been done since launch, I mean Raxxla if real has to be close if not in the bubble, whatever was retconned/not retconned it would be a major kick in the teeth if it wasnt as there would be no possible way to tie it with current codex entrys current "clues" if they even are etc, from this the only way currently would be to scour the whole area until Fdev give more which looking at it are holding their breath.

To be honest most players who started searching have gotten tired by now, most come then go and each time I enter this forum i see new faces, different theorys but yet the same sort of style just written differently using different guidelines but unfortunately the same outcome. I personally believe Fdev are just carrying this Raxxla legend to keep players who have everything done already to keep searching, I dont think a literal Raxxla exists in game that is actually seeable and not just some background lore which makes it technically "in game" A further thought of why i think it isnt ingame is these where moved into the "Roleplay & Lore section as apposed to the ingame section....not sure why but that in its self leads me to believe it is for now just background lore.
Click to expand...

I'm coming around to this same way of thinking now. If you take a step back and look at what we actually have for raxxla it is for the most part, player created. Sure there's an introduction to it a TDW in the codex but it has no context and thus meaningless.

I think the reason there's a blanket ban on them talking about it or even helping us distinguish between what is actually intended and what's a bug is because they need to keep this going because raxxla is an exit net for cmdrs who have reached the end of meaningful gameplay, how many of here are here for the mystery of raxxla?

I find the whole thing incredibly disappointing that the likelihood is, this is a ghost. I'm equally disappointed that after 6 years they couldn't have got something sorted out so it did exist.

I've said it before there's a time approaching where the ship will have sailed and they may well have missed the opportunity to exploit this golden egg, because after 6 years people have stopped caring.

For the record, despite answering my question in the AMA thread, and asking me to highlight which things we thought was a bug, Bruce didn't even have the courtesy to respond further. Take from that what you will.

Disgruntled Nottingham.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Burning_Scull, CMDR Davanix and 1 other person