Jorki Rasalas
Feb 7, 2021
#20,975
{SAS}Stalker said:
I'm coming around to this same way of thinking now. If you take a step back and look at what we actually have for raxxla it is for the most part, player created. Sure there's an introduction to it a TDW in the codex but it has no context and thus meaningless.

I think the reason there's a blanket ban on them talking about it or even helping us distinguish between what is actually intended and what's a bug is because they need to keep this going because raxxla is an exit net for cmdrs who have reached the end of meaningful gameplay, how many of here are here for the mystery of raxxla?

I find the whole thing incredibly disappointing that the likelihood is, this is a ghost. I'm equally disappointed that after 6 years they couldn't have got something sorted out so it did exist.

I've said it before there's a time approaching where the ship will have sailed and they may well have missed the opportunity to exploit this golden egg, because after 6 years people have stopped caring.

For the record, despite answering my question in the AMA thread, and asking me to highlight which things we thought was a bug, Bruce didn't even have the courtesy to respond further. Take from that what you will.

Disgruntled Nottingham.
Click to expand...

You’re suffering Space Madness, due to an excess of grind!
Just smile, be happy! pour yourself a Lavian brandy, power down your ship, switch on the TV and watch something entertaining. Or read a good book. Or go for a walk (but wrap up well cos it’s pretty darn cold out there this morning! The copawlot got dragged around a bit faster than usual on his morning EVA!)

What we are searching for cannot possibly match the overblown hype that has been bandied about. It is just an Easter egg, nothing more, hopefully visually really cool, but no gateway to another universe or treasures or aliens. That was all hype based on overblown player expectations from the original novella. FD haven’t promulgated that hype, they just refuse to talk about it.

Now I think the playerbase has currently discovered around 0.01% of the systems in the game universe (though come to think of it there might be another decimal place in there). So, IFF it is named and marked “RAXXLA” in big glowing lights when found within some randomly placed system then there is a long way to go before it is likely to be found. However IFF, like me, you believe it is in a system within the bubble, that has already been visited but it has not been discovered so it most probably is hidden or disguised in some way then the search approach needs to be modified accordingly. I don’t think in any way it’s an exit route from the game. Yes FD are annoying when they refuse to answer basic questions about it, but I don’t think they’re reliant on it in any way, it’s just an Easter egg.

But however you view Raxxla it is not worth pointless grind to the point of frustration. It is just a gameplay path that is a little different from the usual trade/combat/exploration gameplay paths. Just do something else for a while. It’s a game, if you’re not enjoying it that’s not FD’s fault, you’re doing something wrong
Reactions:
Fiera, [PS4] Filthymick420, 3navis and 6 others