ComSordan
C
May 22, 2021
#23,342
Ravenl0ft said:
View attachment 228914
I have shared this poster earlier. The idea here is not in believing in existance of aliens, it is to make yourself convince to something sincerely. Ofc the series and the motto is cool, but here i would like to look through the window of RAXXLA. Its been so long when this thread appeared, so many theories, wild goose chases, assuptions and disappointments. I dont know how to put this together, and im not a man of speeches, but bear with me guys, i will try my best to explain whats in my mind.

I always thought this riddle has its own answer. The very word raxxla should be the key to this door. According to fdev, it was there from the first day. And there has been a lot of arguement about its being in game and being accessible is different things. In here, I WANT TO BELIEVE that raxxla is accessible, it is waiting to be found desperately. If its not, meaning its hidden in a permit locked system, or in an unreachable asteroid field, thats another level of arguement. But lets take the first possibility and assume its accessible and waiting for us.

Correct me if im wrong, but Elite Dangerous has 15 million players count and the raxxla roots go back to 1984 (Alien world??)
With this said,
hereby i announce the RAXXLA as the greatest mystery of gaming history.

And here, I WANT TO BELIEVE that a mystery at this scale can not be found by chance or brute force, nor it is designed to be an advertisement property to get hype in the future content.

I WANT TO BELIEVE that we were looking under wrong stones all this time and a commander will find it and say; there you are, it was always there from the beginning.

So if it was there from the beginning (2014) waiting to be found, it means we dont need the alleged toast and codex entries. Those things came after some time from the release.I guess that, those words put there to ensure people they are looking to the right direction, when they are pushing the right buttons. This was the theory part, and i will always believe this mystery will unfold from the very word itself. And now i will share some findings and an interesting approach that has literally " a brow of a mother" and some tinfoil of course.























Click to expand...


Long time lurker here. Please excuse if the formating is off, this is indeed my first post here.

I punched the coordinates into Google Earth.
No direct hit, but something currious came up:



Does anybody know, what should have been there?

"Lost a Planet You Have (How Embarrasing)"

Edit:
While I'm at it:

The star with e should be HD 34019, the other one HD33654 if I'm not mistaken. They and 9 Aur match up to the drawing.

Last edited: May 22, 2021
Reactions:
simulacrae, Vetinari, clavain and 4 others