CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
May 22, 2021
#23,345
Jorki Rasalas said:
What’s that got to do with the pointing direction of the satellites & beacons? How is that a relevant comment?
Let me prefact this with there are other reasons to consider Sol as the reference point by which you find Raxxla that are given in the Raxxla Codex - specifically it surrounded in exceptionally close proximity to systems named for "star lovers" (i.e. astronomers and astrophysicists): Barnard's Star, Kapteyn's Star, Luyten's Star, Teegarden's Star, and Van Maanen's Star.

I checked and triple-checked with multiple reference stars from nearby constellations (and had others do the same). The main dish of both Voyager 1 and New Horizons points exactly at Polaris (not close but exactly at it). It is relevant as Polaris was long thought to be the location of Raxxla. I went into this clean slate and let the evidence lead me where it may figuring if it had gone this long without being found I would study all the evidence as is without trying to bias myself towards any given conclusion. This resulted in the following:

Delphi fails on numerous counts (being central reference point for deduction of Raxxla location):
-Fails on the fact that anything that remotely ties it to the codex was changed or added much later. Even the original system name was not Delphi until December 11th, 3304 - it was Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55. The Raxxla myth likely started mid-21st century or early 22nd century to be relatively widespread by the time Taylor Colony in Tau Ceti was self-sufficient (2159).

-The Codex image for Raxxla is a key piece of evidence and it perfectly matches the layout of the Sol System. This however doesn't mean Raxxla is there just that it is the central reference (omphalos) by which it can be deduced. Sol is also the omphalos (central reference) for the majority of our species existence, it was where human interstellar colonization began, and is humanity's home system.

-Most other systems fail hard on the fact that either humans didn't have the technology to get out there at the time or falls flat on retransmission. For example, the most pessimistic values for hyperspace probes put launches at 2150 (mid-22nd century) but for sake of argument lets say the early hyperspace beacon implies the earliest reasonable dates (late 21st - very early 22nd century for fast - hyperspace capable probes): this means discovery had at 60-80 years to happen, get retransmitted back to Earth or humans in some fashion, and become widely enough known to be referenced in stories. Let's assume lightspeed is the fastest any message can be transmitted and that superluminal communication if it exists in Elite's universe didn't happen until much later and closer to commercialization of hyperspace (counter example: data courier missions mere existence). Even under the most optimistic figures of 80 years range of time of time would have gone something like this: launch of interstellar probes, travel of no more than 25 lightyears distance, retransmit and arrive in Sol 25 years later, and 30 years to become widely known. That is the single most optimistic scenario (and even it kills off 99.9% galaxy in one shot as possibilities. The only way this works out any differently and can be much further is the sensors that detect it are in Sol and pick up an electromagnetic burst, or communication sent years to centuries prior that gives humans the knowledge that something was out there called Raxxla. Unfortunately, with the timelines involved this happened so damn early in the expansion period (keep in mind the first 100-250 years humans just expanded within Sol itself) that it severely limits option unless we intercepted a signal in our home system. Polaris and the probes become one the very few vectors that could have happened.

This isn't the end of story, though, because those probes further limit the discovery time frame. Both Voyagers will have insufficient power to return signals to Earth within a very short time frame. Voyager 2 cannot return anything because it had a gyroscope failure a few years before the release of the game. NASA might be able to fix it but the last shot to do so is this Summer and odds are not good. Voyager 1 runs out of power this year. Voyager 2 already lost power 6-9 months ago (source for both Voyagers: https://voyager.jpl.nasa.gov/frequently-asked-questions/ ). Which leaves New Horizons which is the only other probe other than Voyager 1 pointed at Polaris: New Horizons will have insufficient power to transmit by the mid-2030s - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Horizons#Power ). Therefore, at the absolute earliest (with a known method of discovery) Raxxla is discovered by electromagnetic burst, or intended communication (though if it was a communication it wasn't intended for us) from its origin point to Sol in the 2030s via human sensors aboard the ancient probes when humans were still unable to leave Sol. That is why it is important.

Raxxla is not in Sol but Sol has the single best pathway for discovery and gives hints as to Raxxla's location.
Last edited: May 22, 2021
Reactions:
ArchEmperor and CMDR Sophie Joanne