CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 13, 2021
#24,966
Jorki Rasalas said:
This (plus the Mars artefact indicating aliens had visited Sol) was my original reason for concentrating my search around Sol. Yet the rumour date of 2296 allows for a potential find date of up to around 2290 (assuming a secretive organisation finds it, but with some leakage due to human nature/hostile intelligence efforts, etc). Lack of supporting evidence for a report/gossip in pilots’ bars suggesting “something” odd had possibly been found “somewhere” would cause a rumour to arise in a short time. The Republic of Achenar (139.5 ly from Sol) was founded in 2292, suggesting that was the edge of the bubble at that time.
So I think Raxxla may be anywhere within a bubble centred on Sol (or Tau Ceti if you wish) out to ~150 ly radius

And possibly much further if unmanned probes and manned deep space exploration are taken into account.
There is another potential wrinkle here and I am going to Phiagre and probably Wolf 424 tonight to confirm the nature of the "Bubble" ships in First Encounters (specifically are they Dredgers). I suspect these are dredgers anecdotally based upon a "new" (actually very old) tech unveiled New Rossyth Shipyard (AAAI) for the Quest vessels that suspiciously sounds very close to Dredger based drive tech (this is from http://www.dream-ware.co.uk/first-encounters/journals/all/ ):


MINER/PROCESSORS - A NEW DEVELOPMENT IN FUEL TECHNOLOGY

M.C.S


Engineers and technologists at the New Rossyth Shipyard are developing a new generation of mining machines capable of converting base nuclear ores into fuel suitable for use by the new 'Class 4' military drives. A redevelopment of the core reactor in the 'Class 4' enables the drive to use a wider range of semi-stable fuels with an improved fuel conversion ratio - in crude terms, there is more 'thrust per tonne' than in the old 'Class 3' engines. The new M/Ps can be transported and landed in the same way as the old-style mining machines and are designed to make use of the wider range of potential fuels by mining, extracting and processing the raw materials to create fuel rods in the format required by the new 'Class 4' drives. If it works, this innovation removes the one of the last barriers to infinite distance deep space travel, however, to be effective, the machines have to survive long periods unattended in a wide variety of planetary environments and this has yet to be tested. We await further reports with interest.

If these are dredgers they have the very same jump range as a modern fleet carrier and can clear the modern-day bubble in a single jump. See the relevant GalNet:

https://www.elitedangerous.com/news/galnet/scriveners-clan-abandons-hesperus

From the GalNet:


Pilots Federation ALERT

The dredger belonging to the Scriveners Clan has left the Perseus Dark Region KC-V c2-2 system, where the Hesperus megaship is located.

The 200-year-old ‘ghost ship’, once owned by Azimuth Biochemicals, was discovered in April when the nomadic clan began salvaging it for materials and data.
Erik Gunnarson of the Wallglass Investigations Agency speculated: “When the Scriveners laid claim to the Hesperus, I expected only a cloud of fragments would remain. But their salvage operation has been prematurely abandoned, after stripping the megaship’s innards and leaving behind a mostly intact hull.”

“Why have they done this? Perhaps because this particular dredger clan avoids outsiders. Public interest in the Hesperus inspired thousands of curious travellers to see it for themselves, potentially drawing more scrutiny than the secretive tribe could bear.”

“Alternatively, the Scriveners detected richer pickings elsewhere – either fresh resources for the dredger to consume or new information for their ‘Knowledge Core’. In theory they could still be tracked down as their vessel’s hyperdrive has a similar range to modern-day fleet carriers.”

“We know very little about the Scriveners, and even less about other clans. However, with the recent appearance of the Blue Viper Club dredger at Kumo City, I’m hopeful more may be revealed about these roaming societies.”

----

If this tech is essentially based on Dredger tech, we know Dredgers have ridiculous jump range and this tech powered the new generation of generation ships it (Raxxla) either could be inside the Bubble or outside it. I think we may yet have to find a dredger to get more details. This means even though the tech was primitive they still had crazy jump ranges possibly.
Last edited: Dec 13, 2021