IngvarGreen
Dec 16, 2021
#24,973
I had a similar idea based on the fact that:

The mother of galaxies is the constellation Virgo, as there are a lot of galaxies there
Virgo is also Demeter, the goddess of fertility, and the word galaktikos means milk
Also Astrophel and stellar spirals (more precisely, spiralling stars) - Astrophel is a lover of stars - Astria in Roman mythology, a star girl or a lover of stars, the Romans have this constellation Virgo, plus spiral galaxies (spiralling stars) in it.
Two women, Cora and Cynthia, are mentioned in connection with Raxxla , and they are both daughters of Demeter, and moreover, the full name is Cynthia Sideris, where Sideris is also a Greek word meaning constellation.

Now, "a place that is not a place and a door that is also a key" - this can indicate a place in a figurative sense, a place on the sky map, that is, the direction of flight, and a constellation in this sense is great, since it is not really a place. In addition, we remember that the Raxxla was discovered at the dawn of interstellar flights and everyone has to overcome the path to it by himself - this also fits well into the idea of the need for a long journey from the Sun to a place unattainable by hyper-jumping (this also explains why it was not rediscovered later when they started using jump engines).

Now about where exactly in the constellation of Virgo she can be. I was thinking about the Auva star because she is the navel (omphalos) Virgo, although there may be a mistake here. At least I flew in that direction, expecting that if my path lay close to some hidden object, I would see that my speed would start to drop. In addition, I sometimes took screenshots to compare them to see if something in the sky moves. But I didn't find anything except that after 0.3 St.l. There is another star in the sky not far from Auva, which was absolutely not there before, and now it is always there when I jump into the Sol and look in this direction. I identified her as SHoujeman, but I still don't know if it's a glitch or has something to do with the Raxxla or something else. If it is not difficult for someone, look if it is displayed in your sky. Screenshots before and after her appearance in the sky are attached.
Attachments
zT4oJL8HoX0.jpg
314 KB 路 Views: 99
TnNdNytvksI.jpg
379.3 KB 路 Views: 90
ZLZpMQkCBX4.jpg
12.1 KB 路 Views: 93
p4a-RW-J0gE.jpg
10.8 KB 路 Views: 77
Reactions:
Adel, Exekrator, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and 3 others