Han_Zen
Dec 13, 2021
#24,968
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
There is another potential wrinkle here and I am going to Phiagre and probably Wolf 424 tonight to confirm the nature of the "Bubble" ships in First Encounters (specifically are they Dredgers). I suspect these are dredgers anecdotally based upon a "new" (actually very old) tech unveiled New Rossyth Shipyard (AAAI) for the Quest vessels that suspiciously sounds very close to Dredger based drive tech (this is from http://www.dream-ware.co.uk/first-encounters/journals/all/ ):


MINER/PROCESSORS - A NEW DEVELOPMENT IN FUEL TECHNOLOGY

M.C.S


Engineers and technologists at the New Rossyth Shipyard are developing a new generation of mining machines capable of converting base nuclear ores into fuel suitable for use by the new 'Class 4' military drives. . If it works, this innovation removes the one of the last barriers to infinite distance deep space travel, however, to be effective, the machines have to survive long periods unattended in a wide variety of planetary environments and this has yet to be tested. We await further reports with interest.

If these are dredgers they have the very same jump range as a modern fleet carrier and can clear the modern-day bubble in a single jump. See the relevant GalNet:



From the GalNet:




The dredger belonging to the Scriveners Clan has left the Perseus Dark Region KC-V c2-2 system, where the Hesperus megaship is located.

The 200-year-old ‘ghost ship’, once owned by Azimuth Biochemicals, was discovered in April when the nomadic clan began salvaging it for materials and data.
Erik Gunnarson of the Wallglass Investigations Agency speculated: “When the Scriveners laid claim to the Hesperus, I expected only a cloud of fragments would remain. But their salvage operation has been prematurely abandoned, after stripping the megaship’s innards and leaving behind a mostly intact hull.”

“Why have they done this? Perhaps because this particular dredger clan avoids outsiders. Public interest in the Hesperus inspired thousands of curious travellers to see it for themselves, potentially drawing more scrutiny than the secretive tribe could bear.”

“

“We know very little about the Scriveners, and even less about other clans. However, with the recent appearance of the Blue Viper Club dredger at Kumo City, I’m hopeful more may be revealed about these roaming societies.”

----

If this tech is essentially based on Dredger tech, we know Dredgers have ridiculous jump range and this tech powered the new generation of generation ships it (Raxxla) either could be inside the Bubble or outside it. I think we may yet have to find a dredger to get more details. This means even though the tech was primitive they still had crazy jump ranges possibly.
Click to expand...
I don't think the bubble ships made it into ED lore. Many of the more outrageous elements of FFE lore were simply dropped. Like the fact that most imperials were clones and that a large chunk of the fed. population were sentient androids.

Bubble ships were gigantic spheres that basically acted as inside out planets. They were forged from metallic asteroids. They functioned like dredgers, but were not jump capable (except one).

I doubt we will see them in ED, but it would be great.
Reactions:
Crimson Echo and CMDR Von Abrahart