killbot_2000
K
May 25, 2021
#23,400
so i was looking over the codex entry and the lines about the story "princess astrophel and the spiralling stars" and how its said to contain hints. or not.
it has convinced me for the moment that it had something to do with raxxla as why else would they include the later lines of that sentence..
i went through the other posts about princess astrophel and the story it perhaps alludes to..Astrophel-and-Stella by sir philip sidney

but i also decided to go off on a slight tangent.
astrophel means star lover/beloved of a star
so instead of looking for princes astrophel references i looked for princes star lover
this lead me to
The Romance of Altair and Vega
the story and text told on this particular site is very thought conjuring and does match the lore/story described in the codex.
The Star of Vega is relatively close to us, at only 25 light years and subsequently it is the 5th brightest star visible from Earth. Vega lies within the constellation of Lyra which is said to be the harp played by the legendary Greek musician Orpheus. As a result, some refer to Vega as the Harp Star &#8211; given it a lot of romantic connotations. Vega was also the star system where the aliens from Carl Sagan&#8217;s book (and subsequent film) Contact come from.
princess?
Altair is also another close neighbour, even closer than Vega at only 16.8 light-years away from Earth. An interesting aspect about Altair is that it rotates very rapidly requiring only about 10 hours to spin once on its axis,
The spiraling star?
As a result of this it doesn’t have a spherical shape and is flattened compared to other stars. Altair is famously associated with the eagle constellation Aquila (Altair being Arabic for Eagle, as Aquila is Latin for Eagle).

Vega was celestial princess, a goddess of the sky. Immortal she may have been, yet she was weary as it seemed she would live in eternity alone.

One day Altair, a mortal, caught the eye of Vega. She descended from the heavens to greet him, and as they got to know each other she fell deeply in love. Vega promises Altair that no matter what they will be together in the heavens.

But when Vega’s father finds out, he is enraged that his daughter would fall in love with a mere mortal. His fury only grows when he discovers that Vega promised to bring Altair up to the heavens with here.

In the most cruel of fashions, Vega’s father grants the promise that she made. The two lovers were placed in the sky as stars. Yet while they were both in the heavens, they were not together. The great Celestial River, (known to us as Milky Way) separated them.

Yet each year, on the 7th night of the 7th moon, a bridge of magpies forms across the Celestial River. Though it would be for one night a year the two lovers are reunited as Altair dares to travel to his beloved.

Yet, sometimes Altair’s annual trip across the Celestial River is too dangerous and he doesn’t quite make it.

In those dark years, Vegas’ tears form raindrops that fall over japan (japanese version)

the important part of this story.
he two lovers were placed in the sky as stars. Yet while they were both in the heavens, they were not together. The great Celestial River, (known to us as Milky Way) separated them.

Yet each year, on the 7th night of the 7th moon, a bridge of magpies forms across the Celestial River. Though it would be for one night a year the two lovers are reunited as Altair dares to travel to his beloved.
FROM THE CODEX
Several versions of the raxxla story mention an alien artfact, the omphalos rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed.

so this story some seem to have several resemblances to raxxla. bridge of magpies=bridge/gateway/tunnel? how does it help us find it? im not sure yet. feel free to dig deeper into that story.
one possibilty is that the gateway only opens on a specific date as in the story.
the 7th night of the 7th moon? what does that mean? earth moon? the 7th moon of a different solar system? 7th night of that moon? 77?

other interesting parts?
Yet, sometimes Altair’s annual trip across the Celestial River is too dangerous and he doesn’t quite make it.

In those dark years, Vegas’ tears form raindrops that fall over japan
the story is pasted but it doesn't have to be japan. it could be the milkyway. what did people find dozens of previously? mysterious crystals. crystals = tear/raindrops?

from the chinese version:

“Old bull, you speak? How? Did Vega give you some of her magic?” Altair asked.

“Yes. And I know you love her. Get on my back, and we will go to the Heavens,” replied the bull.

Altair climbed on the bull’s back and they took off to the Heavens.

The Lady of the Sky noticed, so to stop them, she used her magic to turn the pathway into a river (now known as the Heavenly River or Milky Way).

Altair came to the edge of the river and shared a final look with Vega. They both started weeping, wishing there was a way they could be together.
Click to expand...
heavenly river? gateway? portal?

from https://earthsky.org/brightest-stars/vega-brilliant-blue-white-is-third-brightest-star/


Observers in the Northern Hemisphere typically begin noticing Vega in the evening around May, when this star comes into view in the northeast in mid-evening. You can see Vega in very early evening by June – and high in the east by August evenings – high overhead on autumn evenings – in the northwestern quadrant of the sky on December evenings.

Vega is easily recognizable for its brilliance and blue-white color. You can also easily pick out its constellation Lyra, which is small and compact, and consists primarily of Vega and four fainter stars in the form of a parallelogram.

The little constellation Lyra has some interesting features. Near Vega is Epsilon Lyrae, the famed “double-double” star. Between the Gamma and Beta stars is the famous Ring Nebula, visible in small telescopes.

Vega is one of three stars in an asterism – or noticeable star pattern – called the in the early evening sky. The other two stars in the Triangle are and . You can see the Summer Triangle in the evening beginning around June, through the end of each year.
Click to expand...

well everything keeps coming back to some period between may june and july (the 7th month/the 7th moon? 7th day?)

well i wont ramble on anymore. thoughts?
Reactions:
SkyRock, RaNaketh, Exekrator and 3 others