CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 18, 2022
#28,538
Rochester said:
https://community.elitedangerous.com/en/node/353

‘Some will know from our timeline that many thousands of ‘generation ships’ left the safety of Earth beginning in beginning in the 24th century onwards’

‘In those days when faster-than-light communication didn’t exist, many of these potential settlers faced terrible risks alone, travelling thousands of light years into the black’….

‘The plight of The Missing is just one of the things that will become more prominent over the coming year and the Commanders of the Pilots Federation will be pivotal in solving these mysteries. You can expect more news on this soon’…

I wonder how much of this got exaggerated over time, how much was retconned, I remember when this was posted, the indication at the end felt like ‘more was to come’ but it didn’t, at least not to my perception, leading to Braben’s leak about ‘number stations’… like many other elements in game, I feel it’s partly inconsistent, partly half written and likely other elements were later cobbled together by other writers when certain employees left ED?
Click to expand...
I mean I get the feeling but the Bubble got populated between 2230 - 2412 (Lave was likely one of the last launched generation ships). This means most were successful. Though, per EDSM there are 20,622 populated systems within 5,000 LY of Sol leaving almost 50,000 generation ships unaccounted for at present. Even Phekda was settled via generation ships per system description:

A rare anarchy system that maintains a powerful industrial economy. Also known as Gamma Ursae Majoris and Phad.

The home system for The Ancients of Mumu who are adherents to the entity \"Mumu\". Their aim is to maintain the substance and nature of their society and protect their home system from incursion by any non-believers. Founded in the 12th century, while still planet bound on Mother Earth, the (then) Adherents of Mumu sought to better their environment for the benefit of others.

When first generation ships were due to leave Earth their society sought to colonise a system far from Earth as they believed that Earth itself was not worth saving. The colonists, by and large, survived the journey, arriving several hundred years ago. A significant proportion of the first settlers had developed a sincere hatred of space travel by the time they made first landing.

Since their arrival they have grown particularly attached to their home and have transformed into a community that is fiercely protective of its chosen system and resistant to any attempts at visitation by those who have not been granted access.
Click to expand...

It just means the initiative to settle the Bubble and its' extended halo of populated systems was successful beyond expectations.
Last edited: Dec 18, 2022
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard