Louis Calvert
Dec 18, 2022
#28,532
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
I have already proven it was one continuous Universe. Earth is in the lore of every single game at minimum. Even the Codex states Lakon Spaceways is from Sol originally. The modern version of the oldest ship is the Type-6 Transporter (originally known just as Transporter in the first game). Even Lavian Brandy is made in Oak barrels from Earth per in-game description. The naming scheme is really a trivial difference and I have found pretty much all the major lore systems in Elite Dangerous. It is fair game for explaining away quirks in the lore as far as I can tell.
If you'd like to work on something that's been puzzling me a lot, and may actually fall into your area of expertise, consider this very strange mystery:

Why were the Generations ships made at all? and how did Earth send out 70,000 of them!?!?!

It was less than 30 years between the first gen ship launch (2097) and the development of FTL (2130). We're told that 70,000 gen ships were launched from Earth. Presumably few/no gen ships were launched much after 2130 (why would anyone invest in a gen ship when FTL was proven).

That means we have something like 6 Gen ships launched every singe day between 2097 and 2130.
Even if you assume that Gen ships were still made and launched for 30 years after FTL was discovered, then you're talking about 3 Gen ships per day, every day, for 60 years - that's still absolutely insane numbers.
Even if you extend this timeline and say that Gen ships were used for 100 full years after FTL was developed, then you're talking about something like 1.5 generation ship launched per day, every day, for a hundred and thirty years.

Imagine that. Imagine the insanely huge material, technical, and humanitarian industry that would go into making and launching ships capable of supporting thousands of people for dozens or hundreds of generations - every single day of the year for at least decades using basically the same tech we have today. Just shuttling up thousands of people from Earth and getting them to the Gen ship, how many space-launches is that? hundreds, maybe thousands of launches from Earth every single day for decades.

Michael Brooks said the gen ships used tech that's basically what we have now (in 2022, (or rather 2015)), though he includes fusion torches in that list. So we're not talking super-sci-fi space tech at this point. We're saying that these insanely massive construction projects were made with basically the same tech we're using to make Artemis and SpaceX stuff now.

I can't figure out:

a) Why this many generation ships were launched at all.
b) Where the resources and funding for these gen ships came from in post WW3 Earth.

My assumption... is that something in history around the end of the 21st Century was the 'reason' for what seems to have been a desperate mass evacuation of the Sol system (not just Earth, but the entire Sol system, since a gen ship is a self-sustaining space station, if it was just that Earth was dying they could easily just go into orbit or colonise the other bodies in Sol, no need to go interstellar at all.)

Thoughts?
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and Rochester