CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 18, 2022
#28,534
Louis Calvert said:
My assumption... is that something in history around the end of the 21st Century was the 'reason' for what seems to have been a desperate mass evacuation of the Sol system (not just Earth, but the entire Sol system, since a gen ship is a self-sustaining space station, if it was just that Earth was dying they could easily just go into orbit or colonise the other bodies in Sol, no need to go interstellar at all.)
Your answer is what happened immediately following World War III. My document on the case against Salvation has the specifics but the population dropped rapidly. Real humans fled because what they didn't understand was the "people" that died were androids, cyborgs, and artificial intelligences. This is Mycoid. The Imperial Navy Research Arm later cures Jaques of a condition that attacked his non-human parts and that is where the Mycoid came from that was tested at Sohalia. The Club even then were already preparing for an eventual meeting with the Guardians. There must have been relics of theirs left on Earth.

From the Frontier gazetteer:
Earth
Steeped in history, the Earth has suffered many adversities before becoming the resort that it is today. Humanity began here and documented accounts tell of three planet-bound wars, the last one in 2040 almost bringing extinction due to the loss of life and environmental damage. For these reasons the landscape has changed beyond all recognition since then, mainly due to devastation and depopulation of nearly all the cities and towns. The final insult was a viral pandemic, for which no cure was found and many perished who were not resistant to it.


As the world was rebuilt corporations became more influential and the balance of power went in their favour. After the war, fierce competition between them made it possible for space to be conquered whereas previously, that was seen as unimportant and exploration budgets were cut.


As extra-terrestrial settlements were established industry was moved off the Earth along with many people. An intensive environmental rescue program saved the planet and it again became the beautiful place it once was. It became both a very up-market tourist destination and the Federation capital with only the extremely rich being able to live there. Many native extra-terrestrials aspire to visit their roots and save up for many years just to be able to say they have been to their ancestors' birthplace.
Click to expand...

The Moon
Heavy industry was moved here in the early days and it is based around the only starport. Apollonius city. This is another must for the tourist being the first city to be built on an airless surface. The majority of the settlement is subterranean and the vast halls like chasms are quite breathtaking. Many beat a path to the famous Museum of Humanity which has many rare exhibits from early space exploration, you will wonder how we managed to get where we are today!

From "..All that Glisters" on Jaques:

"I was due to be part of a standard POW exchange, but when the generals realised that I'd had Empire surgeons tinkering around inside me, they didn't want to know. The Federation were only just beginning to realise how far ahead the Empire was in genetic research and they were deathly afraid of letting in a latent plague. It had happened on one or two worlds before, so all returnees were put through quarantine. They reckoned I would need about twenty years before I was safe. Maybe they were right, I couldn't tell you, I just decided to stay in the Empire.

"It took a bit of bartering, I can tell you. The Federation still regarded me as their property, I was quite a high-tech device for the time. By this time Guvenour's peace had been negotiated and so technicians from the Federation could come and de-activate one or two nasty bits and pieces still inside me. All that remained was to figure out a price to let me go."

The man at the bar gave a bit of a start. "But you were a Federation citizen weren't you? There's no slavery in the Federation, so how could they sell you to the Empire?"

"Oh, they weren't trying to sell me to the Empire! They wanted to sell me back to me. Remember, I was one of the earliest successful cyborgs and they wanted to keep me in their pocket, official secrets and all that. But after Hell's Gate and the reconstruction work, it was hard to tell how much of me was left. Different experts and lawyers claimed that between about a pint or up to one quarter of my body was original organic, the rest was Federation or Empire tinkering. They made me pay for all the modifications!"

There was a sense of bitterness in the cyborg's delivery, and the man at the bar wondered what the cyborg had gone through at the time to make the memory so sour after all this time. He reached for his glass and noticed he had emptied it again. With a resigned gesture he asked for another. Jaques slid off to get a re-fill.

"So how did you end up here?" the man called after him.

"It turned out the Federation boys were pretty nearly right about the Empire doctoring." Jaques rotated his head through an impossible angle to answer while he continued pouring the beer. The man blinked and remembered that he had no idea how the cyborg was put together.

"Two years after leaving the POW camps, after the money side was settled, I needed some more genetic manipulation to fix a nasty disease. When I got the treatment, the Empire stung me for medical bills. It took me over a hundred years to work off the contracts to both Federation and Empire, piloting ships, cleaning reactors. Hazardous jobs which no whole human could deal with and no pure robot or android could handle either. Those days are gone now, thank goodness, not that I'm in any condition to do that sort of work any more."
Click to expand...
Last edited: Dec 18, 2022
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard