SpocksOddSocks
Dec 18, 2022
#28,539
Rochester said:
https://community.elitedangerous.com/en/node/353

‘Some will know from our timeline that many thousands of ‘generation ships’ left the safety of Earth beginning in beginning in the 24th century onwards’

‘In those days when faster-than-light communication didn’t exist, many of these potential settlers faced terrible risks alone, travelling thousands of light years into the black’….

‘The plight of The Missing is just one of the things that will become more prominent over the coming year and the Commanders of the Pilots Federation will be pivotal in solving these mysteries. You can expect more news on this soon’…

I wonder how much of this got exaggerated over time, how much was retconned, I remember when this was posted, the indication at the end felt like ‘more was to come’ but it didn’t, at least not to my perception, leading to Braben’s leak about ‘number stations’… like many other elements in game, I feel it’s partly inconsistent, partly half written and likely other elements were later cobbled together by other writers when certain employees left ED?
Click to expand...
I think it's possibly this that I was thinking of, so definitely inconsistent with current in-game lore.

I think I might also have got this merged with that post by Sapyx that we can't find sources for (which mentioned 2700 not 2400 as I'd thought):

Generation Ships: All you need to know
I posted some musings on Generation Ships in a thread in the main forum, and popular demand (well, OK, it was DNA-Decay, but I'm sure he's quite popular in some parts) requested I post the information in the Lore subforum, so it didn't get lost. Rather than simply duplicate it, I'll reformat it...
forums.frontier.co.uk

I currently suspect that most of this information was from the Drew Wagar site, which I'm sure he stated was meant to be canon based on his dealings with fdev at the time, but has since been deleted (I'm guessing due to retcons).

The fact that there definitely seem to have been retcons during the span of the game, it gets very frustrating. I'm starting to suspect Frontier are trying to make it seem as if The Club have hexediting us all. I really need thicker tinfoil! (I'm sure the Christmas livestream suggested we might need it for some reason, but that might only have been for the Turkey.)
Last edited: Dec 18, 2022
Reactions:
Rochester and Louis Calvert