SpocksOddSocks
Dec 18, 2022
#28,533
Louis Calvert said:
If you'd like to work on something that's been puzzling me a lot, and may actually fall into your area of expertise, consider this very strange mystery:

Why were the Generations ships made at all? and how did Earth send out 70,000 of them!?!?!

It was less than 30 years between the first gen ship launch (2097) and the development of FTL (2130). We're told that 70,000 gen ships were launched from Earth. Presumably few/no gen ships were launched much after 2130 (why would anyone invest in a gen ship when FTL was proven).

That means we have something like 6 Gen ships launched between 2097 and 2130.

Imagine that. Imagine the huge material, technical, and humanitarian industry that would go into making and launching ships capable of supporting thousands of people for dozens or hundreds of generations - every single day of the year for at least decades using basically the same tech we have today. Just shuttling up thousands of people from Earth and getting them to the Gen ship, how many space-launches is that? hundreds, maybe thousands of launches from Earth.

Michael Brooks said the gen ships used tech that's basically what we have now (in 2022, (or rather 2015)), though he includes fusion torches in that list. So we're not talking super-sci-fi space tech at this point. We're saying that these insanely massive construction projects were made with basically the same tech we're using to make Artemis and SpaceX stuff now.

I can't figure out:

a) Why this many generation ships were launched .
b) Where the resources and funding for these gen ships came from in post WW3 Earth.

My assumption... is that in history around the end of the 21st Century was the 'reason' for what seems to have been a (not just Earth, but the entire Sol system, since a gen ship is a self-sustaining space station, if it was just that Earth was dying they could easily just go into orbit or colonise the other bodies in Sol, no need to go interstellar at all.)

Thoughts?
Click to expand...
I saw something on here recently that said generation ships were being sent out until about 2400, and that hyperdrive was too unreliable for transporting people until around that time.

I think the link was a transcription of an interview with Michael Brookes.

70,000 still seems like a lot, but it definitely wasn't limited to as short a timespan as 33 years.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and Rochester