Rochester
Dec 18, 2022
#28,522
A cunning plan

Following on from the John Milton Conundrum; if we extrapolate along a trajectory starting from Pandemonium via Sol; but apply the John Milton equation of x 3; we identify Akras.

This is based upon the assumption where Milton identifies in Paradise Lost, the distance from Hells gate to the gate of Heaven as being 3 times the radius (or mini diameters) of the celestial sphere.

If we accept Pandemonium as the Celestial South Pole, and Sol as the axis, if this calculation is correct, based upon the distance from Sol to Pandemonium, this ought to place the Celestial North Pole at: -68.3125 / 228.0625 / -91.9375 = Akras. *established now as incorrect.

Äkräs (also Ägröi, Egres) is a Finnish god of fertility and the turnip, the protector of beans, peas, cabbage!

Based upon its absurd naming it’s highly unlikely that Akras is the intended Celestial North Pole. I was there last night, twas a dull place of no importance. This draws attention to the assumption that Sol, is not the true Axis or that the distance attributed is incorrect.

It may also be, that FD are not aware of this John Milton calculation or it has been misinterpreted by this Cmdr.

There is also the issue that this concept is reliant upon the existence of a Milton sphere of influence, for this I’ve utilised Pandemonium to determine the distance; it cannot be Achenar (2296) which would seem the logical choice, but Achenar is actually further away than Pandemonium.

If following the Milton universe exactly then the Crystalline Sphere would not contain Pandemonium, which ought to be at least 1 radius aware from Sol…so this is primarily an assumption.

The prevalence of the Yggdrasil system and Norse runes systems does open this up to a much wider context. On they’re own they hold little relevance other than assisting to denote the diameter of the Milton mobile, therefore it either identifies there is no Celestial North Pole, or that a Yggdrasil system is being utilised as the primary axis, or Raxxla is shaped like a turnip.

Of course if not a turnip, then at least we have a Celestial pole, if FD are following the logic attributed to Miltons model universe then all one needs do is follow it upwards…

Last edited: Dec 22, 2022
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, Jorki Rasalas and Louis Calvert