I and I Redeye
I
Aug 14, 2015
#48
Julio Montega said:
To be frank,
"Dark" might also mean or referr to "has no sun".
And a system without a sun is dark, but might harbor a black hole or neutron star....
Biggest reactor in the game, enjoying some riddling and a good conversation here

Overthinking mode activated:
I found an excerpt from the "Dark Wheel" mentioning that there where 8 connections with/from/to "RAXXLA"
but one got destroyed and "RAXXLA" vanished/ travelled.
They also mentioned "but the moon is still there." in that excerpt.
Sleipnir, the mythological steed of Odin is an 8-legged horse and travels through "8 dimensions".
This gives me the shivers.

I love a good riddle

Source:


Edit again:
The word is "RAXXLA", how did it originate?
Is it simply a birth of necessity?
"Gimme a good name for a sci-fi story based planet or contraption, from an alien perspective!"
"How about "raxxla"?"

Maybe.
I wonder why it is called "RAXXLA", are we missing letters because of information decay, being
passed on over the ages?

RAXXLA
RALAXX
GALAXY
?

AGSeeker said:
Found something on the Alioth Wiki.

Raxxla

The planet Raxxla. It is fabled to be a gateway to other universes, or at the very least a portal to somewhere else in the galaxy. Many parties actively search for Raxxla, but no-one has ever found it.
(related legends: 'shan ri la', 'the 7 planets of gold' and 'the whitehole, the wellspring of eternal life')

Maybe it's unrelated but "the 7 planets of gold" sounds suspicious.

Link:

Heya, those books/stories you are reading are made up by the author/s.
Drew is known for using latin and ancient references in his stories.
How much of that FD used is unknown cos its not canon.

Julio,
I believe that number system you are using is based on Pi and Hebrew and English.
It also only works on certain hebrew scriptures and King James Bible. It wouldn't work on another version of a bible for example, so it also doesn't work on other words or sentances afaik.

I'm not sure if 'Dark' means no sun. There is a thing called a 'Dark Sun' which is referring to the core of a planet basically.
There are also dark clouds in space that have planets we can't see, dunno if they have suns too or its unknown.
I think 'Dark Wheel' is exactly what you said before, the wheel is our galaxy and the dark is the version of our galaxy we can't see hence 'dark'.
So I beleive 'Dark Wheel' is another dimension of our galaxy. It is always identical, so the stars are all there but it looks totally different, prolly displayed without the colours of light we have here in this dimension, something like that.


So you want something to anaylise?

I found a ref to Raxxla going back as far as ancient Greek scriptures, scriptures which were used for the Latin Bible.
I am yet to find a copy of the original and the paragraph I saw it in is unreadable to me and untranslated.

Anyway, from 1980:

Was this a book written to encourage Sci-Fi genre to be concruent with their stories? Who knows, maybe just interesting research but there is some interesting things.
I am yet to read the book but thought I would share. I have checked some things.

SPOILER



Also what is this? Why is this here?
This is too freaky. Their other products are freaky too if you know what your looking at.
A map of Raxxla?

SPOILER


I have a theory on how a jump would occur, wheather FD have implemented it is another matter. I need a UA but I will test to eliminate when I get one.
I really think the answer is locked behind missions, after a certain amount of time or activity someone will get a mission and they will give a new module or something or a place to visit.
Last edited: Aug 14, 2015
Reactions:
Macros Black