Rochester
Aug 2, 2023
#31,045
Jorki Rasalas said:
My question is whether there is a further reason for this feature...are FD now pushing the discovery of Raxxla? Is it relevant to their Thargoid War storyline? @Rochester has remarked that the Thargoid Maelstroms seem to be located around the Underworld region he’s identified.
Yes - when mapped the Mealstroms have a focal point around this sector very close I might add to Artemis and other systems thereof. I’ve been looking into the triad theory with @Jorki Rasalas and that section holds some interesting links to Artemis.

I mapped the maelstroms, simply because they ‘looked like’ spiralling stars, thinking it an unimaginative solution but their focal point is an interesting possibility!

FD admission of a key Milton quote is not simply poetic license nor mindfulness, Milton WAS quoted in the removed DW missions, at least twice (maybe 3). The passage is directly tied to these references which together describe this section of Paradise Lost and Lucifers wanderIng on the ’outer rim’.

Directly below that area the in game is the underworld sector and Pandemonium and Axis Mundi amongst others, which tarry this concept even further.

In the text of Milton ‘heaven gate’ is described as a burning jewel on the brow of this sphere. Heavenly gates beset by jewels also feature on two of Brookes commissioned artworks….

The spheres are beginning to coalesce, I see plans, within plans.

‘Several versions of the Raxxla story mention an alien artefact, the Omphalos Rift, described as a gateway or tunnel through which parallel universes can be accessed. These details however, were later shown to bear a striking resemblance to children's story Princess Astrophel and Spiralling Stars, and soon lost credibility. Undaunted, some Raxxla seekers insisted that the story's author had cunningly concealed facts about the mysterious locale in his book as hints for those with eyes to see‘.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10138410
Last edited: Aug 2, 2023
Reactions:
Hanerib, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Jorki Rasalas