Jorki Rasalas
Aug 2, 2023
#31,041
simulacrae said:
Also described as a golden chain in the Illiad:

"Hang me a golden chain from heaven, and lay hold of it all of you, gods and goddesses together - tug as you will, you will not drag Zeus the supreme counselor from heaven to earth; but were I to pull at it myself I should draw you up with earth and sea into the bargain, then would I bind the chain about some pinnacle of Olympus and leave you all dangling in the mid firmament. So far am I above all others either of gods or men."

The golden chain being the axis mundi...


Nice to see what they did for MB and also curious if these new Brookes Tours take us somewhere interesting....
A Raxxla narrative?

Now technically mention of Raxxla in any book is not in-game!

We can discount any Raxxla mentions in AHTW and Premonition/Reclamation since we have been told repeatedly that those authors did not know anything about Raxxla. Legacy of course is different, since the author was MB who was responsible for Raxxla in-game. So I fully accept there may well be hints within Legacy!

The introduction of this MB tours feature is interesting. Is it just a tribute to MB? Clearly FD have seen the playerbase reaction to his demise and I believe he had many friends within FD themselves. He left them on good terms (despite some unfounded assertions that I’ve seen of late) so this development doesn’t surprise me. My question is whether there is a further reason for this feature...are FD now pushing the discovery of Raxxla? Is it relevant to their Thargoid War storyline? @Rochester has remarked that the Thargoid Maelstroms seem to be located around the Underworld region he’s identified. Are the Belligerent Brusselsprouts actually themselves looking for Raxxla? We’ve heard this suggested before (can’t remember by whom).

It’s an interesting question because, as I remarked last week, if Raxxla is related to the Triple Goddess myth which points towards Hecate, then it should already have been found by multiple players conversant with that myth. So why would FD push its discovery now? Or is it a more complex problem, perhaps Hecate is just one step in the journey and Raxxla hasn’t yet been found?
Reactions:
simulacrae, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, INaeem and 1 other person