Rochester
Aug 2, 2023
#31,048
Mmmm
Jorki Rasalas said:
Julia as a girl “dreamed of being the first pilot to discover Raxxla” & hoped to keep her Eagle as she’d grown accustomed to its idiosyncrasies...”whether it was a suitable ship for travelling all the way to Alliance space was another matter”...so is that a hint that Raxxla is in Alliance space? I thought MB made out the Alliance to be “evil men”? See him say in Elite: Dangerous Fiction Diary #1 7mins30 “When you’re travelling in Alliance space make sure you’re not accidentally smuggling something illegal” with big grin and fixed look for several seconds. He also mentioned the Martian alien artifact (about 10:21) in the context of other sentient species in the galaxy (Guardian?).
https://m.youtube.com/watch v=O6z5OK8J5pg&list=PL7glm5rbPHKw6e6_KkwUusJAzDzO9Yp0e&index=17&t=602s&pp=iAQB

I do suspect that Julia Cavus family were DW, I think this is insinuated by the codex that seems to correlate with elements of her history.

Julia Cavus farther from the book is identified as not overly keen on her pursuing his family business… in that he directly hides it from her.

This aligns with how the codex states, DW parents keep their offspring out of faction to protect them. It sounds too simple, but when viewed as simple data intelligence, this is actually ‘new information’ this was unknown prior to the Codex; so I believe FD are essentially dropping some major clue here.

Julia is also a good candidate because she also wanted to find Raxxla, no other character in ED official lore is directly linked to Raxxla.

Then there is her name - whose origin means daughter of Jove…making her sound very important?

Her wider family names may likewise also have relevance… Rex = King; Seline = Selene.

Certain locations are noted in the book related to her family.

One of the ships was called the Demeter, in the Artemis system: Artemis, Demeter, Selene…?

Regards Brookes post above about Alliance space I agree, that is highly likely what he was hinting at.

FD support in the past alluded that the trinkets were linked to the DW missions… that it was a paused ‘story’ which might get turned on in the future?

In Legacy a character dies but they cannot bury a body, so they enact a tradition of filling a cargo pod with various keepsakes and niknaks. That sounds to me very much like the description of Trinkets of Hidden fortune.

In the book and later in the Forums Brookes does insinuate Julia left the station, looking for her family, but her current location is unknown?

I’m now pretty confident Brookes book Legacy is the book referenced in the Codex. I would go so far as to presume Brookes also wrote both Codex’s and used them to drop specific hints towards his book Legacy and in game locations to assist in finding Raxxla and the DW because I suspect FD retconned an early narrative that would have resolved these.

The codex is a redux.
Last edited: Aug 28, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae