Jorki Rasalas
Aug 2, 2023
#31,047
Rochester said:
Yes - when mapped the Mealstroms have a focal point around this sector very close I might add to Artemis and other systems thereof. I’ve been looking into the triad theory with @Jorki Rasalas and that section holds some interesting links to Artemis.

I mapped the maelstroms, simply because they ‘looked like’ spiralling stars, thinking it an unimaginative solution but their focal point is an interesting possibility!

FD admission of a key Milton quote is not simply poetic license nor mindfulness, Milton WAS quoted in the removed DW missions, at least twice (maybe 3). The passage is directly tied to these references which together describe this section of Paradise Lost and Lucifers wanderIng on the ’outer rim’.

Directly below in the underworld sector and Pandemonium and Axis Mundi amongst others, which tarry this concept even further.

In the text of Milton ‘heaven gate’ is described as a burning jewel on the brow of this sphere. Heavenly gates beset by jewels also feature on two of Brookes commissioned artworks….

The spheres are beginning to coalesce, I see plans, within plans.

‘

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
If we assume Legacy is giving us clues about the Quest, then we need to examine the duplication of “children’s story”. In codex it’s entitled “Princess Astrophel and the Spiralling Stars” whereas in Legacy its “a book about a young man’s quest to save a princess from an alien dragon”. So it seems logical that these are one and the same, in which case how is an alien dragon relevant? Is it a Guardian/Thargoid reference? Or mythological reference to Satan as a dragon (in Bible/Revelations) and thence to Paradise Lost? The princess is evidently Astrophel (a Strophel reference to Hecate’s Wheel?) . Is it a reference to Draco the constellation? How are spiralling stars relevant? ...is there a black hole/NS pair in Draco? Is it a planetary disc? (Afterthought: is this a hint that the alien dragon is after Raxxla and it must be protected?)

Julia’s father Darik lived with a nomad gang for several months recuperating from severe injuries. So does this imply Thargoid Scavengers are relevant (e.g. where scavengers are repairing a crashed goid mother ship) or does it mean Scriveners? Or irrelevant?

Julia as a girl “dreamed of being the first pilot to discover Raxxla” & hoped to keep her Eagle as she’d grown accustomed to its idiosyncrasies...”whether it was a suitable ship for travelling all the way to Alliance space was another matter”...so is that a hint that Raxxla is in Alliance space? I thought MB made out the Alliance to be “evil men”? See him say in Elite: Dangerous Fiction Diary #1 7mins30 “When you’re travelling in Alliance space make sure you’re not accidentally smuggling something illegal” with big grin and fixed look for several seconds. He also mentioned the Martian alien artifact (about 10:21) in the context of other sentient species in the galaxy (Guardian?).
https://m.youtube.com/watch v=O6z5OK8J5pg&list=PL7glm5rbPHKw6e6_KkwUusJAzDzO9Yp0e&index=17&t=602s&pp=iAQB

Could the “something illegal” have been a reference to Trinkets of Hidden Fortune which are mysteriously strictly prohibited in almost every jurisdiction and which seem to have originally had some involvement with TDW/ Raxxla

One of the characters is Lina Mater (trader, cobra mk3) fourth generation descendant from a Jameson, who was a mother figure to her, and as a Jameson most likely a Dark Wheel member.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Rochester