Noobilite
Jan 27, 2020
#14,824
Filthymick420 said:
I was looking at some screen shots i took over the past year. after some recent discussion where someone posted the inside of a Coriolis station comparing it to the raxxla symbol, i couldnt help but start counting the lights around a 'wheel' station (toroid?). Anyways, is it just me or is there the same number of lights as the dots/dashes in the raxxla image?
View attachment 160250
Or is it space madness?

P.S. i ran out of tin foil a few months back....

p.p.s i just mean the outer most set of lights around the inner ring
Click to expand...
it's 32 for both rings if you consider those doubles.

Cunder said:
I have one on James Memorial
View attachment 160298
The back of jameson is interesting. It may be a graphics thing but the line looks like it's in dashes from the angle. Are there any bases with a 6 sided shape on the back like that? I know some bases have 6 engine pods, but I don't think they have those lines. Is it possible there is something very blunt. Do we check the back of most bases?

In fact the back of those pods are six sided and look just like the raxxla symbol. Except the 3 dash lines are straight instead of curved... that is fairly similar in many ways to the Raxxla symbol. And there are six of them if you consider the middle one. Is there a geometric relation to those two shapes if you consider 3d or 4d or other logic? Would any aspect of these or the raxxla symbol convert to the other?

Found this also. Did anyone figure out the lave coordinates on this item?

SPOILER: LINK

level 3
Tr4c3gaming

12 points · 9 months ago

speaking of "Nonesnsical", could you have an idea what this is, theres These Markings. Numbers and Barcodes on the Canisters aswell. since u seem to know your ciphers. i mean it seems to say "Lave" on it. soo
(its on the standard cargo canisters / Research Sample cargo canisters if your asking)
maybe it ties in with your findings.
Click to expand...

Appears to say something like:

Lave
(C/O) 208(5/3) (degree 8 / %?) 77
??

Is it a planetary coordinate. Can we land on lave(maybe soon! 8p)? Is it for planet C2? Maybe the asteroid belt 2(Castellan2) or 02085?

C20 85deg 877?!

BTW, does the back of jameson memorial station change or was the previous picture doctored?

Source: https://imgur.com/a/doD6QcI
Last edited: Jan 27, 2020
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, Cunder, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person