Cunder
C
Jan 29, 2020
#14,839
CMDR Maylor Rom said:
Ok, on a few different occasions, I have seen repostings of this hoax and friends have brought up OA's April Fools Video claiming Raxxla has been found and to use a set of keystrokes in the Jump sequence to deactivate the jump and find yourself in a system containing Raxxla. Folk's. If you have not already figured this out to be false and a joke, let me put this to rest right now.

The sequence of keystrokes OA refers to is known as the "Konami Code". It was developed way back in 1985, Kazuhisa Hashimoto was working on the arcade game Gradius. Because he didn’t want to actually play the whole game during the testing process, he developed a little shortcut that gave him a full set of power-ups, letting him live long enough to easily get to where he needed to without dying. When the game went live in 1986, the code was still there. To get full power-ups, all a player had to do was enter the code up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A. The trick caught on, and soon, the so-called “Konami Code” could be found in a number of arcade and video games. Most notably, it gave you 30 extra lives in Contra. This super-secret (…or not) code has a special place in the hearts of geeks who have since grown up and used the insider code in websites, in movies, and on TV shows.

Folks, THIS Konami Code DOES NOT WORK IN ELITE. But it may work in a few other places on the internet.

Here's a little twist on the code: Go to a Google search bar, then use Google Voice to search for "Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right." (No "b" or "a" necessary.) It unlocks a Google "cheat mode" that will make you laugh. Or at least roll your eyes.

So, in conclusion, don't waste any more time, effort, breath or text by continually posting this to other sites or making any more jokes to friends about it. In my opinion, it has gone way beyond funny now. OA should be chastized for perpetrating it in the first place.

Just so everyone who is serious about the search finally gets the message, and for those just joining, you have now been officially notified.

Now, having stated this, this is not to say that another sequence of keystrokes, done in some sequence during the Witch Space (Jump Sequence) which has yet to be found, may work.

To this end, I have a Logitech G815 with G-Keys, which I can program a macro to. I am now investigating the possibilities of using different words from the "Search For Raxxla" as macro's to see if anything interesting might happen. I have already tried the following.

1) The Konami Code, of course, and variations which have appeared on the web. Waste of time here.
2) Raxxla
3) David Braben
4) Ian Bell
5) Names from the "Credits" in Elite
6) "Go To Raxxla"
7) Solami
8 Phrases from Robert's book on the Dark Wheel.

So, for anyone with an RGB keyboard with the ability to program and activate macros during the jump sequence, have some fun.

You never know what will happen.

o7......
Click to expand...

Funny thing about this, there are a few other non Konami games that have used this code as well and is considered an easter egg of video games.

List of Games that use Konami Code

Edit: The list is incomplete but there are more games that use this code.
Reactions:
Machina Ergo Sum and [PS4] Filthymick420