GURU-951
Oct 1, 2019
#12,600
MB- "It's a journey..."
Cetus is the proverbial whale, or sea monster, and Tau Ceti is in the stomach of it. Think this was randomly picked as the birthplace for the rumors?

The belly of the whale represents the final separation from the hero's known world and self. By entering this stage, the person shows willingness to undergo a metamorphosis. When first entering the stage the hero may encounter a minor danger or set back.
Campbell: "The idea that the passage of the magical threshold is a transit into a sphere of rebirth is symbolized in the worldwide womb image of the belly of the whale. The hero, instead of conquering or conciliating the power of the threshold, is swallowed into the unknown and would appear to have died. This popular motif gives emphasis to the lesson that the passage of the threshold is a form of self-annihilation. Instead of passing outward, beyond the confines of the visible world, the hero goes inward, to be born again. The disappearance corresponds to the passing of a worshipper into a temple—where he is to be quickened by the recollection of who and what he is, namely dust and ashes unless immortal. The temple interior, the belly of the whale, and the heavenly land beyond, above, and below the confines of the world, are one and the same. That is why the approaches and entrances to temples are flanked and defended by colossal gargoyles: dragons, lions, devil-slayers with drawn swords, resentful dwarfs, winged bulls. The devotee at the moment of entry into a temple undergoes a metamorphosis. Once inside he may be said to have died to time and returned to the World Womb, the World Navel, the Earthly Paradise. Allegorically, then, the passage into a temple and the hero-dive through the jaws of the whale are identical adventures, both denoting in picture language, the life-centering, life-renewing act."
Click to expand...
-Joseph Campbell, the leading mythologist of the 20th century.

Or the HHGTTG reference found in Ursa Minor (connected to Polaris), specifically the Kocab system.

Or how the Athena system (recall the second day location of the Eleusinian mysteries) is Delta Velorum in Argo Navis.

Or the HP Lovecraft Hypnos connection in 8 Gamma Coronae Borealis with Love Enterprise And the Dark Wheel connection there with Neumann Terminal
Hypnos- "Fool that I was to plunge with such unsanctioned phrensy into mysteries no man was meant to penetrate; fool or god that he was—my only friend, who led me and went before me, and who in the end passed into terrors which may yet be mine."

Or The Orion's Belt/Barnard's Loop and its ties to the Orion Correlation theory (reference to TAW writing of the Oisir's creation of the pyramids in Egypt).

None of this seems suspect to you?
You cannot explore the constellations without going wider and far away from the Earth. Consider the idea that the myths are about gods and gods loved constellations.
I struggle with how this stuff doesn't seem in the very least suspect.
I'm off to work. Good day CMDR's. o7
Last edited: Oct 5, 2019
Reactions:
simulacrae, Six6VI, Count dEstard and 5 others