GURU-951
Sep 30, 2019
#12,583
On the topic of Gamma Velorum, from my perspective and research.

First off, GV, as suggested above, GV is named Regor.
I had theorized long ago that Jason Ryder's story may be contained in the Argo Navis constellation and Gamma Velorum was the first time I found what to me was proof that it could very well be true. GV is a Wolf Rayet which may be important for this, it's also the only inaccessible star in the entire Argo Navis constellation, in the sail to be exact.
The constellation also has a compass that I personally failed to realize or check, the Pyxis constellation.
In the Dark Wheel Alex's mentor was Rafe and Rafe defines as "Counsel of the Wolf".
It was named Regor by the Apollo 1 pilot Roger Chaffee. Apollo was associated with wolves, in some cases known as the Wolf Slayer. Also associated with guiding children to adulthood (think of the initiation rites of the Dark Wheel), and also was also credited with the invention of stringed music, specifically the lyre. If you recall my theories about the Pink Floyd connections based out of Tau Ceti, well Pink Floyd was hired by the BBC to play music during the Apollo 11 moon landing,
specifically a song called a few names, one being Moon Head. Pretty bad song,
but nonetheless what an experience that must've been for them. Also recall the mysterious Raxxla MKII music pedal.
The derelict scientific mega-ship, The Cete out in Guardian territory had a lead researcher who went nuts and killed the crew and he was looking for something "of real value" and the Guardian homeworld. Well the Latin Valorem defines as Value. But of course this is a small stretch from the Greek Velorum.
Worth noting is that 2 other stars were unofficially renamed by the Apollo 1 crew. Gamma Cassiopeiae (27 Gamma Cassiopeiae in Elite)
and Iota Ursae Majoris (Talitha in Elite).

So something with Apollo and wolves going on there, but what? And what of the other 2 systems named by the crew?

There's always more to say, but in the end, we still find nothing of clear undeniable evidence do we?
Unless of course you have eyes to see.
I guess that's all for now.
o7

edit*
Apollo operated in later times on Merritt Island, and as suggested by the history of Earth in Sol due to climate change the seas had risen and well Florida and Merritt Island would have been sunk (think of the codex's suggestion about the search for Atlantis). The climate and war set the space program back decades according to lore.
There are 15 stations named Merritt.
Also noticed peoples talk a few pages back about Dorado, also suggested by the codex. Well might be worth investigating the 9 systems containing a planet named Gold,
or the one named Goldstein.
Last edited: Oct 1, 2019
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420 and Rochester