Cunder
C
Aug 21, 2022
#26,737
After some time of going through the purpose of why use Trinket of Hidden Fortune and looked into Tyche and Fortuna. Which for my opinion Fortuna fits the Trinket of Hidden Fortune very well.

Not to mention Fortuna has a long history of being involved straight thru medieval times and up to Renaissance. Heck to this very day her name is still brought up but with a different name "Lady Luck".

Back then there were many Aspects of Fortuna

More impressively is that Fortune has correlation The Wheel of Fortune ( Not the game show people but might as well be) also known as Rota Fortunae I came across an interesting information that mentions the celestial sphere. Which by chance looked up this thread and Rochester mention it back in 2021. I read link provided on the celestial sphere. But my information of getting where I am was different cause by chance of what was said on Rota Fortunae. Which my relate to Peoples Journalist Lyta Crane. She may have a small portion info right but the aspect may have been very different which is probably why she was criticized for it. Like for instance the 8th of something but aspect maybe had changed. I'll Qoute the Origin from wiki but you can read the page I link to Rota Fortunae above.

Origins
The origin of the word is from the "wheel of fortune"—the zodiac, referring to the Celestial spheres of which the 8th holds the stars, and the 9th is where the signs of the zodiac are placed. The concept was first invented in Babylon and later developed by the ancient Greeks.

The concept somewhat resembles the Bhavacakra, or Wheel of Becoming, depicted throughout Ancient Indian art and literature, except that the earliest conceptions in the Roman and Greek world involve not a two-dimensional wheel but a three-dimensional sphere, a metaphor for the world. It was widely used in the Ptolemaic perception of the universe as the zodiac being a wheel with its "signs" constantly turning throughout the year and having effect on the world's fate (or fortune).

In the second century BC, the Roman tragedian Pacuvius wrote:

Fortunam insanam esse et caecam et brutam perhibent philosophi,
Saxoque instare in globoso praedicant volubili:
Id quo saxum inpulerit fors, eo cadere Fortunam autumant.
Caecam ob eam rem esse iterant, quia nihil cernat, quo sese adplicet;
Insanam autem esse aiunt, quia atrox, incerta instabilisque sit;
Brutam, quia dignum atque indignum nequeat internoscere.

Philosophers say that Fortune is insane and blind and stupid,
and they teach that she stands on a rolling, spherical rock:
they affirm that, wherever chance pushes that rock, Fortuna falls in that direction.
They repeat that she is blind for this reason: that she does not see where she's heading;
they say she's insane, because she is cruel, flaky and unstable;
stupid, because she can't distinguish between the worthy and the unworthy.

— Pacuvius, Scaenicae Romanorum Poesis Fragmenta. Vol. 1, ed. O. Ribbeck, 1897
The idea of the rolling ball of fortune became a literary topos and was used frequently in declamation. In fact, the Rota Fortunae became a prime example of a trite topos or meme for Tacitus, who mentions its rhetorical overuse in the Dialogus de oratoribus.
In the second century AD, astronomer and astrologer Vettius Valens wrote:

There are many wheels, most moving from west to east, but some move from east to west.
Seven wheels, each hold one heavenly object, the first holds the moon...
Then the eighth wheel holds all the stars that we see...
And the ninth wheel, the wheel of fortunes, moves from east to west,
and includes each of the twelve signs of fortune, the twelve signs of the zodiac.
Each wheel is inside the other, like an onion's peel sits inside another peel, and there is no empty space between them.
Click to expand...
Last edited: Aug 21, 2022
Reactions:
Han_Zen, simulacrae, Jorki Rasalas and 1 other person