Rochester
Aug 21, 2022
#26,739
Cunder said:
After some time of going through the purpose of why use Trinket of Hidden Fortune and looked into Tyche and Fortuna. Which for my opinion Fortuna fits the Trinket of Hidden Fortune very well.

Not to mention Fortuna has a long history of being involved straight thru medieval times and up to Renaissance. Heck to this very day her name is still brought up but with a different name "Lady Luck".

Back then there were many Aspects of Fortuna

More impressively is that Fortune has correlation The Wheel of Fortune ( Not the game show people but might as well be) also known as Rota Fortunae I came across an interesting information that mentions the celestial sphere. Which by chance looked up this thread and Rochester mention it back in 2021. I read link provided on the celestial sphere. But my information of getting where I am was different cause by chance of what was said on Rota Fortunae. Which my relate to Peoples Journalist Lyta Crane. She may have a small portion info right but the aspect may have been very different which is probably why she was criticized for it. Like for instance the 8th of something but aspect maybe had changed. I'll Qoute the Origin from wiki but you can read the page I link to Rota Fortunae above.

Origins
The origin of the word is from the "wheel of fortune"—the zodiac, referring to the Celestial spheres of which the 8th holds the stars, and the 9th is where the signs of the zodiac are placed. The concept was first invented in Babylon and later developed by the ancient Greeks.

The concept somewhat resembles the Bhavacakra, or Wheel of Becoming, depicted throughout Ancient Indian art and literature, except that the earliest conceptions in the Roman and Greek world involve not a two-dimensional wheel but a three-dimensional sphere, a metaphor for the world. It was widely used in the Ptolemaic perception of the universe as the zodiac being a wheel with its "signs" constantly turning throughout the year and having effect on the world's fate (or fortune).
Click to expand...
Excellent work.

The wheel of fortune certainly arose within my own studies of the celestial spheres, but not through researching ‘Trinkets of hidden fortune’.

I generally omitted the reference of fortune as although it is illustrated as a wheel. The wheel of the zodiac, it has any number of spokes, although a number of illustrations do depict it with the same number of spokes as in the codex, yet I thought the reference at that point too ethereal.

Both Fortuna and Tyche are in game systems and relatively close to Sol, cross referencing these they do fall within my ‘Yggdrasil sphere of influence’ however I can’t see any correlation to date.

I seem to recall there might be a persistent crash site there, but it’s been a while…

Nevertheless a good assessment and worth looking into, I’ll update my findings to include them.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9856307
Last edited: Aug 24, 2022