Mattius101
Sep 16, 2020
#18,919
Garand1987 said:
Maybe. Can’t discount anything I suppose. I think the halos seems there just as flavor for the map personally.
as for MB’s comments about it being a little bit obvious so you’d know where to start and that “there would be no clues” which he said hesitantly, there’s nothing really that is obvious currently. Only thing that comes to mind for me is the original Dark Wheel missions from SD that seemed to hint pretty heavily that the end game of them was to search out raxxla and there would be info to go off of from these data crystals etc they were having you gather that held coordnance of some kind.
I think what happened there is FD was surprised by the interest in raxxla and the speed at which players were going at those missions so they removed them and probably scrapped that line. Replacing it with the DW in SD was shut down by the Real DW (per far seers claim) and that they’re keeping it intentionally near impossible to find until they get the games tech up to snuff with what they want it to be capable of to have raxxla be a real big deal and not a beige moon like it would have been at the games release.

I’d bet dollars to donuts that when Odyssey releases Col 70 and Horse Head dark region will finally be open again. They shut that down too when people started finding things they didn’t want them to yet and it was closed off about 2018. Same time they stared development on odyssey. Hopefully the new expansion will bring with it new opprotinities to find info.
Until then i guess I’ll keep my tinfoil on and we’ll investigate all possibilities no matter what they are anything could be connected since we don’t know of anything that is yet.
Click to expand...
Thing is though there has been clues. The codex entries are clues, DB comments are clues "we dont know what it is" etc.

Personally I hope it isn't in the game as it stands now, I couldn't imagine anything as anti climactic as it being a earth like with some lights on the back of it.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420