Jorki Rasalas
Sep 15, 2020
#18,909
Garand1987 said:
Speculation of course, as everything is with Raxxla really, but I’ve been under the impression that finding the real Dark Wheel may be helpful to the Raxxla mystery.
we know TDW hates the club, the club sent out the Zurara to be a way point for their operation. And we have Delphi now which timing would indicate is connected to the added things in the Codex. on the Zurara the recordings from Rebecca states there are 2 other ships in 2 other sectors like the zurara, and to my knowledge they’ve never been found.
Assuming that Delphi is the “center” and since it’s controlled by Sirius Inc, whom we know are connected to the club, perhaps the zurara is an “eagle” sent out to be a waypoint to the “center”, Delphi in this case.
I asked DW on his Twitter, since he was in the know on the zurara, if he was of the opinion (not asking directly since I figure there’s likely an NDA on info) that the two other ships mentioned by Rebecca in the zuraras logs were actually in game, and perhaps they were triangulated around Delphi as the center, or maybe one was just directly opposite the zurara.
he did read the question since he put a like on both comments it took to ask it, but said nothing in response, which is kinda odd for DW usually he says at least a little something to posts.
could read into it that “yeah maybe but I can’t say anything”. Or could always be a nada as things tend to be with Raxxla. Just figured I’d share for anyone interested in that.
It’s easy to reverse triangulate given we have 2 points to work off of, however the triangle can be “spun” a bit within the thickness of the galactic plane. But it gives a search area anyway. If that is the case a second find would then pinpoint the location of the third.
perhaps we’ll get some interest from TDW if all 3 are found.
Click to expand...

You’re getting a bit confused. Rebecca was not on Zurara, nobody survived from that ship. It seems likely that (according to the FRift base’s ELINT intercept logs) Rebecca was the female Cobra pilot who returned to her mothership to find it destroyed & headed for a nearby ELW; we have no information as to how she managed to return from there to the bubble. The Dynasty plot involved settlements (and, supposedly, terraforming activities and dropping beacons to mark ELW though we found no such traces) in three separate areas of space: Formidine Rift, Hawking’s Gap and Conflux. If there are two other megaships like Zurara they would therefore be in the Gap and Conflux. TDW were interested in uncovering and making public the details of the Club’s Dynasty plot, which Salomé did. Can’t see that finding any other parts of Dynasty would spark TDW into a response, it’s OBE.

The obvious way to spark their interest is to solve the Codex Toast.
Reactions:
Fiera, Dr. Lexus, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 1 other person