selbie
Jul 14, 2024
#34,503
The current Rhea disaster news has piqued my interest somewhat.
Rhea's final child Zeus (6th child) was rescued by using a stone - the omphalos, wrapped in swaddling clothes, to trick her brother Cronus.
The sixth titan to arrive was named Thor, so perhaps we'll see if this titan is destined to survive as part of the game narrative

Futher to that, Rhea kept Zeus concealed in a cave at Mount Ida.
Interestingly there is an Ida Dhor system. The word Dhor has sanskrit origins with inherited meaning from "to hold, to keep", and can mean "catch" or "begin / start".
Might be worth checking out as a theoretical starting point of some kind.

It also seems oddly coincidental that Felicia Winters, amid the time of the Thargoid "titanomachia", is orchestrating a rescue effort for her people - blatantly ignoring her presidency for the sake of being a mother-like figure to her 'children'. If the lore is somewhat following themes of the mythology, then perhaps the Thargoids we are fighting are a possessive entity akin to Cronus attempting to consume his children to prevent his own prophesised fall from power - which would explain the kidnapping of humans. So even though there isn't a direct relationship between Felicia's rescue effort and Thargoids, there seems to be a common mythological thread to it.

It could also step into MB's Lovecraftian cosmic horror territory with the Great Old Ones. The thargoids could be like the Outer Gods who exist to protect a more ancient unfathomable entity. So it would then position them separate to the 'Empyrean' and 'Underworld' realms which fits with the theme of Lost / Otherworlds, and the Dreamlands - a parallel dimension you can enter via dreams. So possibly Jasmina's encounter with beings in her vision (ie. those which the Thargoids protect) could potentially link her narrative with the Otherworld Realms and thus the Thargoids form part of it.

Jumping back to the Rhea / Cronus / Zeus arc - Zeus used a substance given by Gaia to force Cronus to expel in reverse of what he has consumed - the omphalos and his imprisoned siblings. Assuming the wiki description is correct, the first was the Omphalos stone (to act as "a sign, and a marvel to mortal men"), then his two brothers Hades and Poseidon, then three sisters Hera, Hestia and Demeter. Then he frees the cyclopses Brontes, Steropes, and Arges who forge his thunderbolt.

Another thought flowing on from this is that Humanity may be symbolic of Zeus overthrowing Cronus and the Titans.
There are the mythological 'Hundred-Handers' who aided Zeus against the Titans and in one instance of the myth Zeus restored their strength by feeding them nectar and ambrosia, and then asked the Hundred-Handers to "manifest your great strength and your untouchable hands".
What if ED's equivalent is the Engineers? We genuinely depend on them and feed them materials to forge new weaponry in a literal Titan War.
Similarly, there is an account of Zeus hiding from Cronus by taking the form of a snake (and his two nurses as bears). Humans fly serpent-named ships - Asp, Anaconda, Mamba, Cobra, Python, etc. this could also explain why Thargoids were "searching" our ships - as shown by their UA encoded transmissions.

This leads me to a theory relating to the Raxxla logo. If the stone / rift is the centre as its namesake implies, and the 6 outer shapes are the 6 children of Rhea, then perhaps we are being shown abstracted components which, when pieced together in a sequence of stages, point us to the final goal?

Central Dot:
The stone representative of Raxxla just as the codex alludes to.
3 Lines:
These could be the 3 'realms' that have been identified - Empyrean, Underworld, and Lost / Otherworld. These realms could also symbolise the 3 cyclopses who forge Zeus' weapon - ie. humanity as a symbolic weapon.
33 Dashes:
The omphalos was surrounded / wrapped with something in order to disguise it. The first thing that comes to my mind are the Generation Ships figuratively "surrounding" the early lore of humanity - what if there are potentially 33 in total to be discovered?
Alternately the number of dashes are not relevant and it acts as a division between the 'outer' and 'inner' elements.
6 Segments:
If these are the 6 children of Rhea, could the aspects these gods represent align with themes of something in lore such as the Generation Ship stories?
Hera - marriage, women, and family, protector of women during childbirth.
Hestia - hearth and home.
Hades - death, guardian of the underworld (ie. the neutral, non-evil interpretation).
Poseidon - sea, storms, earthquakes and horses / springs - typically protector of voyages.
Demeter - harvest, agriculture, crops, grains, food, and the fertility of the earth.
Zeus - thunder, lightning, authority / judgement.

This is all wildly speculative of course, but logically there has to be some kind of structural relationship to a puzzle that pins down each element. If we can find elements like this as a clear puzzle piece it would be a sign we are onto something.
Reactions:
simulacrae, Naaman Aram, Han_Zen and 1 other person