Rochester
Jul 14, 2024
#34,504
Rochester said:
A Faery Orchestra

‘There is a tale told in the Lewis of how two young men chanced to be passing a faery knoll at the witching hour, when the knoll suddenly opened and emitted a green light. For a moment the men stood in astonishment, not knowing what had befallen them, until they realised that they were listening to a faery orchestra secreted in the very interior of the knoll. So overcome was one of them by the strains of faery music—he himself being a fiddler of sorts—that he straightway forsook his companion, and made for the green light.

No sooner had the passing fiddler been admitted to the company of the faeries than the knoll closed. And so enchanted was he by the music of the faery orchestra, and he himself contributing his part with a fiddle the faeries had lent him, that he eventually returned to his people in the belief that he had been absent but a few hours, whereas he actually had been away a year and a day. So well did he play his fiddle thereafter that no one dared disbelieve his story that he had performed with a faery orchestra.

Music equally enthralling was once heard by a Skye-man in the Braes of Portree, when passing the hillock known to the Gaelic-speaking natives by a name signifying Faery Knowe of the

And, then, delightful pipe-music has been heard issuing from underneath the Dun of Caolis, at the eastern end of Tiree; and the old folks of Tiree used to say that to this music they often heard the marching of many feet under- ground’.



Knowe (plural knowes) (chiefly Scotland and Ulster) means a small hill; a knoll.
Click to expand...

Here’s another iteration of this same story, but via another source:

‘Several places in Skye are noted as haunts of the fairy folk: Fairy Bridge on the way to Dunvegan; a fairy knowe close by the inn at Broadford; Dun Gharsainn overlooking the head of Loch Beag at Totardair, in Struan; the Sithein (fairy dwelling) of the Pretty Hill at Braes, from which sounds of ravishing music have been heard’. The Misty Idle of Sky by J.A Mac Culloch p1905.

So from this source more context might be available about this descriptive term from Scotland. In that it very likely is just a singular localism, and not a term used in the wider mythology of fairy, but instead describes a local hill (next to a Knowe) which just so happens to be ‘attractive’.

From this my hypothesis about missing Beaumont system being linked to the Aos Si, is probably resolved as highly unlikely.
Last edited: Jul 15, 2024