Suhurrat
S
Jul 22, 2024
#34,516
Array Delta 69
Strange signal. People disappeared
27,8863 / -35,5144 0'9g
Gravitational field 0,1 G around 10km.

Col 285 Sector BG-O d6-93

Find the spot with 0,1g and listen.

Go to 7 Pleiades sisters. Go to their parents.
First one is Alcyone -82.9375 / -156.78125 / -362.09375
Second one is Atlas 8.1875 / 26.71875 / -6.0625 Charick Drift scan for Atlas generational ship.

next step already is in your mind - Electra controlled by the Hive collective. Anti Xeno initiative.
You know the drill. Next step is Maia - with obsidian orbital - first settelment established outside core.
Next one is Merope. - first goid barnacle. You see the pattern.
Next is Pleione. Not the system. But the generational ship. They all disappeared from ship. Where? Same pattern as Array Delta.

The Pleiades are the daughters of Atlanta and Pleione. Its poetic.
Poetry? Let me collect the numbers.

Oh, yeah, I'm already losing my mind. But i see from where is it coming.

A Lover's Complaint - also know as lover's woe. Thanks shakespeare.

Going to Merope back. In the myth of Orion's pursuit of the Pleiades, it is implied that Merope was the pigeon that perished time after time between the Plancts, and was revived by Zeus. Stop wait for a moment. What is a Plancts?

Planktos - in Greek mythology, floating rocks, misleading, were a serious obstacle to ships

Seven pigeons were supposed to fly through the Planktas every day. The Pleiades were turned into them to deliver ambrosia to Zeus. Six managed to fly, but the seventh one died, and Zeus replaced it with a new one (variant - revived it).

What? Log entry? Game? Section PR5 row 2 seats 5 and 6. Pleiades Region 5. Merope is a fifth. Row 2 is a second planet. Dead centre? Pole probably. Whitch one?

Ohhhhhh okay... where is it? Where to look? I see.

So. Homer's epic Odyssey mentions the Wandering Rocks, which are described in Circe's story to Odysseus. According to this narrative, the rocks smash ships and the remaining parts of the ships are scattered across the sea or exposed to fire. These rocks are on one of the potential routes leading to the island of Ithaca.

Praea Euq QDC b54-0 (Plantae (The Wandering Rock))

Wait? So...we return to homer's odyssey?

The similarities and differences between the Wandering Rocks and the Symplegades has been much debated by scholars, as have potential locations for them. (See also Geography of the Odyssey.) As Scylla and Charybdis have often been located in the Straits of Messina, this has led some (like E. V. Rieu) to suggest the Wandering Rocks were located around Sicily, with their flames and smoke coming from Mount Etna. An alternative theory of the geography of the Odyssey places Circe, the Sirens, Scylla & Charybdis and the Wandering Rocks, all mentioned in the stories of both Jason and Odysseus, in northwest Greece.

To the whisperer in witch-space, the siren of the deepest void

Odysseus and his crew cross the ocean and reach a harbor at the western edge of the world, where Odysseus sacrifices to the dead and summons the spirit of the old prophet Tiresias for advice. Next Odysseus meets the spirit of his own mother, who had died of grief during his long absence. From her, he learns for the first time news of his own household, threatened by the greed of Penelope's suitors. Odysseus also talks to his fallen war comrades and the mortal shade of Heracles.
The parent's grief
Odysseus and his men return to Circe's island, and she advises them on the remaining stages of the journey. They skirt the land of the Sirens, pass between the six-headed monster Scylla and the whirlpool Charybdis, where they row directly between the two. However, Scylla drags the boat towards her by grabbing the oars and eats six men.
Alright let's check. There is crash site poi on Scylla D3.
They land on the island of Thrinacia. There, Odysseus' men ignore the warnings of Tiresias and Circe and hunt down the sacred cattle of the sun god Helios. Helios tells Zeus what happened and demands Odysseus' men be punished or else he will take the sun and shine it in the Underworld. Zeus fulfills Helios' demands by causing a shipwreck during a thunderstorm in which all but Odysseus drown. He washes ashore on the island of Ogygia, where Calypso compels him to remain as her lover for seven years. He finally escapes when Hermes tells Calypso to release Odysseus.
the lover's woe
Odysseus is shipwrecked and befriended by the Phaeacians. After he tells them his story, the Phaeacians, led by King Alcinous, agree to help Odysseus get home. They deliver him at night, while he is fast asleep, to a hidden harbor on Ithaca. He finds his way to the hut of one of his own former slaves, the swineherd Eumaeus, and also meets up with Telemachus returning from Sparta. Athena disguises Odysseus as a wandering beggar to learn how things stand in his household.

Oh i see there.
pass between the six-headed monster Scylla and the whirlpool Charybdis, where they row directly between the two
However, Scylla drags the boat towards her by grabbing the oars and eats six men
Odysseus is shipwrecked and befriended by the Phaeacians
So we need the space between Scylla and Charybdis.

The sea monster Charybdis was believed to live under a small rock on one side of a narrow channel. Opposite her was Scylla, another sea monster, who lived inside a much larger rock.[1] The sides of the strait were within an arrow-shot of each other, and sailors attempting to avoid one of them would come in reach of the other. To be "between Scylla and Charybdis" therefore means to be presented with two opposite dangers, the task being to find a route that avoids both. Three times a day, Charybdis swallowed a huge amount of water, before belching it back out again, creating large whirlpools capable of dragging a ship underwater. In some variations of the story, Charybdis was simply a large whirlpool instead of a sea monster.

Through the descriptions of Greek mythical chroniclers and Greek historians such as Thucydides, modern scholars generally agree that Charybdis was said to have been located in the Strait of Messina, off the coast of Sicily and opposite a rock on the mainland identified with Scylla.[2] A whirlpool does exist there, caused by currents meeting, but it is dangerous only to small craft in extreme conditions.
Click to expand...
We have Scylla. But where is Charybdis?




MADNESS AND GHOSTS 3/5
Comms Log 908.7.34

I’ve done it. I’ve managed to decrypt the signal and identify the source. But it’s even more confusing than I thought. The signal originates from an uninhabited planet we passed 15 light years ago. Who sent it and how it managed to infect the comms array I have no idea.

I know what everyone might think. that I'm a lunatic. But there's too much interconnectedness. Signals out of nowhere. Gravitational anomalies. People going crazy or disappearing without a trace. Plus it all too well lays down the story of the toast and the odyssey.
Reactions:
simulacrae