Rochester
Jul 15, 2024
#34,507
Those with eyes to see - the beautiful mountain

Reminiscing about subterranean kingdoms and mountains, in relation to the reference in the book Elite Legacy to the Beaumont system; I was reminded of the presence in game of the Orbis Starport ‘Tannhauser Gate’.

It is located in the system Aztlan, a mythological Aztec location, in game situated in the Lost Realms zone, technically an area in game we can now positively identify as an underworld.

Aztlan is likewise linked to another mythological location called Chicomoztoc (seven; caves; place) the mythological origin of the Aztec peoples, as is the mountain of Calhuacan, all in game and inside the Lost Realms zone!

In the opera of Tannhäuser, said knight journeys to the subterranean location of Venusberg, translatable out of the Latin to: mons veneris and into English as "mountain" or "hill of Venus" or the ‘Mountain of Venus’.

The story is actually rendered in various legends and epics since the Middle Ages, and essentially talks of travelling to the home of the fairy queen who dwells in the Otherworld.

I am drawn to this concept due to Brookes description of the ‘Beautiful Mountain’ the Beaumont system from ‘Legacy’. Might the codex be referring to the ‘mountain of Venus’, via the hypothetical link to Legacy, by that texts description of the children’s story, and again the use of the phrase ‘those with eyes to sea’. Is that a nod towards the Bladerunner link?

Those with eyes to see - Roy Batty saw Tannhauser Gate?

I am however a little suspicious because firstly this is only an academic presumption, secondly within the opera such naming was more a euphemism of erotic nomenclature, as Tannhäuser resided in erotic pleasure, for at least a year. The operas libretto is full of puns about being "in" or "penetrating" the hill of Venus (another Latin description is mound of Venus eg pubis) this is further complemented as the story was also utilised for the inspiration for Castle Anthrax

Nevertheless the opera is only one interpretation of the story, albeit probably the most famous; of a journey to the Otherworld, in other sources the essence is very similar especially themes occurring in Celtic lore, of persons travelling over a dimensional threshold or portal, being held hostage by force or choice by some magical super-beings, with exceptional beauty, and of experiencing time dilation for several years!

Again it’s always made me think of the parallels in game, to the story of Star Ship One. Which I still hold, is a reference to a journey to the Empyrean and or Otherworld.

But these don’t all involve Venus, who equally could be any other interpretation of various pagan deities, likewise the mythological mountain name appears multiple times throughout Europe, one can be attributed to Sybil in Italy.

There is no system thus named in game, however there is a ‘Sibil’, which is one jump away?

I speculate the reference in game to Tannhauser Gate, although evidently an obvious Easter egg, may equally go beyond a simple homage to Bladerunner.

If the interpretation of the reference in Legacy of Beaumont is correct, it might simply be advocating we look for a mountain in the underworld, or said mountain is actually metaphorical and the emphasis is simply to draw attention upon a location below the underworld?

The Lost Realm zone is interesting because certain systems which ought to have close relative links are seemingly separated (not distant), I wonder if this is intentional and the concept is to draw ones attention to a specific area below this zone?

Those with eyes to see - The Journey to the pagan underworld to the fairy kingdom
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10342908

Curious Myths of the Middle Ages
Sabine Baring-Gould, p1897, page 209
https://g.co/kgs/rFKELw4

Curious Myths of the Middle Ages
The wandering Jew.-Prester John.-The divining rod.-The seven sleepers of Ephesus.-William Tell.-The dog Gellert.-Tailed men.-Antichrist and Pope Jaon.-The man in the moon.-The mountain of Venus.-S. Patrick's purgatory.-The terrestrial paradise.-S. George.-S. Ursula and the eleven thousand...
books.google.co.uk
Last edited: Jul 25, 2024
Reactions:
selbie, simulacrae and Naaman Aram