simulacrae
Jul 21, 2024
#34,510
Ok so this is what ive put together looking subjectively at Name Types for systems within the bubble. Essentially following what @Rochester has been doing.



Notes:
I started by identifying what I considered to be themes and looked for type lists on google and tried hunting for systems that way as well as searching areas and trying to identify named systems that fell into my perceived categories. This of course is highly subjective - I was shooting for atleast 100 systems to work with and currently have 101 in this map. Also I did include system names with slightly off kilter spellings or misspellings. The categories are as follows:

Axis: I lumped anything that was generically relative to a celestial axis in this category (as i already have several other categories that could be considered tied to an axis)

SPOILER: AXIS SYSTEMS


Fate: Specifically I was looking for anything related to Fortuna Fate - Gods Goddesses associated with Fate

SPOILER: FATE SYSTEMS


Nature: This is a bit of a catchall for "The Goddess" as she is considered these days... So Nature, Mother Goddess, Fertility... etc. And yes the two end ones on the list are related - Sheela na gig I think is more of a fertility portal thing than a dragon.

SPOILER: NATURE SYSTEMS


Snake: This category kind of straddles both Axis and Nature - I looked for World Snake type names as well as general Snake/Dragon monsters... often associated with mother nature
SPOILER: SNAKE SYSTEMS


Storm: Just seemed that Storm Gods might show something as their own category.

SPOILER: STORM SYSTEMS


Underworld: Well this is probably the most obvious group as its been noticed from early on - and this area combined with the Upperworld and Utopia systems might be the tightest bunching of related systems. I looked at Gods associated with underworld as well as names of Underworld "places"...
SPOILER: UNDERWORLD SYSTEMS


Upperwold: Was expecting more of these and also further away from the Underworld. Used Gods associated with Heaven and names for "heavenly" realms

SPOILER: UPPERWORLD SYSTEMS


Utopias: The idea of utopias at the edges of the known world is an interesting subject (well for me atleast). I used names for places that werent places... the otherworld, places of dreamed riches... etc... similar to the Lost Worlds that Rochester is using i think. To be honest the whole section of Hells, Heavens and Utopias could be tossed into a larger category of imaganied realities. It is these areas that seem to be most condensed - and suspicious...

SPOILER: UTOPIA SYSTEMS



Oh and here is a 3d flythrough I put together:

Source: https://youtu.be/be_dpO9PvaU
Reactions:
Darrack, Han_Zen, Macros Black and 5 others