Rochester
Jul 22, 2024
#34,518
simulacrae said:
Fellow lunatic here - I like the Odyssey slant, been looking at Dantes Inferno - there is a section about Odysseus's "Last Journey"

SPOILER: ODYSSEUS







































































His wanderlust drives him to go once more on the sea – searching past the pillars of Heracles – past the edge of the Earth in a quest to find Knowledge… the tree of Knowledge. His Goal would be Eden. In the West … as the World is East of Eden.... the Distant Mountain i think...
Yes, where as Milton placed hell, etc within a wider cosmology, Dante utilised a mountain Purgatorio, created from Lucifer’s fall, with paradise at its top and hell below its base via a conical inverted mountain.

Spacial directions differ in each text. Milton uses a form of 3 dimensional direction in space outside of time. Firstly Heaven and Hell exist in direct opposition, with Hell to the South, and Eden to the East. The compass point denote the viewpoint of God, not our world, where as with Dante the whole text is actually planet bound and is in real-time.

Purgatory was located on the earth in the watery southern hemisphere, at a location diametrically opposite that of Jerusalem (forming an axis), souls travelled to the mountain via an angelic boat from the mouth of the Tiber.

In Dante’s text this mountain Purgatorio had a spiralling path denoting terraces attributable to various vices, in order: Pride, Envy, Wrath, Sloth, ‘Avarice and Prodigality’, Gluttony and Lust.

Of interest in game is that the mountains top was noted as a point where the river Lethe (in game) was located, within the Earthly Paradise of Eden.

Above the mountain were the spheres of the heavens represented by the classical planets. The protagonist moves from the earth, down to hell then up to paradise then up into the sky and space via the planets (metaphorically).

Milton separated Hell from the spheres and the planet Earth. Hell existed at the base of a void - the mother of creation called Chaos a universe outside our own. Heaven was far above it, in direct opposition, with the spheres hanging from its East wall in a solid ball.

Satan was pushed out of heaven during the war, by the north wall before earth was even made. Fell through Chaos to the realm of Hell an enclosed land of fire and ice. He then journeyed south over land sea and air to Hells gates, then up through Chaos, got directions, found heaven, then set foot on the sphere, walked around a lot - lost. Then found heaven’s staircase and then flew down through an opening down into our universe.

He passed various other solar systems, then found ours, then stood on the Sun and got directions before landing on earth…he also had a bridge built during his travels, linking Earth Hell and Heaven together!

Both texts are great examples of highly detailed fictional realities which interpret and reshape classical elements to map out their respective areas. Likewise they are separate and totally different universes that don’t correlate.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-10380541
Last edited: Aug 24, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae