selbie
Jul 19, 2024
#34,508
Rochester said:
If the interpretation of the reference in Legacy is correct, is might simply be advocating we look for a mountain in the underworld, or said mountain is actually metaphorical and the emphasis is simply to draw attention upon a location below the underworld?
I was having the same train of thought when I was thinking through the Rhea / Zeus theorycrafting.
The codex draws specific attention to mythical lost worlds - Atlantis, El Dorado, and the kingdom of Prester John.
The systems referred to in Legacy are all in the game except for Beaumont - which means it has been lost in some way, either missed in implementation through lack of relevance to the mystery, OR, there was a deliberate omission of this system as a means to highlight its absence. To have Beaumont exist in game would probably make the solution too easy, or lead us to a red herring and its true purpose lost in translation.
If deliberate omission is the case, then the name is certainly symbolic, and perhaps there is a common theme amongst the 3 codex myths.

Achenar is the symbolic home of the Empire and their seat of power, and Beaumont is claimed in Legacy to be "a frontier world far below". So in the absence of a Beaumont system in the literal spatial direction below, then perhaps it is in a political or ideological sense.

Beaumont had an insurrection occur in 3294 - only 16 or so years ago from present day ED.
The prison was for penal slaves - different to the Empire's "normal" bonded slavery. So the inhabitants being viewed as criminal / vagabond-like reinforces the theme of "below". Further to this, the definition of insurrection is the act of rising up against an established authority.
Instead of seeing Beaumont as symbolic of the Underworld, another lens to apply would be within the mountain - in other words, the meaning within.

Lost lands are used as a metaphor for something no longer attainable - something that cannot be accessed and thus the lesson is to look within yourself. If Beaumont cannot be 'found', then the only other logical path is to look within something. Beaumont existed at some point in the past according to Hammer in Legacy, so:
What if this is a riddle telling us to look within time / history.
In Legacy, Hammer stated "in a past life I was a bit of a history buff." - is this a clue to look to historical aspects? just like how Julia was looking for historical events to overcome the Laphrian Navy.

This led me to chew on some speculation:
Alioth was a point of revolt against the two established powers, thus forming the Alliance - a co-operative body formed by independent systems wishing to exist outside the two powers.
The Old Worlds were the historic hub of the Alliance. - an aspect of time.
Among the obvious Golden Gate, Witness Odysseus, and Rock metaphors, there is also Irkutsk station. The real world Russian city where many were sent into exile for their part in the Decembrist revolt of 1825.
Alioth is also home to Argent's Claim. Named after the co-founder of the Alliance, Meredith led a coup against the empire's genetic correction programme. - argent is a 'tincture of silver' in heraldry and akin to white / 'white metal', and poetically associated with jewels, heavenly bodies, and innocence.
The system is also home to Wicca's World - home to the Dreamware recording company, and the word Wicca likely refers to the modern pagan witch-craft religion.
Then you have Bifrost - the rainbow bridge between worlds. - akin to the bridge between Empyrean and Underworld through Chaos / Other Space.
Garden City, on Turner's World is the capital of the Alliance. - potentially a focus of the Milton Gardens?? - one design might point to Atlantis symbolism, and the Milton Garden design could deal with the Limbo of Vanity - a paradise that is a simulacrum of the 'real' paradise.
The Alliance is notable for its Festival of Culture. During the festival, a reviewer noted the ballet 'Bones of Dreams'.
The Winking Cat thief narrative involved stolen art, and giving clues for a treasure hunt. - during the festival, the artpiece 'Penance Street' was secretly returned. - the repentence of sin, and 'street' implying a road/path to redemption.
The Starship One narrative led to Halsey associating herself with Mahon and Alliance diplomacy. - if the Alliance represents this aforementioned Lost World aspect, then it fits again with the old god / outer god relationship. - also, Aegis was formed in a cooperative effort to research the thargoids, and their HQ was originally Donar's Oak in Delphi.
Last edited: Jul 19, 2024
Reactions:
simulacrae, Naaman Aram and Rochester