Jorki Rasalas
Sep 10, 2020
#18,773
Emperor said:
Deneb is mentioned many times in the book, most interesting/relevant ones from my initial searching for you...

"The star Deneb (alpha Cygni, shown as Cygnus Į) marks the ‘birth exit’ of the Sun to the left."

SPOILER: DENEB



This one I found most interesting.... (but may still be a little too long for Jorki! )


Short version for Jorki (The last bullet point being the most interesting)

Two observations on the final bullet point...

Just a thought
Click to expand...

Mmm, no I can’t buy into this book. I think if Greek mythology is the key then we have to go back to the original sources, not a recent interpretation of what the author thinks is symbolically relevant. So I’d got all the last bullet points but I never bought into Delphi being relevant, it’s too far from the bubble. First reference to the Raxxla myth is from Tau Ceti, around the time Achenar was settled by an expedition, so that should define the maximum range from Sol.

I suspect FDev have been hinting all along about Homer’s Odyssey- a “personal journey” & now explicitly calling the next release Elite Odyssey. So we should go back to Greek myths & Homer’s Odyssey if the toast clues are related. I’ve got a set of satisfactory answers for the Jewel, Whisperer, Siren, & Vagabonds Hearts but am not satisfied at present with the possibilities for Parent’s Grief & Lover’s Woe. Someone pointed out that Odysseus met his mother Anticlea (in-game) in the Underworld; however then the “clue” should read “Grieving Parent”. Instead “Parent’s Grief” implies the source of the grief; the only satisfactory solution for that is “death of a child”, but can’t find a corresponding solution in myth/Odyssey. Similarly “Lover’s Woe” should be abandonment/separation/broken heart/heartache but I can’t find a satisfactory solution for that either; I need a Greek speaker! My hypothesis is that these “clues” from the toast represent in-game systems and this is the personal journey we need to take.
Reactions:
RaNaketh, Rochester, Hanerib and 3 others