Emperor
Sep 9, 2020
#18,769
Han_Zen said:
Well this clearly puts Alcyone / Pleiades in Ithaka. From my old notes I see I have Scheria in NPS Polaris / Thuban. This was confirmed in this text.
I also have Deneb (Alpha Cygni) as the white rock at the entrance of the underworld. Can you confirm this?

Deneb is mentioned many times in the book, most interesting/relevant ones from my initial searching for you...

"The star Deneb (alpha Cygni, shown as Cygnus Į) marks the ‘birth exit’ of the Sun to the left."

SPOILER: DENEB

SPOILER: THE WHITE ROCK

SPOILER: DENEB - ROCK OF HEAVEN

This one I found most interesting.... (but may still be a little too long for Jorki! )

SPOILER: THE STONE....

Short version for Jorki (The last bullet point being the most interesting)

Kronos inflicted a cruel fate on his own offspring by Rhea, gulping them down soon after birth to prevent the usurping of his role
When she was about to deliver great Zeus, the goddess fled to Crete and delivered the babe in a cave.
Leaving the baby in a cave under Mount Aegaeum, Rhea carried to the mighty Kronos, “a great stone” wrapped in swaddling clothes, which he duly “thrust down”.
The most revealing sequel to this story, as told in Theogony, lines 500- 503, describes the eventual fate of the regurgitated stone: “And Zeus set it fast in the wide-pathed Earth at goodly Pytho under the glens of Parnassus, to be a sign thenceforth and a marvel to mortal men.”
Hesiod does not tell his reader the source of the stone; it may be Cretan or it may be imagined as part of the fabric of Mount Olympos or even the stony vault of the sky, but it appears to end its days as the omphalos stone of the oracular site at Delphi at the foot of the double-peaked mountain, Parnassos.
The tale at its simplest relates that a stone once placed in the stomach (‘navel-place’) of a god is brought down below and positioned on the Earth but above a chasm into the world below. Initially it was to be a sign and great marvel, but ultimately (as history finally tells) it was to act as marker to the centre of the Earth. Once the knowledge that Delphi was founded below a split mountain of two ‘arms’ is factored into the equation, the unavoidable fact emerges that after the omphalos stone was taken from the sky’s centre, its ‘belly’, it found a new home in a ‘cleft’ which so resembles the Dark Rift between the arms of the Milky Way.
Two observations on the final bullet point...
Firstly, the "skies centre" - I hadn't specifically linked the omphalos to the sky (essentially the universe in Greek times!) and assumed like everyone else Delphi and the earth (although I have been bugged by various pole stars, hence visiting them as I discover past or future ones).
Secondly, "the Dark Rift between the arms of the Milky Way"... would that then be the "Omphalos Rift" then?

Just a thought
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, Han_Zen, Rochester and 3 others