Han_Zen
Sep 10, 2020
#18,774
Jorki Rasalas said:
Mmm, no I can’t buy into this book. I think if Greek mythology is the key then we have to go back to the original sources, not a recent interpretation of what the author thinks is symbolically relevant. So I’d got all the last bullet points but I never bought into Delphi being relevant, it’s too far from the bubble. First reference to the Raxxla myth is from Tau Ceti, around the time Achenar was settled by an expedition, so that should define the maximum range from Sol.

I suspect FDev have been hinting all along about Homer’s Odyssey- a “personal journey” & now explicitly calling the next release Elite Odyssey. So we should go back to Greek myths & Homer’s Odyssey if the toast clues are related. I’ve got a set of satisfactory answers for the Jewel, Whisperer, Siren, & Vagabonds Hearts but am not satisfied at present with the possibilities for Parent’s Grief & Lover’s Woe. Someone pointed out that Odysseus met his mother Anticlea (in-game) in the Underworld; however then the “clue” should read “Grieving Parent”. Instead “Parent’s Grief” implies the source of the grief; the only satisfactory solution for that is “death of a child”, but can’t find a corresponding solution in myth/Odyssey. Similarly “Lover’s Woe” should be abandonment/separation/broken heart/heartache but I can’t find a satisfactory solution for that either; I need a Greek speaker! My hypothesis is that these “clues” from the toast represent in-game systems and this is the personal journey we need to take.
Click to expand...
I wouldn't let the early date of the first Raxxla quote limit anything. It just means that the myth was in circulation. It does not mean that anyone had found it.

I don't expect the toast to be a complete guide for the Journey either. It is the toast of the Dark Wheel. They haven't found Raxxla, so they probably only have a part of the answer.

Interpretations in books are relevant to the degree that we can expect FD to have used external documentation, when creating the mystery. Interpretations that are generally accepted are therefor more likely to be relevant, than claims that are specific to a singular source.

There is always the slim chance that someone stumbles across a book that is the real 'Princess Astrophel and the spiralling stars', but I'm not sure there is one at all.
Reactions:
Fiera, Rochester, simulacrae and 4 others