Thatchinho
Jan 11, 2019
#5,104
CMDRGURU951 said:
Random thoughts and ideas of GURU-951-

According to the codex the first mention of Raxxla was in 2296. That's just sixteen years after the Non-Human relic was found on Mars. It was no bigger than a child's hand. No other info has ever been given about it besides the date and the size.
The omphalos was a stone. Slightly bigger than a child's hand, but a stone nonetheless.
Most accounts locate the Delphi omphalos in the adyton (sacred part of the temple) near the Pythia (oracle).
Omphalos is also the name of the stone given to Cronus.
There is one landable body that The Oracle station orbits in delphi, but no stations, outposts, or otherwise on the landable.


The Almagest system is controlled by Sirius. It is one of the closest fully functional systems to Polaris. In fact, Sirius controls Sothis, Ceos, Robigo and Almagest, which are all some the closest fully functioning systems to Polaris.
At one point about 2 years ago and when it came back the data of the system had completely changed.
" is a 2nd-century Greek-language mathematical and astronomical treatise on the apparent motions of the stars and planetary paths, written by Claudius Ptolemy (c. AD 100 – c. 170). One of the most influential scientific texts of all time"

Permit locked system is less than 20 Ly from Sol. To get the permit you need to get allied with The Sublime order of Van Maanen's Star in Tau Ceti which is controlled by them and also happens to be the first system we made a successful hyperdrive jump to from Earth.
The system description states: This system was given to the Guardians of the Free Spirit religious sect by the Federation in 2480. They believe in maximum hardship and live underground on several of the inner planets of the system. It is forbidden by Federal Law to enter the system without the permission of .
Could these be the Exiled monk type Guardians? if so, are we giving them a place to live in safety?

In the codex they mention Princess Astrophel and the Spiraling Stars. NGC 7822 Nebula is also known as the ''.

Anyhow. Those are some things I've been pondering lately. I figured I'd share.
Click to expand...
Very quick minor point - The Guardian Exiles weren’t monklike. At least not based on anything that was in the logs. Unless there’s something new in the Codex?
Reactions:
Han_Zen