GURU-951
Nov 7, 2019
#13,173
There's always more to be said...

What I mean to say is that in my research there appears to be a hidden story line. Something involving the Guardians, mostly their AI.
Holdstock's, The Alien World, is pretty far fetched and rumored to have no bearing on Elite, it tells of building the great pyramids in Egypt and pointing them At the stars, which was the wrong thing to do. The great pyramids are connected to Orion through the Orion Correlation Theory. Now if you bookmark the 3 stars in Orion's Belt, you will find Barnard's Loop is in the middle of it. Why does the story line up with the mysterious nature of Barnard's Loop and its limited access?
Mind you with the Thargoids moving in Witchead pushes them closer to Orion. We have 2 mysterious systems in the Orion Nebula, Labyrinth and The Veil
Not to mention that 1 of the only 2 factions operating in Orion Nebula is the democratic Save Space Party. Did you know there are 4 planets named Democracy in the bubble?

Then you have the Hitchhiker's Guide connections being found and in that story is the mysterious and missing planet Marathea which is located in the Horsehead Nebula
(permit locked), in Barnard's Loop.
"Magrathea is an ancient planet located in orbit around the twin suns Soulianis and Rahm in the heart of the Horsehead Nebula.
It was the home of a new form of specialist industry: custom-made, luxury planet building. "
What's that about?

Next you have several connections to Simulation Theory, which is where the Guardian AI come in. The idea that life is a Sim through several Philip K "easter eggs" in game. And ultimately Elite is a Sim and also takes place in the future. Ultimately these connections function through the simulations ran by World Craft Theme Park in Epsilon Eridani. Likely truly ran by the Guardian AI. Sirius provides the power generators to the parks according to lore and tourist beacons. At one point World Craft were the leaders of terraforming but Sirius took the lead. This is an important thing to consider, reason being is that it has to do with ability to create life, terraforming.

Back to WorldCraft and the sim. Punch Major into your nav and hit search 4x. You will be brought to Arcturus, Van Maanen's Star, Epsilon Eridani, and the high pop Agricultural system Pi-Fang , home to the stations Brooks Estate (M.Brooks) and Cartier's Port (Cartier is a Diamond. Remember Pink Floyd connection from Tau Ceti and the prism).
Fully allied with and mapped all 4 Major systems. No in-game result besides a tip-off or 2.

First off, Arcturus. It's in the Bootes constellation, and Arcturus was known as Arcas, the mythological king of Arcadia.
Arcas is a gas giant in Arcturus. Bootis is constellation used for navigation in Homer's Odyssey. It's also home to the Bootes Void, the Great Nothing.
A vast empty area of space void of galaxies.
Bootes was the mythological representation of Enlil, the ancient Sumerian God that founded Eden with Enki in the Sumerian Records.
In the Arcturus system you will see that there is the planet Major, Richard's Rock, and Discovery, in a line. Major, Richard, Discovery.
Orbiting Richard's Rock is Fort Harrison. Richard/Harrison. Richard is another word for D*ck. PKD.
Harrison Ford was a Blade Runner who hunted and killed AI. The deleted scenes show that he himself too was a Replicant. This is you as a member of the Elite galaxy.
A Major/PKD/Discovery. You think your actions don't influence things, but they do. Your actions, individually, impact the story of Elite. We're just as much characters in the story as the NPC's. There's also an outpost called Abel. Recall Cain killing Abel in the bible. Brooks wants to kill you, metaphorically. This is your initiation. More on this later.

Next Van Maanen's Star. First of all, the permit must be acquired through Tau Ceti. Oddly specific. Next the permit cannot be obtained without the permission of
"The Guardians". This is of course the Guardians of The Free Spirit which are from Frontier First Encounters, in the same system then too.
This is likely be the first point of Guardian Contact for us. Within the system we have 1 named planet, Major.

Next, Epsilon Eridani. Home to World Craft Theme Parks and the simulation. It has the planet New California. Blade Runner took place in California and it was a wreck.
It's also got Major's Mine, and Goldstein's Rock. Did you know that there are 9 planets named Gold? Did you know that the Eridanus Constellation is one of the rivers to Hades and it flows through over 20 stars from Achenar, past Betelgeuse, and to the Horsehead Nebula? Horsehead, Hitchhiker's Guide/Magrathea. Is this a map?

Lastly Pi-Fang. 2 named planets, Cooper's Reward and Major's Wreck. It also has the station Brooks Estate and Cartier's Port.
Michael Brooks. Cartier is a world class Diamond manufacturer. Diamonds are prisms. They are found underground and as such are associated with the underworld.
Recall the Prism system and its star, Diamond. We also have Diamond's Rock in Alkaid which is in the Big Dipper.
There are in fact several Diamond stations, all worth a visit.
There are also several Diamonds bodies, Hope in Gateway, and Diamond's Rock in Alkaid being just 2 of them.

One of the most inspirational and most listened to Pink Floyd songs (do I need to remind you how that works into this?) is Shine On You Crazy Diamond.
"Remember when you were young, you shone like the sun
Shine on you crazy diamond
Now there's a look in your eyes, like black holes in the sky
Shine on you crazy diamond
You were caught on the crossfire of childhood and stardom
Blown on the steel breeze
Come on you target for faraway laughter
Come on you stranger, you legend, you martyr, and shine"

Back to PKD. See the system Laka. Note that it has AdelaidePoonToon (more on this later) plus 2 planets named after mountains as well as the Shoulder of Orion station. This, as some of you know, is from Blade Runner. The real shoulder of Orion is his right shoulder, Betelgeuse.
"in a deleted scene from the 1998 film Soldier (written by David Peoples as a "spin-off sidequel-spiritual successor" to Blade Runner), it was a warp station.
The battle and Tannhäuser Gate itself are shown on-screen in one of the film's deleted scenes." -fandom

Now back to AdelaidePoonToon. Laka (the system) has the ELW Kai-Kapu and the myth is a Polynesian Hero Tale about Laka and his venture in the Kai Kapu cave
after receiving a pontoon from the gods for his journey to recover the bones of his father.
This is important because we have the station as a Warp Station according to fandom and Elite Dangerous takes place in the future.
In this future, you and I and everyone are dead. The bones of your father are metaphorically your bones.
If you recover the bones you return as the hero who risked life and limb to regain his honor. And Life occurs, growth happens for that person.
The initiation has been passed. Cain (Brooks) kills Abel (your immature self being Abel.) Child becomes Adult.

In PKD's story, VALIS it tells about how we are all living in a prison in the future in the Sirius star system. We are in a sim, and no one knows it according to it.
And yes, there is a VALIS system. Fully mapped+allied=Nothing.
"In March, 1974, Horselover Fat experiences visions of a pink (Floyd) beam of light that he calls Zebra and interprets as a theophany exposing hidden facts about the reality of our universe, and a group of others join him in researching these matters. One of their theories is that there is some kind of alien space probe in orbit around Earth, and that it is aiding them in their quest" [...] "Once, in a cheap science fiction novel, Fat had come across a perfect description of the Black Iron Prison, but set in the far future. So if you superimposed the past (ancient Rome) over the present (California in the twentieth century) and superimposed the far future world of The Android Cried Me a River over that, you got the Empire, as the supra- or trans-temporal constant. Everyone who had ever lived was literally surrounded by the iron walls of the prison; they were all inside it and none of them knew it." - VALIS

Myths are metaphors, intended to be interpreted as such, not in a literal sense. They can be experienced, but not proven, unless that experience reflects the power of that message through an obvious growth in that person's character.

Now...Cora/Persephone and the ability to terraform.
The 9th discovered planet in Sol was named Persephone. This is our theorized planet X in 2019.
"Persephone, also known in previous centuries as Planet 9, is an icy body ten times the mass of Earth and the furthest planet from the Sun in the Sol system. "
Cora is the Personification of Agriculture, Life. Growth. If you find her, Life occurs, within you. Change happens. Due to the incredible power of the sim.
You bridge the sims, connecting 3305 to current life. A travel from the milky way to an alternate galaxy has occurred.
You in 3305 returns with the bones of your Father, you in 2019. A metaphorical return to Earth, a return from your journey. Home.

The photos are the stars (mom of Cora) Demeter B1, Ereshkigal C (Ereshkigal was the goddess of the Sumerian underworld),
and the planet Eden (Sumerians found Eden first) orbiting Proxima Centauri and Hutton Orbital in Alpha Centauri.
Eden is the closest match I've personally ever found to the image of the Dark Wheel codex.

*Edit- Tannhauser Gate is the warp station, not the Shoulder of Orion. The Tannhauser Gate station is located in the Aztlan system. Aztlan is the mythical birthplace of the Aztecs in the Amazon.
"I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhäuser Gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain. Time to die. "- Blade Runner

Last edited: Nov 25, 2019
Reactions:
[PS4 Pro - PC] earthtone99, ECLIP5E, JulesD and 5 others