yelboc
Nov 6, 2019
#13,163
Vetinari said:
known factas are in doubt on page with two versions of the same story by DW at 2 separate times - both now sourced. Which one is the factual account and which one the misremembered one please?

No the PFand DW split was elsewhere stated explicitly, that just hints at it.

I stated something as my understanding in 1984 and through later Elite until ED, I accept it has changed now. I also said there are other sources which cannot be found today. I have also recanted when I have been wrong or mistaken, I have no problem with that. If you didn't play it in 1984 and you didn't read the articles I read at the time you are looking at 1 novel available as the only source of any info at that time...not very likely is It? And it wasn't, there were interviews in the magazines of the time (BBC Micro, Acorn mag cant remember name of and numerous others I just read but didn't own. Just accept that I remember it one way based on the evidence I had at the time and it can't be resolved either way until DB confirms or denies it. If you can find the articles and interview with IB & DB from 1984 until the last original Elite game Ill gladly go through them, but I need them all please. Impossible isn't it? so lets leave it there and find out where we are today instead.

- I played all original versions of Elite, read everything to do with it and watched anything on TV that mentioned it and now they are all blended in into one story in my head and that was 30 years ago nearly so cant say for sure where or when a particular thing came to light, sorry, cant be any more help.

And the 1984 manual online? I found a colour one online that said it was original so wonder if I found the right one. (original had the wire frame ships in the manual Im pretty sure not the later coloured filled in ones that were on the website I found - happy to recant if anyone finds an original manual and can photo it with coloured ships in) Ive got the games still but none of the manuals. It may have been in later versions or an advert for a future game, it could have been anywhere to be honest.

I do know Raxxla and the DW was never intended to be anything but background fluff until ED, that's why they aren't in any of the previous versions and is my understanding of why they got ret-conned so harshly, to make them fit. Now it is apparently official that they are in game an do mean something. What and where I don't know. Which is why I keep asking who are the DW supposed to be now, where do they fit in to ED universe, not 1984 Elite universe? Any 'clues' or info from 1984 wouldn't be relevant anyway now, not that there were any, it didn't exist remember. Dont think it will help anything but my understanding but Id like to know

And I keep hearing that the books written for ED have now been ret-conned too, is this true anyone or just another myth to fill the lack of info? Yelboc do you know?
Click to expand...

Ian bell has the manual in text form. I have a copy from FD of the original - am looking for the link it came from - please bear with.

http://www.iancgbell.clara.net/elite/

not heard direct evidence for ret-conning of the official novels, but Drew did point out some changes to hyperspace lore. AFAIK we have to assume that official novels are canon.

The'84 novella should probably be treated as a story or myth in the ED context, only true in flavour.
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420