Lord Rak
L
Jul 27, 2021
#24,052
Jorki Rasalas said:
My niggles are the “its the people you meet on the journey” and “ a state of mind” trolls. Neither fit the “it’s a definite place” statement of the codex.

I have reported my previous hypotheses in this thread, anyone interested is free to search them out. None have produced any significant results, but I still think Raxxla is likely to be in or very near Sol due to the Martian Artefact and the timeline.

I keep pondering about the “personal journey” and “a story of your progression through the game” statements by DB and MB. Together with the codex/commanders archive of some (but not all) site logs and tourist beacons you’ve visited. Clearly the game mechanism is that the archive stores locations where you’ve visited something significant. It’s not a great leap of faith to infer that the game must be watching that list and should trigger events based on it. Since the game runs on your own machine, not run centrally on FD’s servers, then this is only logical. Cmdr Corr Fellian is working along these lines, but appears to be tying together lore from the RPG, Elite books and previous games in a way that seems to me a bit tenuous.

I am thinking about TDW. We have very little information about them and don't know if they are a distraction or a significant part of this “personal journey”, but it would be nice to trigger of significance! The only real sources of information we have about TDW are the two (Reclamation and Premonition) books by Drew Wagar, with a small amount of support from the Codex. They are mentioned in a couple of the other Elite books but only in passing. So I’m thinking we need to pull together any clues from those two books and test them against the game. The things that stand out to me are the in-game features of the Zurara, three Dynasty Plot areas (which are located quite a long way from each other around the galaxy, each with 4 abandoned surface sites), and a faction in Shin Dez that seems to do nothing significant and which we are told is “merely a front”, “they have their uses for occasional menial activities” and that TDW are “akin to an affiliation of organisations that share certain common goals. Interlocking in purpose.” In SD they have their own surface base which is a little out of the way.... We know they updated the Zurara from its original Anaconda to a megaship...Clearly FD put significant dev effort into providing the in-game support for this.

So, I’m wondering if the test for membership is to actually visit all three sets of Dynasty sites (& maybe Zurarra too). The obvious thing then is to sell the Intel packages gained to TDW in Shinrarta. I’ve visited FRift and Conflux sites and am currently on my way to the Hawking’s Gap sites. However I did not sell the intel packages from the first two areas to TDW. I think I sold the FRift data to Canonn HQ and that from the Conflux to Jaques on my way back to the bubble from the DW2 expedition. It might not even matter where the data is sold since we dont see that information stored in the archive. However I’ll definitely sell the Gap data to TDW in SD in the hope of triggering something. What I’d like to know is whether has sold Dynasty Plot data to TDW in SD?
Click to expand...
Raxxla was introduced in 1984 Elite story book but it was added to the game in 2014 Elite Dangerous, DB and MB acknowledged that. Knowing this you can use Sherlock Holmes technique of deduction what information is correct and what is just jibber jabber someone created. So basically any story written about Raxxla after 2014 by self proclaimed Elite Dangerous story makers are fake. Only facts we have is 1.Codex 2. Lave was center of the galaxy in 1984. 3. Sol was center of the galaxy in Frontier. 4. Sag A is center of the galaxy in ED but Sol is still marked as 0.0. I think Raxxla is somewhere in the core systems. Many people have different opinions but I believe there were 9 core systems in 1984 ( some say 11 or 12). I can go on with my theory but I'm not sure if you guys want to hear it.
Reactions:
simulacrae and Emperor