Jorki Rasalas
Jul 28, 2021
#24,060
Han_Zen said:
It’s probably not Lave 2 or Diso 5. Rafe Zetter says: ‘Raxxla—if it exists—is in another Galaxy. This means; not in Galaxy 1, in Elite. This excludes the old worlds cluster.

In the game since gamma, probably excludes the beta 2 pill. This is the region between Eranin and Sol (Sol was just outside).
Ah! but!

We dont know that Holdstock’s Raxxla is now canon (§)

And there was nothing to stop DB/MB placing Raxxla into the gamma anywhere in the 400 billion systems in-game, including in the “beta pill”. It could have been placed totally randomly. However I suspect they both are keen on the lore (despite much of it having been retconned circa 2017, for reasons undisclosed), therefore I think they will have had a lore-based reason for placing Raxxla (MB is/was an author so I think he would have pressured for it to make sense in-game.

So I still think Raxxla is in or near Sol based on the lore we still have:
first reported date of rumour,
likely period to turn from secret discovery (its discovery was never reported, so likely a military/state secret) into rumour,
jump ranges at the time,
the way exploration would have been conducted/funded (expanding in a bubble around Sol, but with “spikes” out to interesting destinations),
the order of system colonisation,
Unmanned probes would not have been sent out willy-nilly, they would have been used to investigate interesting destinations before human expeditions were sent,
The statement that an alien artefact was found during the terraforming of Mars which tells us a space-faring alien species visited Sol in the distant past.
The fact that the codex tells us that something can be hidden from ship scanners (e.g. the rumour of a TDW station)

(§) N.B. I have a niggle, not with Han_Zen, but with other posts . It’s to do with misusage of English language in this forum :

Cannon=a big gun, for shooting projectiles.
Canon= (1) a collection of rules or texts that are considered to be authoritative (the definition often applied in this thread!)
(2) a priest responsible for administering a cathedral or church
Canonn= a group of players of Elite Dangerous (contraction of “Canonn Interstellar Research Group”)

They sound the same, but have quite different meanings
Last edited: Jul 28, 2021
Reactions:
Han_Zen