Rochester
Jul 27, 2021
#24,045
Raxxla has never been confirmed as a ‘main quest’ event, none of the events in game are.

It’s lore initially and only ever mentioned by name in game until the recent existence of the Codex. Prior to that it was confirmed only to be an in game location by DB & MB.

There were the active DW missions of course which alluded to Raxxla, but not directly by name, but these disappeared mysteriously, likely bugged, but only available to early Elite Cmdrs.

It was never described as a main quest event, but the confusion may have come out of the statement ‘It's a journey everyone has to travel for themselves’

The Quest To Find Raxxla
The Quest To Find Raxxla - Place that isn't a place, door that is also the key. The myth. This ship log will be used to document the assumptions, facts, theories and efforts surrounding Raxxla, with the ultimate goal of locating Raxxla. All commanders willing to join are most welcome. If no...
forums.frontier.co.uk

That is the only statement which alluded to any particular ‘interaction’ of the Raxxla element.

It is not confirmation and could mean almost anything, and just as likely is a ‘it is what it is’ - ‘wait and see’ kind of a statement which was probably the only thing MB could say without breaking confidentiality,

Any other ‘main quest’ elements have only arisen from players tomfoolery and wild conjecture and scattershot tinfoiling.

Now recently CM Arthur Tolmie did say: It’s there. Clearly it’s there. I’ve said this in another stream, I’ll say it today, it’s been going a longtime. The payoff would have to be great, and that’s all I will say on it”.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-9232211

But still this is no confirmation it’s any type of ‘main quest’, Arthur actually uses the same turn of phrase to describe the current narrative, so one could come back and say it’s nought but a narrative event?

The point is, no one knows what it is, but it’s pretty certain it is not an end game element. Likely it’s an Easter egg, more likely an Easter egg which was either lost, or altered and re-injected into the game narrative…

Logic dictates if it were a ‘main guest’ event then FD would want ‘everyone’ to interact with it, so they would logically provide players with clues and tools and guidance, which they have not.

Anything prior to the Codex is liable and probably no longer cannon, since the purge of 2017, so all we have is the Codex. But maybe not… who knows… my point is, if it were a main quest / end game event it ought to been implemented and advertised as such… so far it isn’t.

Right now it’s nought but myth and legend.
Last edited: Jul 28, 2021
Reactions:
Jorki Rasalas