Jorki Rasalas
Dec 19, 2019
#14,213
Koben said:
According to the Codex, the DW station is orbiting the 8th moon of an "unnamed" gas giant... for me this means that the whole system and its main star(s) are not in the galaxy map. You'd have to know where it is, fly there and when you're close enough it might appear on your left tab screen so you can target it to jump there.

Edit: Specially considering patch notes mentioned "dark systems" yet to be discovered

No, don’t confuse speculation with fact, nor promulgate it as fact. The codex says
“According to self-professed Dark Wheel expert Lyta Crane, a conspiracy theorist and
'people's journalist' who has painstakingly assembled an archive of relevant data, the
original group was based in a disused starport orbiting the eighth moon of an unnamed
gas giant. The station was toroid, hence 'wheel', and operated with a minimal power output
so as to avoid detection, hence 'dark'.

Crane believes that this starport is still in use, and is the only means whereby the genuine
Dark Wheel can verify its identity; new inductees can examine the records and artefacts
preserved there, and thus satisfy themselves that the group has indeed been operating for
centuries. No such starport has ever been found, however, and rival experts have accused
Crane of forging her evidence in order to maintain the revenue from her billions of
followers.”

The name LYTA CRANE is an anagram of LYT ARCANE; LYT being types of substar and arcane meaning ‘mysterious & known to few people’, which may be a clue or may be a hint that she’s talking nonsense. There is enough uncertainty in the phrasing (I’ve enboldened relevant phrases) to make the 8th moon assertion doubtful. It may be true, it may be partially true, or it may be downright invention.The only part of the codex that seems to be a firm clue with no uncertainty is TDW toast, which I think is likely to be a map to guide us to their stealth station, if we can decode it correctly. Whether that then leads us towards Raxxla is a moot point.
Reactions:
Six6VI, [PS4] Filthymick420 and BluWolve