El Saico
Nov 6, 2023
#31,969
Rochester said:
New line of investigation - The Ragthorn Temple

Without giving too much away from the book Ragthorn, by Robert Holdstock, he establishes a temple honouring a thorn tree, this is surrounded by 4 alters, birth, maturity, old age and an unknown fourth.

Holdstock used the term in his Lost Realms book as: fecundity, motherhood and the hag of death.

The tri-partite goddess typically is described as being the maiden (youth); the mother and the crone; symbolism for the female life cycle and phases of the moon.

Interestingly in Robert Holdstocks ‘Ragthorn’ he actually flips this description to the

This deification of thorn trees goes back to Celtic / Saxxon / Norse roots where said tree marks the axis mundi and a path to the ‘Otherworld’.

Considering the existence of the Lost Realms zone I believe this acts as not only an Easter Egg dedication to Robert Holdstock, but is a replication of the above cosmology. The tree in question in game being that that established by the Yggdrasil systems, which does sit directly over the system axis Mundi and these Lost Realms.

As you will have observed from my investigations within and around this zone are a plethora of systems which can be attributable to ‘older gods’, some may have a dense focal point at the centre of the zone.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'



My next series of investigations will look towards attempting to re-catalog those various systems into applicable sub-groups to assess if there are any attributable common themes. Eg deities linked to water; death etc, to attempt to assess if there are any patterns, or not, or if they follow the same arrangement set out in Holdstocks ‘Ragthorn’!

Youth, fertility or death!

Do these systems mark the alters protecting the sanctity of Raxxla? I’m doubtful but, I have noted a proliferation of female deities, but an odd number of similar male variants…

My hypothesis has been these Lost Realms are as Holdstock ascribed, variants of an ‘Eden/Paradise’, but that they ‘Obfuscate’ the real paradise or doorway to Raxxla.

What if there is a Holdstock map in game that mirrors ‘Ragthorn’, but rather than using a female triad, FD has used a male variant? Additionally I might presume any deity linked to an Underworld, Water or Storms are actually linked to the Lost Reams concept.

*




Aine - Celtic goddess of fertility, sister of Boann.
Baal - Canaanite male god of fertility, associated source for Beezlebub.
Epona - Celtic goddess of horses and fertility.
Idunn - Norse goddess of the apples of eternal youth!
Qetesh - Canaanite goddess of fertility / Egyptian goddess lady of the stars of heaven!
Mabon - Welsh male god of Light and youth.


Anu - Celtic Earth mother linked to triad of the Morrigan.
Dana - Celtic Earth mother, mother of all things.
Don - Welsh legend, mother goddess, but equally could be male.
Nana Buluku - Yoruba mother goddess, creator of all things.


Giltine - Lithuanian Goddess of death, the reaper, sister of Laima.
Donn - Celtic god of death, the dark one.
Mot - Canaanite god of death.
Obaluaye - Yoruba male god of disease but also healing.




This hypothesis seems to have legs but is nevertheless missing feet, it seems various deities are placed at first glance rather arbitrarily; however two of the ‘male’ associated systems (the majority are female) are relatively close together, and in relation to a known focal point in the lost Realms zone. This might identify an intelligence gap; namely that this list could be inconclusive and there could be additional systems not yet discovered in this general area with a male prefix. Or this theory is just total twaddle…

*additional point not re-mapped but omitted


Apsu - Babylonian origin god, underground fresh waters.
Long - Chinese water dragon.
Tiamat - Mesopotamian primordial god of the sea.


Lei Gong - Chinese thunder god.
Oya Latin American goddess of storms, but also children.
Shango - Yoruba god of thunder and lighting.


El Tio - Bolivian male lord of underworld (linked to St. Michael).
Erlik - Turkic male Lord of underwold, resides in the 9th level of underworld.
Yawa - Filipino slang for demon.
Some notes in the Yoruba front:

Alternate names for Obaluayé also present as systems are Shakpana, Sakpata and Soponna. I suspect each spelling was added from a different diasporic faith.
Also Yemaia is the Orisha of motherhood - this spelling in particular being more closely associated with Santería.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, Edelgard von Rhein and Rochester