Suhurrat
S
Dec 1, 2022
#28,204
Louis Calvert said:
Yep! lol.

Martha's Pulsar does that.


Not the same system you mean though. Same effect though isn't it? You can hyperspace jump between two systems that occupy the same space.

I think it's a good demonstration of the fact that hyperspace jumps be used to hide stuff really easily because it's all baked into the game engine.

So, personally, I think really what we're looking for is a set of 'trigger conditions' and once met, we'll just hyperspace jump to Raxxla. That's something we know can be done in the game engine and we know that same system works for Hyperdictions. My assumption is that's what all the clues are, they are pointing us to A) Hyperspace, and b) a set of trigger conditions.

Recently I had hoped that by doing a really simply 'top level' reading of the Raxxla Codex I might be able to find the trigger conditions, but that just led me to Delphi (as it has so many people!) and I'm not sure what could be next, so... dead end lol.
Click to expand...
My theory with pulsars is this: in astronomy, screaming stars are various black holes, pulsars, etc. That is, those that have a giant radio footprint. So the siren in the void may well be a star. Another theory of mine is that, despite the fact that all events somehow occur around the bubble, the developers said that the raxxla in the Milky Way, meaning the galaxy. What if the raxxla is not near the bubble, not near the known systems? For example, we have a region that is called that: The void. Difficult to reach due to the abundance of dwarves. Just like the formidine rift. What if we need a star that screams in the void? A pulsar or something similar in the Void region that is poorly researched?

It seems to me that everyone is very fixated on the past. Here we have a bunch of books, stories, lore. And all this happens around the bubble and in the bubble. But as we know, the bubble has been sufficiently investigated and there are systems and regions that are under the permit.

It doesn't seem to me that Raxxla is somewhere in a bubble under the permit, because it's stupid from a logical point of view. It's much easier to hide something in the depths. Yes, we have billions of systems there, so this is a needle search. But it seems to me that by drawing an analogy with real astronomy, you can get a good designator.

Also, do not forget that lore may not be related to the game at all, it may just be a nice bonus, and so on.Therefore, I start from what we have. And we have a bunch of disparate pieces of information. Since lines from the wheel toast were added to the code, it can be taken as an idea that this is official information. So what do we have after all?

To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies
Many went to dig myths and legends. Forgetting that we are talking about the mother of all galaxies, not one. And this is the Milky Way. Moreover, according to not only myths and legends, but it is also often mentioned in astronomy that the mother of all galaxies for earthlings is the Milky Way. Stardust forming stars and planets and all that.

To the whisperer in witchspace
Here I put forward two theories. The first is the targoids and the second is the stars. Let me explain: the targoids disappear for one simple reason. This is a loading screen and the impossibility of free movement in the witch's space. However, we still have the stars. As we know, radio waves, as well as any radiation, can travel not only in our plane of being, so to speak. For example, gravitational waves easily affect time and space. Because our dear creators are elite, avid science fiction writers, but also fans of astronomy and mathematics. Then this option is more real. That we need some kind of star. And since pulsars are the most flashy on different waves and ranges, then we have two options left here. A black hole and a pulsar. Binary stars are too extensive a classification. It can be like a black hole + a star, maybe two stars that are ready to merge, and so on and so forth.This leads us to the next line.
the siren of the deepest void
As I said above. Stars can quite sing and shout at different ranges. Pulsars are the loudest because their waves penetrate very long distances.
And the last
The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts. To Raxxla!
Many separate these lines, some disassemble them into separate components. But I think we need to read everything together.
The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts - People leaving home, loved ones and dear ones, for the sake of an impossible dream to find the mythical raxxla. The vagabond hearts of the space.

If you take my guesses as a theory for a second, then what do we get? We need a star somewhere in the depths of space that will show us the way to the mythical planet. This theory also perfectly fits the fact that we can charge FSD from pulsars. Maybe we need a certain region of space, a certain direction, where there is a pulsar, charging from which FSD we will jump to the desired point?

Therefore, I began to disassemble my own theory for spare parts. And I came to the conclusion that the pulsar sound design in the game strongly resembles a whisper and a scream. A whisper if you listen to a normal and slow-motion recording, and the cry of sirens if you listen to an accelerated version.From here, I'm going to test the second part of the theory and go to the Void region.
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and Virtual Yoda