Rochester
Dec 13, 2022
#28,422
Jorki Rasalas said:
Afraid I strongly disagree! The simplest interpretation of “Astrophel” is the basic translation from the greek as “Star Lover”!

I’ve never been convinced by this assumed reference to Sidney, it’s a huge leap, & it’s well outside the game so therefore highly unlikely to be canonn for ED, so what is the attraction of this hypothesis? Has MB expressed an admiration for his prose? Was it referenced in any of the novels?
(Though I did subscribe at one point and dived a lot of dual black holes, since
“When nature made her chiefe worke, Stella’s eyes, In collour blacke
onely those two starres in Stella’s face.”)

Whether you want to interpret “Star Lover” as David Braben (oft expressed love of astronomy), or Black Hole (possibly supermassive), or something else is another question....

Edit: sorry, don't mean to sound grumpy. Copawlot had a fit at 06:20 yesterday. Licking his paws a lot during last night, so I woke at 3:30, 4:30 & 5:30. Then another fit at 11:00.
Click to expand...
That’s true, it is the simplest interpretation, eg: ‘aster’ = star ‘Phil’ = lover. Ergo Princess Star Lover, a female star lover.

I was always just going off my schooling, knowing Sidney coined that name first. Just seemed an obvious choice to me. But again thats the problem, which burrow to follow!

Han_Zen said:
Polaris is the celestial north pole. It relates to earths rotation axis.
The ecliptic north pole is in Draco and is the top of most star maps. It relates to earths orbit around the sun.
Then there is the Galactic north pole in Coma Berenices.
There are of course south poles as well. We usually focus on the north poles, because most of us live on top of the globe.

Al the other planets in sol also have their own poles, as well:
Poles of astronomical bodies - Wikipedia

In the search for Raxxla, Mars, Saturn or any planet may be as relevant as earth?

All these are 'valid' ophalos points, if we find relevant hints to back them up.
Click to expand...

A celestial axis is where I am currently investigating, based upon the same principle that the logo represents Sol.

Remember FD has confirmed Polaris is locked and not accessible for Cmdrs.

Another celestial pole I’m looking into still, could potentially be that drawn from Pandemonium, if you apply the measurements found in Paradise Lost you can build an axis, and determine a distance (to a degree) but it’s not accurate…

I got there the other night in a stock Cobra then answered the door and found my ship destroyed somehow… now have to climb that stair again…that’s if ‘whatever it is’ is accessible in Legacy!
Last edited: Dec 13, 2022
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard and Louis Calvert