Louis Calvert
Dec 13, 2022
#28,430
Han_Zen said:
Polaris is the celestial north pole. It relates to earths rotation axis.
The ecliptic north pole is in Draco and is the top of most star maps. It relates to earths orbit around the sun.
Then there is the Galactic north pole in Coma Berenices.
There are of course south poles as well. We usually focus on the north poles, because most of us live on top of the globe.

Al the other planets in sol also have their own poles, as well:
Poles of astronomical bodies - Wikipedia

In the search for Raxxla, Mars, Saturn or any planet may be as relevant as earth?

All these are 'valid' ophalos points, if we find relevant hints to back them up.
Click to expand...
You make a good point. Have you seen this before?



It's the below Hexagram overlaid with the Raxxla logo, but... well honestly I didn't really credit it much considering that hexagram is magic not science and well... that tends to be the main thrust of discussion here (supposedly!).

SPOILER: HEXAGRAM

That shape is common in magic, though not all representations show it quite like this. It's the intersection of magic systems and Astrology, there's a common representation of the celestial objects in this form. While I was looking at all aspects of the Sol connection I wondered briefly if there was a way to see if a there could be a conjunction or alignment of the planets in Sol. I was mainly thinking about how Raxxla is called "mystical" in the codex, and I remembered what Rochester said about Michael Brookes' liking Lovecraftian fiction, amongst other supernatural works.

I also recalled the video someone shared (I think it was Jorki) where John Harper mentioned Raxxla:
Source: https://youtu.be/mb8c2wB50QI?t=153


JH: "And of course there's Raxxla itself, the mystery, whose rumours and sightings seem to ebb and flow of a fifty year cycle, and we're approaching that fifty year peak, so we'll be hearing a lot more sightings and a lot more mystery around Raxxla."

Got me thinking about conjunctions and alignments, and of course the fact that the circle-dot representation of Sol comes from Astrology and Alchemy originally. I wondered if the solution was significantly more 'magical' than we were expecting.

I couldn't make it go anywhere, but maybe it's useful to you?
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard, Han_Zen and Rochester