Louis Calvert
Dec 13, 2022
#28,433
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
We found The Dark Wheel/The Circle of Independent Elite Pilots. They are pushing a fraudulent story because they already possess Raxxla. This means Liz Ryder and all the Engineers are part of the cabal, too. The Dark Wheel is The Club itself.
Going to have a good read of this all later when I get back, it looks really interesting! This quoted section really might actually tie into something I've been looking into too. I'm really interested to read this properly later

Edit:
Is this any use to you for this idea? It's the Galnet article on Soontil Relics:
Soontill Relics Test Results Queried
18 MAY 3301

As further alien artefacts claiming to be from Soontill are being sold on the open market, the results of the initial scientific tests have been revealed.

“We were looking for key markers,” explains Chief Xeno-Chemist Lyran Betar. “Elemental make up, crystalline structure, anything that indicates it could have originated from human hand.”

And the results? Inconclusive. The research team’s results clearly state that no known human technology could have created the relics, yet they do not quite align with known Thargoid materials. Whatever they are, they are indeed very old, with isotopic dating indicating that they could well be tens of thousands of years old.

Jean Molyneaux, a historian from France, Earth, suggests we look back at our own past to determine the home of these relics. “Imagine an alien travelling back two thousand years into mankind’s past. The varied culture, arts and building materials of the Aztecs, Greeks, the Shang dynasty, what have you, the alien could think they were all different species, if that was his way of thinking…”

The community seems wary of awarding these artefacts any title yet, given the fifty years of false hopes since Soontill was first mentioned by the Thargoids. However, reports indicate that these relics have now arrived at labs on both Mars and Capitol for further testing, and with any luck, we may soon finally agree on what these relics are, or are not.
Click to expand...
Last edited: Dec 13, 2022
Reactions:
John Stoutbeard