CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 2, 2022
#27,608
playerwon said:
yeah welcome to gaming 101... only a handful of people follow the narrative, as demonstrated by this forum in general.
there are plenty of posts on here about ways to make the game easier to play... and only a handful about the lore.
to them, the story is fluff and will always be, no matter how well written. its not a critique on the writing, its a critique on people in general.
if you wanna see it demonstrated yourself, join any mmo and ask for some help as a noob. nobody wants to stand around and wait for you to read the narrative, they want you to run from waypoint 1 to waypoint 2, do the thing, then move on... and for most, thats exactly how they want to experience the game....
and the few that do follow the story do so for different reasons as well. some relish nothing more than picking apart a good story to find the holes. some just want to be carried away to a different narrative. some just do it out of habit. some believe tips may be buried there. there are a host of different reasons, and all are exercised daily.
as for elite dangerous, you must understand that some of the "lore" is not lore. it is exactly fluff written by people who just wanted to expand the narrative in their minds while they played... and much does not follow cannon. there are many people writing "lore" that are not part of the team and they never really where... but they expect their words to dictate the actions of the team. there have been arguments with fdev and its writers over this stuff.
as a writer yourself, you should know this going in... not everyone (read:most people) can be arsed to read the stuff on screen. this is the age of stupid, where cruel and stupid people are made celebrities and most people try to follow suit.
Click to expand...
Personally, my desire was never to pick it apart. We actually were supposed to do that. The problem: most people dare not look in a mirror and analyze themselves much less a story. Also, most people are terrified at going against the crowd. My goal was to honor the old stories and show people how damn lucky we are to have a game like Elite Dangerous (and the rest of the series). This is one of those game series that deserves to be remembered forever for it's impact. You have no idea what it is like be like when you are one of the lone voices speaking out for how important small details were in the larger story. It was a very lonely journey, but I couldn't be happier for having gone on it (even if it was at times exceedingly lonely). I am very much looking towards the future but will continue digging into the past of humans and our fellow intelligent alien species in the game.