Thatchinho
Nov 2, 2022
#27,611
Allen Stroud said:
The one word I detest being associated with lore in a game is 'fluff'.

Whenever anyone describes writing as 'fluff' it indicates that the writing is non-essential - a veneer, window dressing, etc. I totally get that description. But, as a writer, I never want to write 'fluff'. I want to write content that has meaning.

In Elite Dangerous, I think (I don't know) there have been several content creators and potentially a lack of co-ordination of that writing, which is why you get narratives that don't go anywhere and get discarded.

I think I mentioned in my Ph. D. that macrotexts need curators to stay on top of things. If there isn't someone updating the material whenever anything is put out, or if the hand over between curators is imperfect, you get these kind of problems and things that were originally strong narratives, become wayward and 'fluff'.
Click to expand...
Personally I think the problem in this particular instance is slightly different. It’s one of loose terminology.

Some are using ‘fluff’ to mean something which is not directly interactable and influenceable. Correct me if I’m wrong but I don’t think that’s how you’re interpreting the word.

IMHO, with regard to the storyline in question it was obvious that it wasn’t supposed to be directly interactable and influenceable. I don’t think it was fluff though.

This Galnet article links it to the wider lore/storyline: https://community.elitedangerous.com/galnet/25-MAY-3305

There is a bit of an open question around that article however, given that what it says is essentially what some of us had been discussing.

Was it already written and were we simply joining the dots? Or had we joined a bunch of dots into an image that was never supposed to be there, and the Galnet article was simply reporting it?

Everyone’s going to have to take their own guess at that, but still I don’t think it was fluff myself, at least not in the sense I think you were meaning the word.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian