simulacrae
Nov 2, 2022
#27,601
rOmiLaYu said:
Except that FDev told us the Romero story was fluff when they cut it all out of Galnet.
Galnet News | Elite Dangerous Community Site
community.elitedangerous.com
Galnet News | Elite Dangerous Community Site
community.elitedangerous.com
Galnet News | Elite Dangerous Community Site
community.elitedangerous.com
yelboc said:
^ This.

FD embarassed themselves when their 'fluff' story send dozens of people on a wild goose chase looking for content that didn't exist. They communicated their embarassmenet, apologised , and the thread died.
Only consolation here is that they haven't said the same for the hunt for Raxxla.

You need to learn to search the forum before making a fool of yourself.



The Gan Romero storyline was always envisaged as an off-camera narrative. The fact that some people assumed it had an in-game component, and went searching for Romero, was for me further evidence that off-camera GalNet stories could be detrimental to the player experience, and cemented our desire to ensure that all GalNet content related to things that were actually in the game.
Click to expand...

Yes people including myself happily went looking for Romero - and never found him but made content out of it. FD embarrassed themselves by listening to a group who cried because they couldnt find something and admitted it was an "off camera storyline" which is exactly what every article in Galnet was and is. - And then FD proceeded to destroy Galnet for about a Year. FD could have written another Galnet article explaining what happened to Gan or even better - put something in game... but No they instead nuked Galnet because of a bunch of entitled crybabies. Probably the same bunch who whined about being attacked when the Gnosis attempted that jump...

Ya i lost alot of respect for both the community and Fdev when this happened. And have less respect for those who claim to play a GAME with a FICTIONAL NARRATIVE but talk about how PARTS of it are UNREAL ... "Fluff"
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and Jorki Rasalas