playerwon
Nov 2, 2022
#27,607
Allen Stroud said:
The one word I detest being associated with lore in a game is 'fluff'.

Whenever anyone describes writing as 'fluff' it indicates that the writing is non-essential - a veneer, window dressing, etc. I totally get that description. But, as a writer, I never want to write 'fluff'. I want to write content that has meaning.

In Elite Dangerous, I think (I don't know) there have been several content creators and potentially a lack of co-ordination of that writing, which is why you get narratives that don't go anywhere and get discarded.

I think I mentioned in my Ph. D. that macrotexts need curators to stay on top of things. If there isn't someone updating the material whenever anything is put out, or if the hand over between curators is imperfect, you get these kind of problems and things that were originally strong narratives, become wayward and 'fluff'.
Click to expand...
yeah welcome to gaming 101... only a handful of people follow the narrative, as demonstrated by this forum in general.
there are plenty of posts on here about ways to make the game easier to play... and only a handful about the lore.
to them, the story is fluff and will always be, no matter how well written. its not a critique on the writing, its a critique on people in general.
if you wanna see it demonstrated yourself, join any mmo and ask for some help as a noob. nobody wants to stand around and wait for you to read the narrative, they want you to run from waypoint 1 to waypoint 2, do the thing, then move on... and for most, thats exactly how they want to experience the game....
and the few that do follow the story do so for different reasons as well. some relish nothing more than picking apart a good story to find the holes. some just want to be carried away to a different narrative. some just do it out of habit. some believe tips may be buried there. there are a host of different reasons, and all are exercised daily.
as for elite dangerous, you must understand that some of the "lore" is not lore. it is exactly fluff written by people who just wanted to expand the narrative in their minds while they played... and much does not follow cannon. there are many people writing "lore" that are not part of the team and they never really where... but they expect their words to dictate the actions of the team. there have been arguments with fdev and its writers over this stuff.
as a writer yourself, you should know this going in... not everyone (read:most people) can be arsed to read the stuff on screen. this is the age of stupid, where cruel and stupid people are made celebrities and most people try to follow suit.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian