Louis Calvert
Nov 3, 2022
#27,614
I think the "problem" is that Elite Dangerous actually does a very good job of simulating reality, now or in 3300.

I really like it being messy and sort of a bit confusing and having stuff that encourages discussion and debate precisely because it's a bit weird and maybe sort of not-quite making sense. I like that there's this mish-mash of old lore from previous games that keeps getting wheeled out and examined. I like that people can't agree on basically any aspect of it. Feels very realistic to me - only I also get to fly a space-ship and walk on alien planets too.

The fact that we're able to follow threads of stories in ED for years and investigate them ourselves is, frankly, pretty unrealistic (and awesome).

Personally I'd love it if Galnet was more like the kickstarter concept where it was a little more like the FFE journals with different takes on events and all sorts of cool Elite stories, I really liked the era of having player submitted stories and all sorts of flavours. That's the stuff I enjoyed injecting into Sagittarius Eye tbh. I don't personally rate "exact relevance to only in-game events" as being particularly high on the want list for Galnet, but then I also don't think that our (modern day) news contains objective truth, so maybe that's the issue

I get that there's a time-money issue for Fdev though, writers and game devs cost money (rightly so) so the cost for creating content that appeals to a minority basically gets selected out in favour of content that the majority engages with. It makes sense, I mean damn we spent collectively hundreds of hours to put out each issue of SAG-I for fun and a relatively tiny readership. I can't imagine how much work goes into months worth of Galnet stories and the cost of that if they're only intended to appeal to a relatively small subset of the playerbase... Sad that it's about money but people need to eat.

Anyway, for this reason I actually kinda enjoy the ideas people have about Raxxla or whatever much more than I think I will enjoy the actual thing when it's found. Does that make sense? I like talking about it and I like that there's this teeny tiny chance that it might actually be solvable and that someone that's really been working on it for ages will actually crack it. That... hope... is really cool! and very hard to find in modern games. Virtually impossible actually. The lore and 'theory' discussions are kinda like the 'fluff' (I too hate that term) articles for Galnet, maybe they're not really related to the game much, but damn are they interesting!

Apologies for rambling.
Last edited: Nov 3, 2022
Reactions:
]M[, SpocksOddSocks and Rochester