cmdr milesred
Nov 2, 2022
#27,604
my first year in the game showed me that the various 'news' reports were iffy.
that local news was /is often neglected totally - soo often missing info
then my own stats, had to take screenshots to verify the game can't do math.
today the news is zero better
if you play the BGS you get to see NO local news, ever, until it is too late.
I also only knew the lore as it existed when I played the first Elite. and kept it that way till January 2022.
reading it all, changed nothing in my outlook.
I still went looking for snakes and a dark faction. it was no different then any mission my factions send me on, except it was being done by fdev, so even more fun, even if total fail. may have been red herring, may have been I am bad at finding clues.. only fdev knows.
no game in my history has a live caretaker. other than Galactic Empire(Murdoch) and that was only a sysop function.
most games are/were dead upon release, many long before that.

the errors as I saw them, were all good. accurate clues and timed events are often only for those paying close attention and can become a race.
fdev seems to take all player types into consideration and there are usually no losers.
a thing unique to this game as well, there is no I win scenario
no actual END, until fdev decides there is.
this alone makes the game special to every player.

it is up to each cmdr to decide what is and what is not worth chasing.
fdev is really good at making stories and puzzles IMO. that some are or appear broken is fine, not all stories need a reality.

meanwhile, I get to build and engineer and fly many cool ships that react better than any in any game I ever played.
in a space that seems quite authentic.
the physics behind it all is deeper than any in any game I have played.

and as I have said many times, I have had fun going out of my way, many times to prove certain theories dead wrong.
had a 4 year long thread going because of 'reasons' - to resolve an issue that is still an issue....but was it ever, is it still?
there are things 'broken', things that seem 'broken'
reality = maybe they are maybe they are not.
this was in my first year and I went to a lot of trouble to prove to myself why some things appear 'broken'
fdev and its 'news' often omit information or outright lie about some things, I see it as a part they have to play.
if they spoon-feed everything correctly to me, I will quit showing up. They knew this long before I clued in.
Lies are important to stories. ALWAYS. watch TV anyone?
every story consists of people with-holding and telling lies.
The Doctor is filled with lies and mis-direction and years of with-holding. decades.
Oldest running Best sci-fi ever....from the U.K. aka stories r us.

Not everything is as/what it seems. is a common saying in good movies.
this game is full of this.
sadly many whiners have always had fdev's ear, and as such often things get changed, IMO, just to keep the peace.
bad commercials get attention far better than good fun pleasant commercials.
bad press covers more space in minds than no press or good press.
so, there are times when to keep bad press away, capitulation takes place.
the game still attracts me because it is not kept up by children with no skill and/or no imagination.
It is alive with daily addition, change, stories(real or not)
Rod Serling would have been proud to know some of these stories.
and as a guy that was really good at Atari's Star Raiders, and the afore mentioned Galactic Empire, there is no game anywhere that comes close to either of those.
ED has many components from both games and so much more.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, Thuras and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian