Ataxia
Sep 25, 2023
#31,628
Rochester said:
Pondering the section within M Brookes book ‘Legacy’ which FD replicated in the memorial beacons, and which I suspect hold some similarity with Trinkets of Hidden Fortune…

‘For centuries there was a spacer tradition that if a body couldn’t be recovered, then an empty coffin would be filled with small tokens by those attending. The coffin soon filled with patches, glasses and a whole range of small items which provided some connection between the mourner and Hammer’

‘At the suggestion of the engineering chief, a cargo pod was transformed into an oversized coffin. The mementoes all fitted inside and a memorial plaque laser-etched into the surface. Lina wept openly as the pod launched into space’ - Michael Brookes Elite Legacy.

Now the pod was jettisoned in Artemis, but with the proliferation in game of Celtic references, and this being a very unique burial theme, I wonder if this tradition had a particular origin?

It also feels to that such references do pull particular focus upon Legacy. With this in mind, it too falls into likelihood, it may be the same book as the ‘children’s story’ alluded to in the Codex, simply due to the existence of various descriptions:

’

‘

‘’

‘‘ - Michael Brookes Elite Legacy.

(*)

In the absence of any other book without so many oddities and links to extrapolate from, what references could be pulled from Legacy?

I’ve re-read Legacy, and it does seem evident there’s a link involvement related to Artemis, Hecate and Demeter. An obvious ‘leap’ from there ought to be Persephone… but where from there?

There are a number of systems in the Lost Reslms with links to Persephone, especially a few with bodies, factions and a persistent NPC?

Something is missing here, there’s nothing necessarily in Persephone that’s glaringly obvious, so what else could there be the ‘Legacy’ what else could it hold - or does this collectively just take us the area of the ‘lost realms’.

Currently not in game, but when next available I may just try and grind my way through every system in that area… but I’m sure there’s something more we’re missing which ought to refine our search.
What if thats the point.
Each will have their own journey?
What if it's setup so that no matter what if you stick to 'one history' it will point to the same locstion?

Greek, Norse, Egyptian.... Each has it's own path (to travel) before ending at the (same) destination.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Jorki Rasalas