CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Sep 26, 2023
#31,634
Darrack said:
Ive been sat in my old Annie at Freeholm for the last few days re reading Legacy (i like to follow Elite storys in game if you get what i mean).
I did spend a lot of time here previously but will have a complete re scan of everything once more over the next few nights.
One thing i did notice in the book was on page 219 and his reference when describing the Majestic Class ship as 'Toroid'.

O7
Toroidal is approximately like a donut. So, with that in mind a toroidal shape would be the ring. This is perhaps why the running assumption has been the Orbis station (that and both Peter Jameson and Jaques were die-hard Feds).

P.S. They're the same character. Peter just fakes his death in approximately 3200. See "..All that Glisters" and the fact Peter's Wreck and Peter's Base is in Facece (first Coriolis). Facece is therefore formerly known as Vetitice. Further suspected aliases are Augustus Brenquith (founder of Pilot's Federation, colonized Human space, and designs Saud Kruger Astrogation Console used in all ships), Raffe Zetter (same injury as Jaques), Timothy Brewer, and Jordan-Blakestow and/or sculptor Amita Gutamaya. Yes, St. Peter Jameson was and still is a very busy soul (though given his estimated age there is the possibility of him being the Guardian AI in humanoid form). For unknown reasons, the first game used the term "humanoid" a lot.



Majestic-Class Interdictor
The Empire has always gone for opulence, style and quality with no expense spared. Their capital ships are not just warships, but also serve as roving embassies or giant yachts for their wealthy and powerful owners. Internally they are luxurious, at least in those parts used for entertaining...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com

A short Orbis with solar panels which is closest to the mythical TDW station. A good example is Harvestport in Kappa Formacis.



Orbis
The Orbis Starport evolved from the oldest station design having originated during the early years of the Federation and persisted over the centuries with minimal changes.[1] Actually though, it is newer than the Coriolis design.[2] It is a common sight in both well-established and...
elite-dangerous.fandom.com

Edited due to overzealous auto-correct.
Attachments
AFriend_Frontiers.pdf
25.4 KB · Views: 132
Last edited: Sep 26, 2023
Reactions:
Rochester, simulacrae and Darrack