El Saico
Sep 25, 2023
#31,629
Rochester said:
Well there’s so much these could relate to. I don’t presume to know the definitive interpretation, but considering several hypotheses the following is my logical extrapolation.

Firstly there is the actual tour; does every stage of the tour highlight significant content built by Brookes?

Are these locations all connected or singular, representing a number of story arcs Brookes built?

Personally I’ve come to interpret - through comparison, the first stage likely points - due to its intersection, towards the Lost Realms area, which is filled with systems linked to Robert Holdstock, similarly also referenced in the Raxxla Codex!

The other sections I have no clue about, likely equally so…

Does the text align with anything?

Certainly it could be interpreted…

Firstly we have the reference in the tour to M Brookes book ‘Legacy’ and then the peculiar celtic burial method of its character ‘Hammer’; an obvious portrait of Brookes himself…and likewise another reference to ‘Trinkets of hidden fortune’, that book holds a few direct quotes linked to this quest too, namely it names Raxxla (directly) and it discusses a children’s story…because of these I presume these tours only cement ‘legacy’ further to the quest.

Then in the final memorial we have a direct John Milton Reference tied in with Raxxla.

This quote describes John Miltons model universe, a pendant world, hanging from a golden chain. A jewel which burns, similarly to the text used in the Codex.

In short these tours certainly hold some secrets. Personally I feel it’s at least confirming the existence of Raxxla, it’s also giving us a push into the Lost Realms zone… it’s giving us a physical description of what Raxxla might be, eg similar to John Miltons Paradise.

Namely a solid spherical shell whose apex was described as holding an aperture, a portal, an omphalos rift; in Paradise Lost it led to Heavens gate. In two of Brookes commissioned artworks said gates were very prominent…

This same Eden is talked of in Holdstocks Lost Realms, as a primordial Lost Realm… personally I feel it confirms this hypothesis…

What the rest of the tours relates to is an unknown.

Part of the tour points to Delphi; very likely this could just be a reference to the Thargoid narrative, but does the ’Raxxla’ story continue on directionally towards Delphi or is it visa versa, there is not enough data in my opinion to support this, however there is in reverse…

At Delphi we have the oracle and we also have Donars Oak… an Axis Mundi and a World Tree metaphor,

In Holdstocks Lost Realms and other works, such as Ragthorn, said World Tree concepts sat upon an Axis Mundi. In Celtic mythology which permeates much of Holdstocks work, said location was a doorway to the otherworld… this is the basis of Holdstocks Lost Realms book.

Personally I believe this points us back to the Lost Realms sector, because there is a great World Tree in this sector spanning hundreds of light years, namely ‘Yggdrasil’ which sits directly over the system Axis Mundi… around it various systems exist denoting the concept of an Otherworld…

So personally I believe the tour is a directional clue, as to if each stage relates is an unknown.

Your guesses are as good as any, please roll out some tin-foil and let loose. But in my humble opinion FD has thrown us a bone here.

Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'


Post in thread 'The Quest To Find Raxxla'


The points on Artemis by @Jorki Rasalas do shine some new light on the Brookes tour destinations. Let's revise them:
Tourist Spot 0507 Freeholm Victory, Artemis - AKA HD 16270, HIP 12110, GJ 1048; right at the border between the Cetus and Fornax constellations, but officially belongs to the former. Seems to be a repurposed beacon, given the numbering.
Tourist Spot 0746 A Brilliant Pairing, Beta Sculptoris - Part of the Sculptor constellation, as the name implies. Anything of note in the Elite lore?
Tourist Spot 0747 Life Beyond Earth, Synuefe CI-J b42-3 - The odd one out; only Stellar Forge-generated star in the tour and located in Guardian space.
Tourist Spot 0748 A Rare Warmth, Taygeta - AKA 19 Tauri, one of the Pleiades. The description of the escape pod filled with tokens to honour Michael strongly reminds me of the Trinkets of Hidden Fortune.
Tourist Spot 0749 Surrounded by Wonder, PMD2009 48 - Part of the Orion nebula. Explicitly talks about Raxxla, quoting Milton and the pendant world.
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian, simulacrae and Rochester