Raz Griffin
Nov 19, 2023
#32,096
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Is this lore-locked until a story unlock or can it be overcome? Is the lock similar in functionality to a regional permit. Even knowing there is a way and we don't understand enough yet may be significant.
Best my squad could get from them was "there's a Regor permit in our system but we cannot give further info about this permit". If you guys feel like asking to see if they give more bits i'd love to know further answers.

Louis Calvert said:
I recently suggested that maybe the Regor sector isn't the Guardians origin point, but more like a Colonia-style expansion (because it's too small). If they like hot stars, then colonising Gamma Velorum (assuming it has a terraformable world) might make sense, but...

The main reason I'm interested in this is that I have speculated in the past that the Guardians used the "Omphalos Rift" to colonise our galaxy. This would adequately explain why they're apparently limited to a relatively small region of the galaxy despite their advanced technology, superior FTL, population pressures, long life, and 8,000 years of spacefaring before their end. Maybe Wolf-Rayet stars are important to the Omphalos Rift, not specifically to Guardians...
A planet's temperature is not dictated by its star's temperature but mostly by its proximity to the star and its atmosphere. You can have a really hot habitable planet orbiting closely to a brown dwarf and a really cold orbiting a WR from a big distance.

And by the way, we cannot overlook that both systems have other stars:



So Guardians didn't exactly need to live under a WR. Most guardian structures are near brown dwarfs just like the one in Gamma Velorum and, although not as often, K-type stars like the ones in Hen 2-333. We really can't tell until we look at the system.

Still, Gamma Velorum not being their home world is an interesting theory. A few questions should be answered though, why would they go that way? Why create so many structures and expand their FTL network in the vicinity of GV? The other guardian "bubbles" are much smaller and dont contain structures just ruins. Because of the thargoid war? If so there's no other known evidence to support the conflict other than Trapezium and Wregoe BUY-2 sites.

Emperor said:
Unless you have something with you?
We've tried a ship fitted with all guardian modules without success and iirc with guardian items on the cargo hold too, but i'd need to confirm that. Our theory is that this region has some kind of repulsive field to thargoid-like hyperspace tech, which is a dead end since we cannot use other type of drives in the game.
Reactions:
Louis Calvert and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian