Machina Ergo Sum
Sep 4, 2019
#11,812
yelboc said:
The codex toast cries myth at 100dB with its wording, and yet every mythology has been tried as a start to no avail. This is partly because there is too much ambiguity - overlapping myth tales - even different versions of the same myth. That's why some balk at using this as a hook. For myself I think we fell at the first on the toast with the 'mother of galaxies' - I'd have said that that ruled myth out on the basis that myths all predate the concept of a galaxy, but given the clumsiness in the universal Carto Codex entry where 'Omphalos Tech' was redacted out after being misleading, I'm not so sure..

We know all the official ED books are Canon. Every things else is speculative - even the DW novella. As for Alien Worlds - is it the 'childrens story' in the codex? Maybe - who can tell - but a bit tough for those who don't have a copy or don't speak English.. It doesnt fit the 'Princess Astrophel and the spiralling stars ' anyway (neither does Philip Sidney fit 'a childrens story')



DW may not know where R. is (I'm sure he doesn't) but if FD gave him some thing to include in his books (- don't worry about it - just work it in) then he'd be under NDA not to tell us and quite right too. So its possible any of the canon books contain things of interest dropped in by request. Of course DW is open to doff his hat at us if he knows better and can say so

What you say is interesting in that they stopped everybody chasing for GR, but haven't told us we're wasting our time - some small comfort?
Click to expand...

Yes well, absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. All I can say is mythology will lead you a long way and then sift out the finer details with science. In fact, that is really what mythology & religion is, a lower level of science before we had codified rules, better facts and better equipment to help us peel back the edges of the fog. Even though Gan Romero or the Winking Cat is not interact-able, it should still make sense. Well at least for how I approach the story anyway. Perhaps it is confirmation bias for me but with incomplete information, sometimes we need a leap of faith.
Reactions:
Six6VI