Jorki Rasalas
Nov 6, 2022
#27,694
There’s
Thatchinho said:
There’s a flaw in the logic here, as it presupposes that the discovery of Raxxla is the only thing which could lead to the rumour of Raxxla.

The Codex equates the legend of Raxxla to those of Atlantis, El Dorado, and the Kingdom of Prester John.

I think a good test of the logic is to consider an equivalent phrase to Art Tornqvist’s, but with any of the above substituted in for ‘Raxxla’, and then consider what conclusions would be drawn about the discovery of the aforesaid places in that scenario.

(Or to put it another way, if we’re going off the codex, I don’t think we can ignore the part of the codex that implies that the rumour of Raxxla didn’t originate from Raxxla being discovered.)

That’s not to dismiss the rest of the analysis by the way. It’s absolutely an avenue worth exploring. We just need to be careful not to draw conclusions which might not be valid.
Click to expand...
There’s a huge flaw!- the hypothesis is based on the premise that the rumour of Raxxla was caused by somebody actually physically discovering it! Which is not necessary, nor likely given the fsd ranges of the time (7ly or less).

I pointed out a couple of pages ago that IMHO it is more likely that an astronomical anomaly was discovered which gave rise to the rumour. Somebody may later have physically discovered it & perhaps that gave rise to TDW (e.g. legendary explorer Augustus Brenquith, who may have reported the discovery in his message crystal found in Sol). The “Mother Gaia” faction might actually be the “mother of galaxies” and a hint to the Gaia astrometric space telescope which IIRC launched in 2013. Say the anomaly was detected circa 2016, then 2016-2296 is plenty of time for a report of an astronomical anomaly to turn into a rumour. Even without any physical discovery.

That potentially false premise (that the short fsd range of the time implied Raxxla must be near Sol) misled me for a long while. But there is a hint in the codex that the astronomical anomaly hypothesis is the way to go.

And David Braben loves astronomy!
Last edited: Nov 6, 2022
Reactions:
Louis Calvert