CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 6, 2022
#27,698
Jorki Rasalas said:
There’s

There’s a huge flaw!- the hypothesis is based on the premise that the rumour of Raxxla was caused by somebody actually physically discovering it! Which is not necessary, nor likely given the fsd ranges of the time (7ly or less).

I pointed out a couple of pages ago that IMHO it is more likely that an astronomical anomaly was discovered which gave rise to the rumour. Somebody may later have physically discovered it & perhaps that gave rise to TDW (e.g. legendary explorer Augustus Brenquith, who may have reported the discovery in his message crystal found in Sol). The “Mother Gaia” faction might actually be the “mother of galaxies” and a hint to the Gaia astrometric space telescope which IIRC launched in 2013. Say the anomaly was detected circa 2016, then 2016-2296 is plenty of time for a report of an astronomical anomaly to turn into a rumour. Even without any physical discovery.

That potentially false premise (that the short fsd range of the time implied Raxxla must be near Sol) misled me for a long while. But there is a hint in the codex that the astronomical anomaly hypothesis is the way to go.

And David Braben loves astronomy!
Click to expand...
Your 7LY claim is based on Faraway and the first game. Specifically, Faraway does not not exist until almost another 500 years (during the 2800s) after the Raxxla myths emerge. We also don't know how close to the first known rumors Raxxla discovery happens. The "Logistical Nightmare" beacon in Beta Hydri specifically mentioned fuel scooping. I am personally inclined to believe hyperdrives circa 2230 onwards are hydrogen fuel based with fusion core engine like modern FSDs. Further, the only real limit here is fuel tank size in terms of jump distance. I would be hesitant of any claims of 7LY hard limit. Also, Sidewinders of that era were not warp capable and followed the ship they escorted through the hyperspace rift using something like FSD wake scanner. Further, there are rumors of positively massive hyperspace jumps before Elite Dangerous so jumponium and FSD super-charging was likely a thing. Remember, Lavian Brandy has always been aged in Oak barrels from Earth. As such, statements by a known propagandist (Dr. Hans Walden) should appropriately be questioned.

Lavian Brandy per INARA/in-game description

A highly valued liquor from the old world of Lave. Using ancient breeds of grains grown in its tropical climate under a permit from the government, the distillate is kept in old Earth oak barrels and held in an orbital maturing facility for decades to achieve maximum richness.

This rare good is legal in all systems except for Prison Colony systems and Federal and Alliance Theocracy systems.

Official Hyperspace lore of Elite Dangerous
(YouTube)