Louis Calvert
Nov 7, 2022
#27,700
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian said:
Your 7LY claim is based on Faraway and the first game. Specifically, Faraway does not not exist until almost another 500 years (during the 2800s) after the Raxxla myths emerge. We also don't know how close to the first known rumors Raxxla discovery happens. The "Logistical Nightmare" beacon in Beta Hydri specifically mentioned fuel scooping. I am personally inclined to believe hyperdrives circa 2230 onwards are hydrogen fuel based with fusion core engine like modern FSDs. Further, the only real limit here is fuel tank size in terms of jump distance. I would be hesitant of any claims of 7LY hard limit.
I agree, I've never found in-game evidence of a 7ly jump range - that would be too easy!

To be honest we have virtually no (in-game) information on any FTL system other than FSD. We know the broad types and functions, but early Hyperdrive (pre-Faraway, which is what we're talking about here) gets about 3 lines of text stating that it exists, is slow and inefficient. It could have been anything at all, a warp drive, mass-cancelling field, BSG-style instajump, wormholes, etc. etc.

I'll just mention this:
"Hyperspace technology originated in the early 22nd Century, but it wasn't until the 2800s that consumer ships began to take advantage of it.... The first commercially available hyperspace system was known as the 'Faraway Jump'... It was around this time the phrase 'witch-space' first appeared, reflecting the inherent dangers of early hyperspace technology and the strange 'corridor' a ship travelled through during a hyperspace jump."

If the term 'Witch space' didn't enter public use until the 2800's then that does imply heavily that prior to the Faraway/quirium drive ships didn't make use of "witchspace". People don't wait 500 years to invent a term for something that's commonly know about.

Remote Detection is really likely the more I think about it!
To feed into @Jorki Rasalas' point from a few posts back about remote detection, we know there were FTL probes even before human-capable FTL ships. Probes were used to scan systems (confirmed by the Tau Ceti info), even some of the generation ships mention using probes to search systems ahead of them (though presumably non-FTL versions). That means the basic tech to send an unmanned probe to "scan" for habitable worlds and valuable minerals existed long before FTL.

So, I suppose it depends what Raxxla is - or what the Raxxla Art Tornqvist was talking about was, more specifically.

Is this maybe the clue we're supposed to take from the mention of Tau Ceti in 2296?

Raxxla was either:
a) small, hidden, secret, cold, non-exotic so that it didn't show up to Probes, (found only by on-foot exploration by sentient minds), or
b) detected by probes, and whoever owned that data was the first to find Raxxla as @Jorki Rasalas pointed out.
c) not there to be found by probes, and only found later by explorers?

Although if c) then honestly no clue means anything other than "Dark Wheel knows where it is" since if it moves it could be anywhere at any time...

... It's behind you right now!... oh no, too slow, it went before you looked
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian