Louis Calvert
Nov 6, 2022
#27,692
Thatchinho said:
There’s a flaw in the logic here, as it presupposes that the discovery of Raxxla is the only thing which could lead to the rumour of Raxxla.

The Codex equates the legend of Raxxla to those of Atlantis, El Dorado, and the Kingdom of Prester John.

I think a good test of the logic is to consider an equivalent phrase to Art Tornqvist’s, but with any of the above substituted in for ‘Raxxla’, and then consider what conclusions would be drawn about the discovery of the aforesaid places in that scenario.

(Or to put it another way, if we’re going off the codex, I don’t think we can ignore the part of the codex that implies that the rumour of Raxxla didn’t originate from Raxxla being discovered.)

That’s not to dismiss the rest of the analysis by the way. It’s absolutely an avenue worth exploring. We just need to be careful not to draw conclusions which might not be valid.
Click to expand...
Totally agree, as I suggested earlier I believe the Codex entry is simply telling us that Raxxla isn't one thing, or that it's not always been the same thing - like El Dorado or Atlantis, and Prestor John: Things that don't, and have never, existed, but they're composites of different myths that get rolled together and re-told.

I suppose what I'm wondering about from looking at Art's original entry is whether there's a through line between Raxxla now and Raxxla then. I suppose: is there a connection beyond simply the name?

Is the fact that Raxxla existed in the mythosphere before 2296 hinting that it's the same as the Raxxla of the 3300 mythosphere? "are the seekers for Atlantis in 2022 looking for the same thing as the Atlantis of 300BC?"

@Allen Stroud that's really useful info was there plans for a printed history book? That would have been amazingly cool! I remember reading the future history timeline in the Frontier Elite 2 manual. I enjoy this but I always sort of wanted it in a book, like some relic that fell back through time, Grey's Sports Almanac style!
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian