CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Nov 7, 2022
#27,699
JT442 said:
Just because there are a few new guys around now, here is a list of things which I personally collected in the codex / ranks / permits, etc. Being triple elite, carrying the badge, having no bounties, max rank in everything (except CQC for me), visited all of the tourist beacons (although more have been added in the last year or so). It was two years' work, and amounted to nothing, as expected. Just to save you from feeling you have to do it.... Over the years, we've published a fair amount of Raxxla/lore digging, and most of it ended up in this mega thread somewhere! We've investigated Holdstock, Braben, Stroud (hi...), and spoken to several of the authors directly.

I know its a horrific thing, but please read this thread. don't go over old ground, and above all, if its not in the game, its just rumour!

Click to expand...
@JT442 I am pleading with you and the entirety of the Elite Dangerous community to let the old myths of separation die. Let them be mourned and let them go quietly. It is time to finally move forward as one singular community united in cause - to serve and protect humanity (in whatever form the story development allows). The old myths have served their purpose, as they were the lesson we needed to learn (that everything is ultimately united). If Lavian Brandy has always been stored in oak barrels from Earth, then what Walden said was some form of misdirection. But, it isn't even just that - the Lakon Spaceways codex states plainly they are older in pedigree than most ship manufacturers having originated at Earth (the Type-6 Transporter is the proof of that). This is all purely in Elite Dangerous itself without any external sources (though those also back up the claims in Elite Dangerous). Please, let the idea of separation die. It was to teach us a lesson that not all is as it seems. Elite Dangerous is a true sequel to all the games. I should know better than most as Gateway is proof of that (since it has been known by Oltiqu and Hope alternately based on the planet there). I never wanted to hurt CoR or the player-base but we have to face facts and move onwards. We have an existential threat coming (Stargoids), perhaps it is time we treat the totality of the past as a lesson and move onwards.
Last edited: Nov 7, 2022