Louis Calvert
Dec 11, 2023
#32,461
Jorki Rasalas said:
I've just returned to game to do the Michael Brookes (author of Elite: Legacy) Galactic Memorial Tour & find it strange that it starts in Artemis with a megaship named "Legacy" (with a decal saying "Raxxla Ho!") and ends in PMD2009 48 at the TB by the Orion Nebula Tourist Centre....there is a system named "Legacy" only 20ly further on- one might say "And fast by"!
the golden chain might be the string of 2Mass stars pointing back towards Sol?
That's an interesting find! All the nearby systems that have names seem to be named for astronomers or that ilk.

I also went there after I saw your post (it's a short hop from the bubble as things go). As you said, not really anything to find, but it is curious. I do think you're also quite right in pointing out that the line of stars there that runs through the Orion nebula is very much could be described as a "golden chain".



A mythological something that stirs wonder among every spacer, this undefined myth remains elusive. But experienced pilots will tell you: If anybody knows the way to Raxxla, Michael Brookes does.

And fast by, hanging in a golden chain,
This pendant world, in bigness as a star
Of smallest magnitude, close by the moon.

Emperor said:
So many of my idle investigations have pointed me to the Orion Nebula area in one way or another over the years but never anything concrete (not sure what I was looking for!)...

I've also assumed if it's out that way then that would most likely indicate Raxxla is locked off behind a permit... mmm... has it always been locked? would someone have gone out there early on for the view and honked?
The whole areas was locked around 2017, so yes, for many years people could and did travel there, it was quite the tourist destination
Emperor said:
But there has been a lot of effort in naming star systems out there and all to do with space, astronomy, astronauts, etc from memory.... I tried bookmarking them (before the number was increased) and ran out quite quickly...

Ah...here's a list I did... always thought all of it would be being a bit obvious...

The Quest To Find Raxxla
The use of the term Shibboleth: a custom, principle, or belief distinguishing a particular class or group of people, might have been used to identify a specific name within that system… Its moon is interestingly named Kyllikki, which as @simulacrae identifies, might refer to a character from...
Click to expand...
Not sure if you've/anyone has visited them all recently, but this is a very handy list! I'm going to go visit a bunch around here and see what's what, very cool idea
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and selbie