CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian
Dec 12, 2023
#32,475
Louis Calvert said:
And there's all the other stuff I said about how the Shamash/Thetis signal doesn't seem to match with anything in the Codex, and all the stuff about relativity and the Thetis being overtaken by FTL-capable ships as per the lore, etc
In the logs for the Venusian, the generation ship is overtaken by supercruise capable vessels. The FFE journals shed more light on this and supercruise was jointly developed to expressly take out generation ships.

JOINT VENTURE ON ASTEROID DESTRUCTION
J.F.

After the success of the Institute of TTT on Atlantis (Canlada), it is heartening to see that the Federation has Been persuaded to join the Empire in another joint venture. The Deep Space Detection Group is designing new methods of finding, pursuing and destroying asteroid sized objects in deep space. These objects are normally difficult to track simply because space is so big. Using advanced sensors developed in the Imperial laboratories our scientists can already track objects out to the fringe of the Oort cloud. Unfortunately beyond this point the plethora of targets confuses current techniques, and as many of the so-called Bubble-arks are already within the clouds, it is thought that Federation processing techniques might improve matters.

Our scientists are willing to share the important part of their research in exchange for the minor improvements brought about by Federation involvement because the Bubble are a threat to all mankind. We have had our differences and even wars with the Federation.

This does not mean that we cannot co-operate when a disease like the Bubble-arks needs eradicating.

JUMP TECHNOLOGY IMPROVED
J.F.

Based on a proposal initiated from the Palace itself, new methods of speed matching by ships in near-system space are being developed by the Imperial navy. Current jump technology means that rendezvousing with conventional vessels moving at steady one G acceleration has proved difficult. Progress is being made and before long any vessel in Imperial space can expect to find itself boarded no matter what evasive action is being taken. The Empire cannot afford to allow pirates or Bubbles to operate with impunity within our borders.
Click to expand...

So, the short version of why there aren't 70,000 generation ships - a large number were successful and a large number were destroyed by both Federation and Empire working together.

Generation Ship: Venusian | Canonn Research Group
Venusian is an abandoned Generation Ship that can be found in the Kitae system, 2,532 Ls away from the Main star, in the direction of the Zephyrus system.
canonn.science
Reactions:
Louis Calvert