selbie
Dec 12, 2023
#32,471
Jorki Rasalas said:
"And fast by, hanging in a golden chain, This pendent world, in bigness as a star Of smallest magnitude, close by the moon."

John Milton Quote
And fast by, hanging in a golden chain, This pendent world, in bigness as a star Of smallest magnitude, close by the moon.
www.azquotes.com

I don't like poetry (or mythology)...it's fuzzy! I think the quote is ambiguous - the size would not logically be comparable to a level of brightness (normal astronomical meaning of "magnitude") so it's potentially talking of smallest physical size of a star,
i.e. a singularity, a Black Hole!

This could be the Omphalos Rift, a BH through which we travel to Raxxla (instance downloaded from server when the BH is entered).
Click to expand...
That is the nature of riddles, they are always fuzzy until you have the right eyes to see the answer
BH is certainly one way to interpret it, but connecting the Rift with a BH is a leap of logic as well - it assumes the beacon message is talking about Raxxla itself and not the location or vicinity where Raxxla resides - or for that matter the first breadcrumbs we might start following to find it. As the Beacon states, MB knows "the way to Raxxla", so it sort of implies this clue as a path to get there. Take for example the Dark Wheel codex entry about their station being located at the 8th moon of an unknown gas giant - perhaps MB is hinting at this moon's location and not directly to Raxxla?

Also bigness does not always mean physical size - it can be an amount, or greatness, which can be related to something other than size, like brightness in this instance.
Thus from my earlier theory - a star with a small value of magnitude. A supernova can be temporarily bright, and produces nebula.

If I turn the BH idea on its head a little: It could be a structure orbiting 'fast by' (closely) containing Raxxla suspended within (pendent world). A rift-like mechanism would likely harness immense power to operate it - so perhaps the Raxxla structure exerts the same kinds of energies as a black hole?
Last edited: Dec 12, 2023
Reactions:
Louis Calvert, CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Jorki Rasalas