Jorki Rasalas
Dec 12, 2023
#32,469
selbie said:
I like that interpretation, quite literally hanging in a chain of 'golden' stars.
In addition to that you reminded me that the Orion Nebula has a very torc-like appearance at certain angles. It reminded me of the fire/amber coloured Brísingamen and other torc jewellery.


The nebula aspect of it also connects to the codex as all galaxies had originated from molecular clouds collecting together - ie. the Mother
Similarly - "in bigness as a star" could also be interpreted as being the expelled mass (bigness) of a star after a supernova.
Perhaps the nebula can be a frame of reference / scale for the pendent world which would narrow the scope down immensely.

I wonder then if the last line is MB pointing to a specific moon within this region or, like I was theorizing earlier, a star of smallest magnitude (ie. the brightest star [jewel] within the nebula)
What is like in game?
Click to expand...
"And fast by, hanging in a golden chain, This pendent world, in bigness as a star Of smallest magnitude, close by the moon."

John Milton Quote
And fast by, hanging in a golden chain, This pendent world, in bigness as a star Of smallest magnitude, close by the moon.
www.azquotes.com

I don't like poetry (or mythology)...it's fuzzy! I think the quote is ambiguous - the size would not logically be comparable to a level of brightness (normal astronomical meaning of "magnitude") so it's potentially talking of smallest physical size of a star,
i.e. a singularity, a Black Hole!

This could be the Omphalos Rift, a BH through which we travel to Raxxla (instance downloaded from server when the BH is entered).


WRT the above mention of astronomer names- I did a system search 40ly sphere from Legacy system in Orion Nebula and found quite a few named systems. Seemed to me to be mix of astronomers and space pioneers, (Valentina) Tereskova was female, not sure about others. Did think that some were definitely IIRC used as crater names, & a crater would resemble an Omphalos...
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Emperor