Jorki Rasalas
Dec 1, 2021
#24,916
Thought the old Advanced System Scanner detected all astronomical bodies within a system? Of course many people in the early days of the game went out exploring with only a Basic or Intermediate scanner, and found orbiting bodies by Mk1 eyeball (I remember it well! MB didnt like the Advanced scanner , he thought it made it “too easy”). But yes, poi are only detectable within 1000ls, and sometimes you have to drop into an asteroid belt etc to detect something. The FSS makes things a little easier, but still cannot detect some objects, such as megaships in asteroid belts!

I am always surprised when people assume that Raxxla is going to appear as an astronomical body, with that name, on a system scan. It makes absolutely no sense for FD to implement it that way. Firstly it would be too easily found, secondly it would be disappointing, and thirdly the search would be open to data mining exploits. It is much more likely that Raxxla only exists on the FD server until some trigger is hit which causes it to be downloaded into the player’s machine. That trigger event, I think, is the “Omphalos Rift”, but I think that is also most likely disguised as something quite ordinary, which most pilots would ignore. That is why it still has not been found. We now know that Halley’s Comet is in the Sol system in ED, but its taken 7 years to find it!

The documented date of first rumour was 2296, only 4 years after the founding of the Republic of Achenar (139ly from Sol), which is likely a hint at the likely range for Raxxla. Quirium wasnt invented until 2482 on Lave, almost 200 years after the first rumour. So the early automated probes that “were sent out to hundreds of systems during the 22nd Century” had very limited range. Seem to remember quirium drives only had around 7ly range. I got my pilot’s licence in 3302 and my first few ships were limited to something around 26ly (ah, I remember well the fun of getting out to and exploring the Formidine Rift with that jump range!). So I am convinced Raxxla will be found within or close to the bubble, at a maximum range of around 140ly from Sol. That first rumour date was given to us for a reason!

Going back to Halley’s Comet, it seems that it can be detected by an exploit (dangerously close to data mining) which I wont discuss. It seems very strange that there is no in-game means of finding it, and other comets like the two in Pareco. These bodies don’t appear to show on an FSS scan. So is there an in-game mechanism (other than flying around blindly until we get within 50km at slow speed when it will blip up on the left hud display) that can be used but we haven’t found yet??

Edit: and why did FD implement in-game comets which cant be detected?? I can understand their graphical display in-game being a problem for the early game releases though with the particle effects that came in around Horizons release, and with the DSS probes, that should be easily overcome. Might be low in management/commercial priority so they were put into the Stellar Forge but not implemented as such in game? However isn't Sol a hand-crafted system? And I suspect Pareco is also, with six stations all orbiting a comet. SO the Pareco implementation seems almost to highlight their existence without FD explicitly saying so, perhaps as a clue? I’m wondering if this comet mechanism is too close to the Raxxla/Omphalos implementation?!
Last edited: Dec 1, 2021
Reactions:
Exekrator and Han_Zen