Jorki Rasalas
Mar 20, 2021
#22,184
clavain said:
All Quiet on the Orion Nebula, Running Man, Flame and NGC 1999 fronts, but Witch Head is crawling with Thargoids (and the Alliance of course). Other than the Alliance or other human activity, I wonder if there is some actual scientific similarity between California, Pleiades, Witch Head, and Coalsack Nebulae? (and possibly the locked nebulae also) that is drawing the Thargoid presence? Or is it just because of the evil human baddies expanding there? (Are we the baddies?). Why are there no lengthy Thargoid logistics lines/presence back to their home areas, or signs of them travelling from there at least? Do their witchspace routes only take them to certain nebulae? Another last thought for the night - Thargoids coming up from Orion way might be Oresrians, those coming from Coalsack way might be Klaxians? Or vice versa. Oh, and Raxxla. I'll get back to that at some point. Maybe after a quick trip out California way tomorrow, and then back via the Aquila Rift to finish up with Jorki's Great Rift theory. Oh, and because I want to get Beyond it. Heh heh. (already was but it is still a great pun).

Well, we attacked them first (this time! Can’t speak for first war but I suspect same then). We were the ones who raided their mining sites (barnacles). We (well, stupid Alliance) were the ones who arbitrarily started to terra bomb their homes (Ammonia Worlds) in Coalsack. So yes, we’re the baddies. It seems there was (perhaps it’s still there?) a monitoring mechanism for humans befriending/feeding Thargoids, which would have demonstrated humanity’s attitude to them and FD could have changed the narrative, but clearly that wasn’t necessary. Perhaps the real purpose of UA/TS was to provide humanity with something which we could have fed back to the goids to start friendly relations? I did say strenuously (probably in the old Canonn threads) back in 2015/16 that there was no clash of interests between goids and humanity so no need for a war, then Meta Alloys were found and pirated....

Yes, it may well be that to date we have encountered Oresrians and now we’ve upset the Klaxians and will reap the results. I noted that the pic of the Hesperus Goid seemed to have “Velcro loops” on its back which I hadn’t noticed before and wondered if it was a new type/faction. Hence my interest in pix of the Goid logos. I suspect if we can get some we’ll see some differences. We need intel!! Though I suspect the Hesperus pic was from near BL since the early Adamastor logs mentioned Azimuth had a secret base out that way & I suspect Hesperus was destroyed there, wish I was better at star pattern matching! Surprised nobody’s found it yet! Are Canonn all on lockdown? They’d normally have found it by now.

I suspect goids don’t have supply lines as such, which will make fighting a guerrilla war against them rather difficult. I think they travel in hyperspace directly between Nebulae sites, because barnacles are sown there to harvest the minerals present and manufacture MA. Might be that a preponderance of star types is necessary for that process-might be interesting to analyse the star type ratios in each of the nebulae we know of.

Happy journey on The Dark Rift! Can’t remember offhand all the parts I visited, they were listed on Wikipedia but that seems to have disappeared. I think one on the list (Barnard 78?) wasn’t named in-game but seems to be the bowl of the pipe neb, but Lupus, Lupus Dark Region, Aquila, IC 4064 (reflection neb, with GCS Sarasvati), Pipe (bowl and stem), Ophiuchus, Coalsack, Snake, and Musca etc all are. I’ll try and remember to check my route and update this if I’ve forgotten any (likely!). But must get back to DIY today, I’ve had two days off......

Edit: I spent the time doing an orbit of Sol in the approximate orbit of Pluto & at its distance, just in case ‘spinning on the outermost orbit” meant the orbit of Pluto (outermost edge of Solar system when game released & Raxxla inserted); found nothing, no “asteroid cluster” appeared in left hud, but with no orbit line for Pluto I’m sure I wondered off course. And then I signed up for the Duamta station CG...

Edit2 : my Dark Rift survey trip included Corona Australis and R Cra nebulae- just seen yesterday’s Galnet which reminded me. If I’d known that’s where Serene Harbour was I’d have paid a call (clandestine, think I may have forgotten to pay my bar bill on my last Empire visit! )
Last edited: Mar 20, 2021
Reactions:
Exekrator, Vetinari, clavain and 1 other person