TrillClinton
Mar 20, 2021
#22,199
SpocksOddSocks said:
Well... when I hear the word brow without it being preceded by "eye", the first image I get IS of a forehead rather than the eyebrow area specifically. When used poetically, I think that's often the intention of it.

If stirn is being used in the German translation, I suspect it is to convey that same image. It may or may not be a relevant clue, it just be that the writer of the toast, or the translator felt the same as I do about the word brow, as used in English.
As stated in my original post i also see it more as a refrence to a central point of something, but IF you tried to visually find or by meaning decipher the "eyes" it would make a big diffrence if you aligned for the brow (more linear) or the forehead (triangular). Just keeping options open.

I agree that it propably just refrences a central (maybe brighter than usual) point in a constellation of some sort, that either is or can be connected trough mythos to the creation of atleast a few galaxies.
Ravenl0ft said:
So from the definition we are discussing we can have a assumption like this:
View attachment 213698
as @TrillClinton mentioned the definition of brow should be taken as forehead, not eyebrow nor the other meanings. I wonder how it could be interpretted from other languages? I know a lot of cmdrs speaking Spanish and Russian, may be they can enlight us about the Raxxla codex interpretation in their language?
I personally tought about it as either being right on the browridge between the eyebrows, or the center of the forehead, right in the middle between hairline and eyebrows.

Being aware about all the diffrences in translation would help to find out which parts of the toast are more literal and had to be carried over 1:1 and which are more vague concepts. As an example the parents grief and lovers woe are defined, clear refrences to either myth, history or art and from what i see even the diffrences in spanish are just a choice of taking the first or second translation result for a word. The mother of all galxies is more vague and that jewel is all over the place, this makes me think that the mother is a grander concept to be understood, in order to find the center and with that the more literal "jewel".

Of course there are language barriers in translating, but assuming the toast has some importance, it had to be written with all the info you need to solve it in any language (or atleast i hope). If it turns out the texts have these consistencies in being vague about certain and literal about other things, we'd know the priority of key words, which would maybe help in solving the toast (if possible).
Reactions:
Ravenl0ft, clavain and [PS4] Filthymick420