clavain
Mar 20, 2021
#22,187
Jorki Rasalas said:
Yes, it may well be that to date we have encountered Oresrians and now we’ve upset the Klaxians and will reap the results. I noted that the pic of the Hesperus Goid seemed to have “Velcro loops” on its back which I hadn’t noticed before and wondered if it was a new type/faction. Hence my interest in pix of the Goid logos. I suspect if we can get some we’ll see some differences. We need intel!! Though I suspect the Hesperus pic was from near BL since the early Adamastor logs mentioned Azimuth had a secret base out that way & I suspect Hesperus was destroyed there, wish I was better at star pattern matching! Surprised nobody’s found it yet! Are Canonn all on lockdown? They’d normally have found it by now.

The old aliens threads are all dead, most of them haven't had a post since January and the mysteries thread hasn't had one since September last time I looked. Pretty sad. Maybe the Canonn are hoarding everything on Discord or somewhere else now.

Jorki Rasalas said:
Happy journey on The Dark Rift! Can’t remember offhand all the parts I visited, they were listed on Wikipedia but that seems to have disappeared. I think one on the list (Barnard 78?) wasn’t named in-game but seems to be the bowl of the pipe neb, but Lupus, Lupus Dark Region, Aquila, IC 4064 (reflection neb, with GCS Sarasvati), Pipe (bowl and stem), Ophiuchus, Coalsack, Snake, and Musca etc all are. I’ll try and remember to check my route and update this if I’ve forgotten any (likely!). But must get back to DIY today, I’ve had two days off......
[...]



Edit2 : my Dark Rift survey trip included Corona Australis and R Cra nebulae- just seen yesterday’s Galnet which reminded me. If I’d known that’s where Serene Harbour was I’d have paid a call (clandestine, think I may have forgotten to pay my bar bill on my last Empire visit! )

Been through Lupus, Musca, Coalsack and Coalsack Dark Region already on the way out here, so going to do a loop and go back around through Aquila and as many of the others as I can, then pay Felicity a visit. I don't hold out much hope, my FSD was already engineered by her to the max some years ago, and pretty sure I sold her data then from some of these areas (by chance). Will see what is going on by then but may head back out here in time for the launch in case anything unlocks, or head to Sol perhaps.
Reactions:
Vetinari and [PS4] Filthymick420