CyberTribe
C
Jan 5, 2019
#4,955
Hanerib said:
recent notes...

Consider Shinrarta Dezhra analogous to Elysian Fields, the blessed afterlife of the heroic and righteous, then Founders World would be the Fortunate Isles, reserved for those "judged as especially pure enough to gain entrance to the Elysian Fields all three times" Wikipedia, on greek mythology of Fortunate isles.

Han_Zen's mention of the Royal Stars leads to an exciting Wikipedia adventure of ancient astrology and history of thought. The four corners of the world, and the four winds, are present in a wide variety of mythological systems. Through ancient Iranian worldview, semiotic parallels, ending in Slavic folklore. Here we have yet again another secret paradise island, Byuan, and another 'omphalos', the mysterious stone of Alatyr, from whence healing, life-giving waters flow, a primordial navel of the world, symbolised by an eight pointed star. And again we are to witness the familiar symbolism of a bird and of a serpent, guarding the mysterious center of the world. Or is it an eagle and a snake? Perhaps a griffin and a cobra. (And the cuboctahedron?)

Also take notice, there are other Renascence literature written by Sir Philip Sidney, where "omphales" and Delphi are mentioned. One such delightful journey is The Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia. Perhaps there is the key to the Polaris, not locked off by the Pilots Federation. Mentions of fixed stars are again present, of course. While not a native reader as you have noticed, I do enjoy reading such archaic, old english, merely a student of languages, I can hear some of the intonations and Scandinavian influences.

Perhaps it is some sort of a masterplan to steer us off from the entire Steam library of meaningless games, into, along with some coffee, reading these things, spare some practise of flying spaceships in semi newtonian flight simulation. Braben being present as a npc pirate, trying to steal players' water purifiers, only does to confirm this.
Click to expand...

Looking for clues without knowing where exactly to look for them)))
There's also another "Astrophel", which is some kind of a post-mortem tribute to Sir Philip Sidney.


While on my way to Formidine rift been reading elite wiki and codex articles, and 'v got some more tinfoily ideas:

In Raxxla wiki article there's a part which says
According to Rafe Zette, a trader of old, there are already people on Raxxla. They've long suspected that a corps of elites live on Raxxla who exploit the gateway. They're powerful and twisted men who hire assassins to kill people who threaten their dominance.

Connect it with all that "The Club" story, and my guess would be that Raxxla really is "The Club"'s base of operation.
Last edited: Jan 5, 2019