Rochester
Nov 12, 2022
#27,844
Louis Calvert said:
SPOILER: DISCLAIMER



Saturn-Raxxla connection (Expanded): The Mimas Report

Omphalos can also refer to a mountain: (Source):

Saturn (Cronus) is intrinsically linked with Omphalos (:


So, may also be a mountain. Or a mountain right in the middle of a massive circular crater... A mountain caused by an impact on a moon of Saturn, for example. Such a place exists, friends!, and it has a very famous appearance:


(it also kinda looks like a wheel...)

Mimas' big crater and mountain ():

We know from that Fdev seems to be aware of the decisions they made with Saturn (i.e. probably not an accident that Mimas isn't there). Which means... is this a clue!


Maybe nothing. Maybe it was simply the place where Hyperspace was first developed, a secret test facility. Maybe the impact that caused the crater was actually some gigantic ancient alien spacecraft that was passing our system 4bn years ago... Maybe the asteroid that hit Mimas contained some rare mineral that was vital to Hyperdrive research...

Whether or not Mimas was linked to the Raxxla myth doesn't matter much. Maybe "" was intended to be a part of the narrative deeply linked with Dark Wheel missions. Maybe that didn't work out, so later they decided to create codex clues to it so people would see it's missing and question it rather than being pointed there by non-existent missions. Who knows!





Basically "Look for Mimas around Saturn" - if we're going with in-universe explanations from the DW graphic designer explaining it: "It depicts the location of the Omphalos Rift project base"

It's not the end-point of the puzzle, .

It's the reason the prototype Hyperdrive was called the .



looking to exploit the mineral rich moons of Saturn discover a derelict alien ship, long dead. Perhaps this alien ship was simply crashed on Mimas, perhaps it was actually the cause of the massive crater that nearly destroyed the moon.

Li Qin Jao reverse engineered the alien FTL systems to develop a . Li Qin Jao enjoyed ancient mythology and considered the crater with the massive mountain in the centre where the ship was discovered, the idea of creating a new 'axis' around which humanity would pivot, working in his labs around Saturn, contemplating ancient Greek mythology in the naming of things... He called the alien hyperdrive project "Omphalos Rift".

Project Omphalos Rift eventually developed into , but before that there was years of research and development...

Early test pilots using the Omphalos Rift engine working for Li Qin Jao reported a .


These brave test crews/pilots probably had a high accident rate - just like in early aviation history and jet-fighter development. Possibly a group of early test-pilots experienced a misjump that didn't kill them, but it did give them a glimpse of something wonderful, mystical...



This directly ties in with what Jasmina Halsey experienced in 3302 when Starship One misjumped: “”

These survivor test-pilots, surely picked from the brightest and best, Elites you could call them, would never forget what they'd witnessed...


I did a whole article on it for Sagittarius Eye way back when it happened. Starship One misjumped (due to sabotage, but that was revealed years later). Months later former President Jasmina Halsey's escape pod was recovered...

She spent a while in hospital, then gave a :


Later she gave a more organised address :

She later issued a public request for exploration data from across the galaxy to substantiate her claims of meeting "the true architects of creation", and that data revealed the presence of Guardian Ruins. That was essentially seen as the "answer" to Halsey's visions - and her visions are in the Guardian section of the Codex for this reason.

But the Halsey story continued. . She left the Federation, joined the Alliance, started doing peace work and set up a lot of aid stuff, and she's now tacitly re-joined the Federation working as an ambassador to the Alliance working towards peace.

I think it's extremely likely that this was a clue to Raxxla, as well as helping us find Guardinans. Jasmina experiences a Hypserspace accident and comes away talking about seeing visions of "a place of extraordinary beauty. A paradise. It was truly wonderful.... a glimpse of something very real." - this was never found, but people passed this off as 'she was seeing the distant past of the Guardians'.. maybe she was, maybe Raxxla was actually Guardians, but... what if that wasn't the right answer?

Compare Jasmina Halsey's experiences with these lines in the Raxxla Codex:


The common connection here is, again, Hyperdrives and Hyperspace - exploration and discovery.

This explanation covers the myth of Raxxla existed in the earliest days of human travel. Those early test-pilots saw the same thing as Halsey, then went on to form The Dark Wheel to search for it. Codex: "The quest for this mysterious place...was said to be the principal aim of the Dark Wheel..."

It's been over a thousand years since Raxxla was first seen by those early test pilots that became the Dark Wheel...


This one needs some explaining.

As I've laid out here I think "Omphalos Rift" is just another name for Hyperdrive technology, maybe the first "alien" drive system that was used to build our own.

The "gateway or tunnel" matches with and our own experience of using FSD:


Perhaps Hyperspace remains "poorly understood" because we didn't develop the science to build the technology to access it, we leapfrogged that bit by using extant alien technology.

The Negative spaces in the hexagon that sits behind the Raxxla logo could easily represent tunnels/paths, maybe even the Faraway Jump's "branch lines". It can be seen as a geometric one-point perspective representation of a tunnel too, as shown below, which can be read as graphical representation of the same witchspace tunnel we travel through even today.




I think the Raxxla logo is literally a representation of the idea that Raxxla's mystery is inherently tied to Hyperspace.


Given all this, I think Raxxla has been intrinsically linked with Hyperdrives/Hyperspace. Interestingly if this idea is correct that our Hyperdrive has always derived from alien technology, there's some strangeness to explain:

:

:

says Effie Ratling was comparing the Thargoid drive to late-stage Quirium drives (3150s). Ram Tah examining the Guardian data (3300s) was comparing Guardian Hyperdrives to current FSD.

To explain why neither alien Hyperdrives are similar to ours, the easiest explanation is that Ratling was comparing Thargoid drives to Quirium drives (our original Hyperdrive tech, possibly based on the as-yet-undiscovered Gaurdains' crashed ship), and Ram Tah was comparing the Thargoid-derived FSD with Guardian drives.

The Mimas "Omphalos Rift" drive could well have been alien species entirely, which is also an interesting possibility!

(NOTE: Non-Game sources derived from Fdev material do say that FSD is derived from Thargoid technology captured by INRA and eventually developed and distributed by Sirius as FSD - but I don't think that's actually ever explicitly stated in game. I do think there are extremely strong hints in game that this is the case, but until it's in-game I can't use it).

Thargoids obviously can interact with FSD jumps (and anecdotally Quirium jumps too) and have been confirmed to "". Ram Tah has managed to make Guardian FSD boosters for us. I think it's safe to say that "Witch Space" is Hyperspace, and there are many different ways to access it and use it, but they're all . An alternate/parallel dimension if you will...




I still think the Codex points towards Delphi by connection to the Omphalos, but I think that's a red herring. Follow that and you'll end up embroiled in the cool Thargoid story and will have fun there, so it's like a consolation prize really rather than a dead end.

It may well also be connected in terms of Hyperspace. We know Thargoids are way better than us at Hyperspace stuff, so if you'd followed the Raxxla clues to Delphi and maybe come to the conclusion that it had something to do with them, you'd be right because I'm sure in future we'll get a better understanding of Hyperspace through them - if Raxxla hasn't been found by then, I'm sure Fdev can include it in a future Tharogid-related story arc if they needed to.

Researchers activated the alien Omphalos Rift drive and the moon vanished into Witchspace, or it shattered and dropped into Saturn, or fired off across the system, or the drive imploded and swallowed the moon into a micro black hole that's still there, or the Dark Wheel have enough influence to erase it from our ship's systems these days. Doesn't matter really, the fact that it's is the clue.
Click to expand...
A nice bit of foil.

What did happen with Mimas? It is a space oddity as it’s a very famous Sci-fi reference, both for Arthur C Clarke 2001 and Star Wars, not less it’s significance with the Voyager probes, then there’s the absence of Saturns hexagon too, peculiar since thats been known of by the early 80s but never in game?

If FD omitted such elements it could only really highlight a glaring level of general ineptitude; or one would hope logically, an intentional design?

There are a lot of ‘errors’ relating to Sol. Maybe it merits a detailed list of every missing body known in 2014 and compare them against known bodies in say 2016, is there a glaring disparity, if so bring this to the attention of FD and ask why said bodies aren’t in game when some are? Ir were added later!

If it’s a bug where would FD want our collective tickets, save we jam the support boards!

Source: https://youtu.be/5WFCjnPNixM
Last edited: Nov 12, 2022
Reactions:
CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian and Louis Calvert