Jorki Rasalas
May 6, 2022
#26,192
Rochester said:
It’s an unknown.

But there is a link on the first page of this thread concerning it. There was a missions update around that time. That could have caused some technical issue, although I presume it was bugged from the outset, as many Cmdrs who undertook the missions fed back data to these forums, and none of them seem to correlate or resolve into anything.

Add on top of that a major overhaul of lore circa 2016/2017 around the same time, one can only guess. But one hypothesis is it was bugged, likely it was some narrative story which couldn’t be fixed so FD binned it. If true that would explain the Codexes obscurity and befuddling counterintuitive nonsense, in my humble tin-foolery, I presume the codex is a ‘clean slate’ re-write / get out clause, and from its inception, Raxxla was either fixed, or put back in albeit somehow differently, but truth is no one really knows.

It is a important however as it throws shade at all information about Raxxla prior to that date, because FD confirmed they removed them, and in doing so potentially changed something, so all previous information about Raxxla could have become obsolete as well.

However one must also take some comfort from the fact that FD never confirmed this until only recently, and only under direct scrutiny/cross examination; so if they were not wanting to admit it then one could assume that all previous lore regards Raxxla is still valid, as they kept quiet about between 2017 and 2021?

One could take comfort from that?
Click to expand...
I cant see DB implementing Raxxla and then not testing it, so I doubt if it was bugged.

I think it’s far more likely that the SD missions were removed because
a) they did lead to Raxxla but too many people were getting into SD too quickly and DB wanted to make it harder to find, or
b) (and I think this is by far the likeliest possibility) they realised too many people were placing faith in those missions, which were red herrings, and FD didn’t want a player backlash about it. Raxxla is, after all, DB’s baby.

I think the latter possibility is likeliest because we know DW in SD are not genuine, so how could they be offering missions to lead us toward Raxxla? Moreover some of those missions were clearly PF-originated as they were missions targeted against DW in Shinrarta. Which then leads to the possibility that PF are the Real Dark Wheel? On the face of it that seems a little confusing but we are told in the SD tourist beacon that DW is a faction within the PF; however we also have at least 3 different factions within PF, as denoted by the original (now redacted on the SD tourist beacons) different spellings, which I think Rochester got FD to confirm were not a mistake-hence it seems to be logical that the Real Dark Wheel is one of those PF factions with the different spellings. Since we can ally with two (PF Local Branch missions in SD, and killing goids or rescuing passengers from burning stations) then it follows that a third variant is the key. FD hinted to Rochester that not all factions were necessarily in-game at the moment. Hence perhaps there is still a storyline to come to get them in-game.

However I seem to recall DB or MB saying Raxxla could be found by chance, so TRDW are not essential.

To me the worrying possibility is that FD are monitoring our search and perhaps taking steps to make it harder to find!! Why correct the TB spelling variants if they were intentional hints? I like a puzzle, and this is a difficult one, but I hate moving goalposts!
Reactions:
simulacrae, Macros Black and Rochester