Rochester
May 6, 2022
#26,193
Again how much was actually installed and actioned in game, and what was truncated.

Source: https://youtu.be/rOYhoFYIWmw


This statement certainly describes the meaning behind the name of the game (not the wrongly assumed ‘there are no rules go kill all noobs’), but DB does iterate it was also an intended in game mechanism; and I did at some point think, maybe this could relate to the whole ‘factions within factions’ / ‘wheels within wheels’ represented by the PF?

Is it simply - everyone is accepted at the start of the game (that would explain the test description in the manual), or as DB alludes it reflects some test in game, when you actually reach Dangerous, that’s when you get the test?

But then you have the DW codex, which goes some way to allude said test cannot be detected, then you have the assumption (based off FD feedback) that the DW faction / invite is currently not in game?

I do believe FD altered something, either intentionally to simplify it, or just removed it completely.

If memory serves FD later edited the elite missions after launch so that these could be seen and undertaken by anyone, as prior to that you had to reach a certain rank / become correctly allied…

I always look to the lowest common denominator, so to me it just means - it’s not in game and just describes the name of the game and it’s just a method to speed up accessible elite missions… it’s inconsistent, and likely evidence that the initial launch version of the game had some very poorly written mission dynamics or it was overly obtuse.

Post in thread 'I'm curious, what do you class as 'playing the game''
https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threa...class-as-playing-the-game.418733/post-6570302

Yet I always come back to this. I always suspect FD originally established something in game that would drive the narrative/s, but they got overlooked, so rather than simply communicating it better, they undertook the ‘tech’ approach and just nerfed them.

This makes sense to me because originally Galnet / station news was intended to identify events, and FD later established community development teams.

I do presume FD originally wanted the ‘narrative’ to be gradually unlocked through missions, when someone discovered something then FD unlocked/inserted something… but likely they underestimated players abilities and just nerfed the whole thing, then we began seeing community development and FD pudding towards ‘better’ communication; certainly I feel initially their approach was to be far more ‘hands off and just let the players find things’?

I do feel the original narrative for Raxxla was in game but FD removed it, likely either because it was bugged; poorly designed or very likely far too easy.

They then never communicated that they had done this.

When initially questioned they simply said, it’s still active in game. By all intent and purposes it alludes that something IS in game.

FD then (when politely pressed) admitted those missions were removed.

So thinking positively one can assume Raxxla is indeed as FD initially alluded IS in game, but the original method of finding it was scrubbed.

I feel it’s simply - out there waiting to be found. I do have doubts, based on my experience and the MO of FD to utilise narrative.

An assumption is there are no mechanisms to unlock it, and the codex was introduced to provide a clue to the sphere of influence, based off the Tau Ceti dates, but also effectively overwrite previous game mechanisms or errors.
Last edited: May 6, 2022
Reactions:
simulacrae, Crimson Echo and Macros Black