Rochester
Apr 7, 2024
#33,804
Jorki Rasalas said:
Mmm, if I read PL correctly then Satan and his legions were expelled from the North side of the Empyrean, where their rebellion started, so Fall should be on the North side and placed at the level of the Empyrean floor. I'm now suspicious of the Greek Winds Compass- it seems to be totally at odds with the axes of Miltons cosmos...Boreas/Notus seems to be vertical!

And if Raxxla is Milton's "pendent world" how long is the "golden chain/staircase"??

Yeah there are certain aspects which don’t seem to gel, I’ve always tried to establish this, again I ask Cmdrs to challenge my assumptions, I’m making links based on a level of assumption with very little information; and trying to weigh these up to assess a level of probability…

I think the Greek compass makes sense but - I’m from a creative background and used to thinking and interpreting abstract concepts, I’m also scientifically trained so my clinical mind is always looking for logical alignments, it’s conflicting, but allows me to make creative leaps when faced with intelligence gaps or seeing patterns in random data… but I always hold that some of it may be pattern bias..

I also wonder if in game there is a tiered construct in place… this would fit certain concepts of Milton’s PL. Also it explains why no Norse underworld locations aren’t in the Greek underworld, except those linked to an ‘outer world’ or denoting the ‘edge of the world’…

It’s a big 3D construct that I know is difficult to perceive, and it’s reliant upon the use of numerous cultural aspects, which I believe is intentional, but likewise very clever, otherwise it would be very obvious.

Again I put it that this is all architectural and probably not supposed to be seen in this context. That’s why I wonder if Raxxla is the philosophers stone, and it actually helps us (in game) see this construct?

I’m used to seeing such data as I come from a ‘mapping’ background with years of experience, so I can see the design; Im used to mentally handling layers of relationship data…. If it’s correct this is astonishing. If ifs not then I’ve totally lost the plot…and that wouldn’t be such a bad thing, I’ve enjoyed the ride.


Last edited: Apr 7, 2024
Reactions:
Bushido Brown and CMDRCorrMorningstarFelian