Thatchinho
May 28, 2019
#8,247
yelboc said:
Thargs weren't in the Gamma, so that goes against the 'Raxxla was in game since the Gamma' quotation, though we don't know exactly when the thargoid stuff was seeded in.
Well... it doesn't really matter in this context though - Thargoids have been part of the game since '84. And they've certainly been in ED in lore terms since day 1. When current assets were added to the game is kind of irrelevant. And for all we know Raxxla might have been made as a Thargoid asset in the Gamma - we just don't know.

yelboc said:
Our current hyperdrive technology is based, I beleive, on Thargoid tech which is where we get 'witchspace' from. So whisper in witch-space etc. is relevant.
The term witch-space drastically predates out current hyperdrive tech. It's from the early days of commercially available hyperspace travel, and is associated with the dangers of it at the time and the belief that hyperspace was haunted by the ghosts of ships/people that went into hyperspace and never emerged back into normal space.

yelboc said:
I was always curious why it was that they took such exception to us invading the Pleiades and why the super-powers were so very keen to protect our expansion there and to begin a war with the Thargs. Could just be power and the promise of meta-alloys, I guess. Maia is an interesting place and the recent changes to the names in that area including Delphi is curious given the codex entries at the same time.
Hmmm... took such exception? If we just take the Pleiades situation on its own and ignore all the stuff that went on beforehand, I'd say that they were pretty tolerant. Meta-alloys are what the Thargoids use to make their ships and tech, and as it's all bascially living, then Meta-alloys aren't just normal materials, they're essentially what for us would be food and water as well. If the situation was reversed, humanity would have considered the actions of the Thargoids an act of war and retaliated with force far earlier then they did.

Of course, there's all the stuff that happened before to take into account so the whole situation is a lot more murky!

Exactly what the superpowers are up to is difficult to say, but it's worth bearing in mind that they're collections of people not single entities and what some of those people knew wouldn't be known by all, and some actions may have been as a result of a lack of knowledge as opposed to as a result of knowledge. It's also worth bearing in mind that various Thargoid things were put under heavy military protection - that may have been the superpowers making sure only they could exploit those things but it could also have been them placing them under general protection to stop anyone interfering with those things.

Plus it's not just the superpowers of course...
Reactions:
PeteACarter