yelboc
May 28, 2019
#8,253
Thatchinho said:
Well... it doesn't really matter in this context though - Thargoids have been part of the game since '84. And they've certainly been in ED in lore terms since day 1. When current assets were added to the game is kind of irrelevant. And for all we know Raxxla might have been made as a Thargoid asset in the Gamma - we just don't know.

The term witch-space drastically predates out current hyperdrive tech. It's from the early days of commercially available hyperspace travel, and is associated with the dangers of it at the time and the belief that hyperspace was haunted by the ghosts of ships/people that went into hyperspace and never emerged back into normal space.

Hmmm... took such exception? If we just take the Pleiades situation on its own and ignore all the stuff that went on beforehand, I'd say that they were pretty tolerant. Meta-alloys are what the Thargoids use to make their ships and tech, and as it's all bascially living, then Meta-alloys aren't just normal materials, they're essentially what for us would be food and water as well. If the situation was reversed, humanity would have considered the actions of the Thargoids an act of war and retaliated with force far earlier then they did.

Of course, there's all the stuff that happened before to take into account so the whole situation is a lot more murky!

Exactly what the superpowers are up to is difficult to say, but it's worth bearing in mind that they're collections of people not single entities and what some of those people knew wouldn't be known by all, and some actions may have been as a result of a lack of knowledge as opposed to as a result of knowledge. It's also worth bearing in mind that various Thargoid things were put under heavy military protection - that may have been the superpowers making sure only they could exploit those things but it could also have been them placing them under general protection to stop anyone interfering with those things.

Plus it's not just the superpowers of course...
Click to expand...

Re: witch-space: I guess I was referring to its reference in the original 1984 manuals - thargoids being in witch-space, being hyperdicted as we call it now. Would need to go rifle the manual to get referecnes, but not at odds with your comments. Lore on hyperdrive tech is a bit jumbled - Drew suggest we go only on the ingame references.

I agree the Thargoid thing is curious - whenever I meet one, I sit tight, and never get attacked - the only exception was tharg scouts, but that may be due to a guardian frame shift booster on my ship. I got the impression that FDEV gave us a choice of fight or cooperate and depressingly we chose the fight story line..

But really the question is why the thargoids chose to seed the barnacles there in the first place? There is so much going on in that region of space, that it's probably a good place to hide stuff..

There was the business with Palins research - things that the powers wanted to hide - were they just protecting people from the existence of a hostile alien race? A bit like the ministry of magic and the return of voldemort.. ' The Thargoids aren't back - honest ! '

Anyway - were a bit short of straws to clutch at, so anything goes Maia is top of my list at the moment when I get back from the middle of nowhere in particular (sigh)