Suhurrat
S
Nov 17, 2022
#27,929
Rochester said:
Good analysis, but like everything here it’s open to speculation.

There are various sources (some very recent) in this thread that have ruled out various fictional books, such as those produced by ED approved authors in so much that FD told them directly to not involve Raxxla so one could rule those out?

However that doesn’t rule them out exclusively because FD could have appropriated some of them, cherry picking elements for their own narrative, but it’s an unknown and in my opinion highly unlikely.

We know from the lore guide author Allen Stroud, that although CEO David Braben was not concerned with the work of Holdstock, the original Producer Michael Brookes and lore guid author Stroud were, so at most we can presume some context has had an influence, how much is an unknown.

Some of us suspect FD changed the original DW / Raxxla storyline circa 2016/2017 and in my opinion some, if not all of the historical statements made by FD may now be totally irrelevant, archived or re-purposed; this potentially limits our source material to only the .

At most, we can presume the codex is the primary source information from which we can start, all other information sources (like you have pointed out) are in my opinion ,

The codexes in my opinion potentially identify a number of concepts:

The old DW missions/invite are archived (proven true).
The DW station may be in game, location is unknown.
Tau Ceti is relevant.
2296 is relevant.
The Omphalos mythology is relevant.

Hypothetically the DW codex might be applicable to Raxxla if the station is found, but it’s possible it’s just an Easter egg, at present it’s an unknown.

Tau Ceti and the 2296 are interesting because they do draw an area of influence around Sol. Your data concerning various stars needs in my opinion to correlate to this area.

Question: do they triangulate, does their presence draw a shape, do they encircle an area, are they concentrated (hotspot) in a certain sector of the area of influence?

This area of influence is drawn from simple logic, but also practical temporal mapping practices. This area also correlates to other ‘arcane’ elements, indicating a strong possibility this area is intentional.

The Omphalos element if viewed simplistically, points us to the system of Delphi snd the Pleiades. Again how do the systems you identify correlate to this area, or the area between Delphi and Sol?
Click to expand...

The correlation is very interesting.
Personally, I started from the Alien World book by gradually applying the data we already know from the game itself.

As I pointed out above, almost all events are somehow related to the gaming lore that is now closed to a bubble. All books from the DW as well as information sends us from Tau Ceti to the left side out of bubble. And we have Alien world. If we imagine for a second that the book has at least something to do with the game. Then, according to the descriptions, it can be understood that events occur plus or minus on the right side of the bubble.

99% of the titles in the book are somehow connected with Egyptian mythology. And if we look for stars or systems related to Egyptian mythology, then we will get a whole heap around the bubble +- in the bubble itself.

Since it is impossible to lay an exact path, you can rely only on an approximate region. If we compare the anagrams of the names of Egyptian deities and the history of astronomy, then in principle it is clear that Egyptian astronomy was: much earlier than Greek. However, the Greek one formed the basis of the modern one. Also, let's not forget that all astronomy is based on observation from the earth. And this means that there is a constant displacement.

Here is my best skills in paint.




So if we back to Greek Mythology, omphalos of delphi and all of this stuff.

Again. It's just my theory. Well, or I've already earned space madness. =)

The fact that people are hooked on Greek mythology is understandable. But a lot of people clung to the stellar component. I'm looking more at interpretations. For example Omphalos Rift. We know that Omphalos is a stone according to the myths.

However, the myth itself consists of several parts.

The first part is about Zeus: the god Zeus, in his attempt to locate the center of the earth, launched two eagles from the two ends of the world, and the eagles, starting simultaneously and flying at equal speed, crossed their paths above the area of Delphi, and so was the place where Zeus placed the stone.[1] Since then, Delphi has been considered by Greeks to be the center of the world, the omphalos – "navel of the Earth."

There is also a myth about the god Kronos (Egypt) aka Chronus (Greece).

Cronus learned from Gaia and Uranus that he was destined to be overcome by his own children, just as he had overthrown his father. As a result, although he sired the gods Demeter, Hestia, Hera, Hades, and Poseidon by Rhea, he devoured them all as soon as they were born to prevent the prophecy. When the sixth child, Zeus, was born, Rhea sought Gaia to devise a plan to save them and to eventually get retribution on Cronus for his acts against his father and children.

Rhea secretly gave birth to Zeus in Crete, and handed Cronus a stone wrapped in swaddling clothes, also known as the Omphalos Stone, which he promptly swallowed, thinking that it was his son.

Omphalos stone looks a lot like thargoid sensors and probes. And FSD looks a lot like thargoid sensor. Dont forget that Sirius Corp the creators of FSD, as we know according to the already modern lore of the game, are well versed in alien technologies and sculpt anything based on them.

And as we know from these stories, one stone was given to Chronus, the second stone rests in Delphi. So...Delphi Pleiades Sector. A very active place for the events taking place. And we have Chronus. Because there is no Chronus sys. in elite, we have another name of Chronus - Geb from egypt myth.

Yeah we have Geb system.

Everyone rested on the fact that Omphalos Rift is a kind of artifact somewhere on the planet. But it seems to me that this is just the name of the effect. Not an object. The meanings of the word rift are gap, breach, split, crack.

Which leads me personally to the idea that Omphalos Rift - it is necessary to read as it is. Omphalos Rift - Breach - Gap - Split - Crack.

What can cause gaps in space? FTL and FSD engines

If we build theories further: let's pull the toast of the wheel by the ears. (insert meme about here we go again)

To the jewel that burns on the brow of the mother of galaxies.

Many believe that this is due to Cassiopeia based on Greek myths. I believe that this is more of a mythological component. The image of the mother of all galaxies. In all mythologies about the creation of the world, there are direct references to the Milky Way. And the only stone that can "burn" is either a star or a black hole in the center. This is not a direct indication of where to fly, but rather an aphorism pointing to black holes or pulsars. Because pulsars are also stars.

To the whisperer in witchspace

Thargoids.

the siren of the deepest void

Black hole or pulsar.We can charge FSD from pulsars. But in those days there were no FSD except for rare prototypes.

A black hole or wormhole. All the ships and all the engines that in the old games and lore, that in the new lore and the current game, punch a tunnel from point A to point B, by creating a wormhole.

The parent's grief, the lover's woe, and the yearning of our vagabond hearts.

In fact, it can be interpreted as a description of adventures. Adventures or odysseys if you refer to Greece. But here we mean the term itself - adventure or path. And how its feels.

All the adventures and all the paths were near the bubble.

Also, let's take into account that not in the first not in the second elite there was no fsd. And according to modern lore, they appeared only in 3297. Before that, there were prototypes. Modern FSD tunnel to the right star and form a wormhole.

So do the thargoids, who open a wormhole and jump into it. So are the capitals.

Let's not forget that lore was retconned.

The main thing is that we (little men) jumped. Yes, these jumps were not for 30-50-100 light years, but only for 0.20-0.30-0.50 . But a wormhole was created in the same way. For everything else, relativistic acceleration was used.

And it was very easy to get lost.

Hence it can be assumed that someone in those days found a way to move faster than the engines allowed in those days.

Or you have created / found a device that allows you to jump very far. Further than modern fsds.

So this whole toast has almost zero value. Since it literally describes: let's drink to the cosmos, targoids, pulsars, and the desire to travel and thirst for discoveries.

The mythological component gives much more accurate clues. We need to find the Omphalos stone. This is most likely either a device, or a technology, or something else, as it was at one time with the Guardians technologies. And this technology or device will allow us to open a rift. Omphalos Rift.

Will it lead us to raxxla? who knows.

The main thing is that everything in lore revolves around thargoids and guardians. And therefore, my personal opinion, it is necessary to continue to look for everything that is connected in one way or another with them.

And of course, do not forget that many many players jump from point a to point b, skipping hundreds of systems. It is also very common to jump in the same plane when there are systems both at height and in depth.

So i guess: there is something near the buble or inside that will open a rift to something.

The only question is whether there is anything at all.
Reactions:
Rochester and Louis Calvert