SongOfTheVoid
Nov 17, 2022
#27,934
Suhurrat said:
My theory is that, most likely, as developments for the elite, all available material was involved. Accordingly, we can roughly assume the location of certain objects. The fact that the siren in the depths is an 80% chance pulsar. Perhaps there should be something near the pulsar or in the system. But do not exclude black holes. Because in a system with a black hole, there may be third-party objects, including pulsars, although holes emit waves. In other words, it is worth looking at the central star and then at the filling of the system. In any case, at the moment that the targoids that the guardians, at least all and the main points next to sol.
Most of your observations are indeed correct including people wasting their time chasing esoteric or mythological aspects.
The Siren in the deepest void like all the other sayings has multiple meanings but without understanding each part of the quotes related science/meanings people will never get it, Cygni-X3 observations are correct though missing mentions of numerous aspects on what makes those star systems special, how many their really are ingame also. I believe until people realise you cannot ever just "Fly to some system and look around" and find it few will make any progress... They are assuming many things with this assumption mainly that it has a fixed location in space/time.
Please be aware the Galmap lies to players and has always and likely will, Systems have a grading system in which they can be 'Renamed to a generic RNG name and a RNG system given their name', 'Hidden from Visibility in the Galmap', 'Hidden from Visibility and Name hidden until searched for manually', 'Hidden appearance and name', Hidden 'Server Permissions' Flag not PermitLock (The game checks to see if yourve triggered X or Y global trigger, if not and you try to jump to system anyway the game crashes).
When you understand that the galaxymap undermines your ability to find things, it becomes clear this is intentional but unlike the masses who go "It must be nothing or not exist" yourll find 9/10 of systems claimed 'Not' to be ingame do actually exist ingame.
Reactions:
Suhurrat and Rochester