GURU-951
Sep 7, 2020
#18,685
A few things, including those original Dark Wheel missions.

1. Mission #2 "Obfuscated on the outer rim" (The Call to Adventure).
The Call To Adventure is the first step of the Hero's Journey mono-myth as presented by the worlds leading mythologist, Joseph Campbell.

2. The Omphalos was known as the World Naval, and we find the World Naval at the center of the diagram.

3. The Belly of the Whale.
Tau Ceti is located in the belly of the Cetus constellation, the Sea Monster/Whale.
The Belly of the Whale is found on the road of trials within the diagram.
The trash compactor scene from Star Wars was their Belly of the Whale scenario for George Lucas.
In myth, Perseus kills Cetus using Medusa's head in his rescue of Andromeda.

"The temple interior, the belly of the whale, and the heavenly land beyond, above, and below the confines of the world, are one and the same. That is why the approaches and entrances to temples are flanked and defended by colossal gargoyles: dragons, lions, devil-slayers with drawn swords, resentful dwarfs, winged bulls. These are the threshold guardians to ward away all incapable of encountering the higher silences within. They are preliminary embodiments of the dangerous aspect of the presence, corresponding to the mythological ogres that bound the conventional world, or to the two rows of teeth of the whale. They illustrate the fact that the devotee at the moment of entry into a temple undergoes a metamorphosis. His secular character remains without; he sheds it, as a snake its slough. Once inside he may be said to have died to time and returned to the World Womb, the World Navel, the Earthly Paradise." -J. Campbell

3. "Raxxla is a deadly secret" -Codex
A critical part of a hero's journey is their journey into the Abyss, also known as the Void.
If the hero can survive it, they stand a chance of making the return to the world of the living with their major discovery, or treasure to be returned to their village, their city, their nation or the world.

So much hard data indicates this is about the Hero's Journey, a very personal journey.
This is not to suggest that there is not a map, or that it is Raxxla itself, just that is might be a possible foundational experience.
Attachments
myth_quest_model_04.jpg
77 KB · Views: 228
513+tfMWhtL.jpg
32.9 KB · Views: 250
Cetus-Sidney_Hall-Uranias_Mirror_FEA.jpg
35.4 KB · Views: 257
Last edited: Sep 7, 2020
Reactions:
simulacrae, Fiera, Dr. Lexus and 4 others