Han_Zen
Sep 25, 2018
#3,615
Jorki Rasalas said:
IRL there should be many rogue planets in the galaxy as gas giants migrate around a system during its development and can eject planets entirely, however if they were to be detectable, what would they be called in the nav panel? They would essentially form their own system but should not have a normal system name as that is based on the system’s main star category, not any planets therein. So it might be that FD put this object type into the journal spec to represent the “dark systems” that were mentioned in the FD-spnsored books, but haven’t implemented them. In his Oolite books DW had Raxxla as a rogue planet which appeared and disappeared (via witchspace) in other, normal, systems. Wasn’t it supposed to be in Lave at one time? It might be that FD implemented them in his way, with perhaps a very odd orbital inclination (always had a suspicion about one Maia orbit). The rogue might then be numbered normally in accordance with the rest of the system, but might then disappear leaving a gap. So one way to find them might be to watch for “holes”in a system’s planetary numbering& then start scouting around nearby systems; not sure if they could appear in a USS. We can’t get of witchspace except at systems so there is no mechanism for finding them in space between systems, unless they do have some numbering scheme that would allow them to be targeted in the nav panel.

I have no idea what a StellarRemnantNebula would be. A stellar remnant should logically be a black hole, neutron star/pulsar or a nebula, so perhaps this object would be a BH with nebula?

Crab Nebula is a Stellar remnant nebula, I think. It has a pulsar in the middle.

The list of RL rouge planets is just two long. Only PSO J318.5-22 and SDSS J111010.01+011613.1 are confirmed and not a possible brown dwarfs. Even SDSS J111010.01+011613.1 is an edge case, as it's very close to dwarf mass.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PSO_J318.5-22
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rogue_planet