Jorki Rasalas
Nov 26, 2020
#19,832
Someone raised Halsey’s last journey on Starship One, which had a rather mysterious element. Just checking back through Galnet & found:
Community Goal: Jasmina Halsey Appeals for Exploration Data
Since being discharged from the medical centre at Leoniceno Orbital, former Federal president Jasmina Halsey has repeatedly spoken about the allegedly transcendent experiences she had while drifting through space. The former leader purports to have seen “the true architects of creation” and to...
news.galnet.fr
Then
Freelance Report: Growing Demand for Halsey’s Exploration Data
A demonstration was held today at Leoniceno Orbital in Azaleach calling for the immediate release of all information submitted in response to former Federal president Jasmina Halsey’s appeal for exploration data. “Something isn’t right here,” said one of the demonstrators. “Mountains of data...
news.galnet.fr
(Don’t think that exploration data analysis was ever revealed-suspicious!)

Before the journey started we heard she was to visit several systems that included:Hip 53688, Tinia, Aleumoxii, 78 Ursae Majoris, Dietri, Su, Furuhjelm I-645, Saga, Delphin, Nanomam, Coriccha and Ross 860.
President Halsey Sets Out from Sol
The crowds were out in force on Mars today, as residents gathered to watch the presidential battlecruiser, Space Flight One, depart on the start of President Halsey’s tour of Federal frontier systems. For security reasons, the exact details of the President’s itinerary are being kept secret...
news.galnet.fr
The sabotage occured before she reached Saga.
Now I remember a post that Starship One had made an unscheduled secret diversion before the crash, and I seem to remember a diagram (@ Simulacrae??) of her route, but I couldn't find either in a Galnet search under Halsey or Starship One search phrases. Maybe the diagram is on my gaming PC-will look tomorrow.

The search for her wreckage was concentrated on Lyncis Sector, and in particular on the ON-T B3-1, ON-T B3-2, ON-T B3-3, ON-T B3-4 and ST-R B4-3 1 systems (https://news.galnet.fr/community-goal-the-search-for-survivors/)

“Weird pulsating alien things” (presumably UA/TS) had been found before the incident- was the sabotage in order to delay knowledge of Thargoids getting out? (https://news.galnet.fr/the-truth-is-out-there-2/) and
Federation ships had been transporting the artefacts through populated space (https://news.galnet.fr/federation-accused-of-cover-up-2/)

We now know that the ship was sabotaged (The Club?) on the instigation of Admiral Vincent. But there was a strange contender in the search for the wreckage-The Club or Empire or Winters?
Community Goal: The Search for Starship One
In May 3301, the personal vessel of the Federal president, Starship One, disappeared en route to the Azaleach system. An investigation was promptly launched, but the fate of the vessel and her crew, which included then-president Jasmina Halsey, could not be conclusively determined. In a...
news.galnet.fr
“Daurtu Jet Comms PLC, an organisation about which very little is known” (https://news.galnet.fr/galactic-news-federation-begins-analysing-wreckage/) was the other search CG backer.

There was also an intimation that unseen forces were at work manipulating events for some hidden motives (The Club!?)
Freelance Report: Game of Shadows
Various media outlets throughout inhabited space received an anonymous communiqué this morning. “The galactic community is in peril,” the message began. “They just don’t know it yet.” The transmission asserts a connection between Core Dynamics, the destruction of the Antares and Starship One...
news.galnet.fr

Reporter Elaine Boyd investigated the incident before allegedly committing suicide
Freelance Report: Following the Breadcrumbs
Imperial investigator Cornelius Gendymion has released a statement to the Prism Herald addressing accusations that Imperial agents were responsible for the destruction of Starship One. “It seems Federal Times reporter Elaine Boyd’s investigations are being ignored by her countrymen. You may...
news.galnet.fr
She had asked for (but was refused) information on a collision where investigators were killed
Two Dead in Tragic Accident
Two Dead in Tragic Accident Two people died in a crash when a personal transport collided with a Lakon Type-9 Heavy transport vessel. The small ship, a type used to run between orbital facilities, was destroyed in the impact. The small vessel was ferrying two transport safety officials to the...
news.galnet.fr
Reactions:
Fiera, Dr. Lexus, Macros Black and 6 others