CMDR Zulu
Nov 27, 2020
#19,834
Jorki Rasalas said:
Someone raised Halsey’s last journey on Starship One, which had a rather mysterious element. Just checking back through Galnet & found:
Community Goal: Jasmina Halsey Appeals for Exploration Data
Since being discharged from the medical centre at Leoniceno Orbital, former Federal president Jasmina Halsey has repeatedly spoken about the allegedly transcendent experiences she had while drifting through space. The former leader purports to have seen “the true architects of creation” and to...
news.galnet.fr
Then
(Don’t think that exploration data analysis was ever revealed-suspicious!)

Before the journey started we heard she was to visit several systems that included:Hip 53688, Tinia, Aleumoxii, 78 Ursae Majoris, Dietri, Su, Furuhjelm I-645, Saga, Delphin, Nanomam, Coriccha and Ross 860.
The sabotage occured before she reached Saga.
Now I remember a post that Starship One had made an unscheduled secret diversion before the crash, and I seem to remember a diagram (@ Simulacrae??) of her route, but I couldn't find either in a Galnet search under Halsey or Starship One search phrases. Maybe the diagram is on my gaming PC-will look tomorrow.

The search for her wreckage was concentrated on Lyncis Sector, and in particular on the ON-T B3-1, ON-T B3-2, ON-T B3-3, ON-T B3-4 and ST-R B4-3 1 systems ()

“Weird pulsating alien things” (presumably UA/TS) had been found before the incident- was the sabotage in order to delay knowledge of Thargoids getting out? () and
Federation ships had been transporting the artefacts through populated space ()

We now know that the ship was sabotaged (The Club?) on the instigation of Admiral Vincent. But there was a strange contender in the search for the wreckage-The Club or Empire or Winters?
“Daurtu Jet Comms PLC, an organisation about which very little is known” () was the other search CG backer.

There was also an intimation that unseen forces were at work manipulating events for some hidden motives (The Club!?)

Reporter Elaine Boyd investigated the incident before committing suicide
She had asked for (but was refused) information on a collision where investigators were killed
Click to expand...

Just some additional tinfoil to go along with this great write up. The announcement of Starship One taking an unscheduled detour for classified purposes was released in the one or two articles immediately following its disappearance. Hopefully this article links properly.

Galnet News | Elite Dangerous Community Site
community.elitedangerous.com

The timing of the article is very precise. I’m not sure if this emphasis on the time frame is indicative of a potential window of opportunity or not but interesting nonetheless. This is also where the unscheduled detour to Azaleach for classified reasons is mentioned.

Something that may or may not mean anything, the jump to Azaleach and the fact that Halsey’s sister is named Azalea. It could be something as simple as Halsey wanted to see a system named similarly to her sister hence the detour but why make that reason classified if that was the case?

This next bit of info is complete rumor and hearsay but I read that Rogue planets used to be implemented back in an Alpha and they’d rip you out of hyperspace if you jumped too close to one’s gravity well while going from system A to system B and a rogue was between the two locations before that mechanic was changed. Is this what really happened to Starship One?

Also the reporter that killed herself was not the only mysterious death around this time frame. At least one, maybe more, experts on the disappearance of The Highliner Antares met unfortunate deaths after Starship One went missing just as they were going to aid in the new disappearance, unless I’m misremembering.

Lastly, I distinctly remember an early dev video showing a dev jumping directly to a planet, not a star, not sure if it was shared here or elsewhere but I definitely think I’ll be taking some time to try to dig it up again.

Edit: I also forgot this: The original person of interest regarding Starship One’s potential sabotage is not the same suspect in the latest articles. Not sure if it means anything and I don’t have my easily searchable archive site anymore to find the articles mentioning the guys.
Last edited: Nov 27, 2020
Reactions:
Dr. Lexus, Jorki Rasalas, [PS4] Filthymick420 and 2 others