Jorki Rasalas
Nov 26, 2020
#19,822
Vetinari said:
Rogues - Whats them ones with the X - next to them, in binary orbit or whatever they are? What do we call them coz I keep thinking of them as Rogues? iirc proper Rogue Planets werent implemented, was dropped early on...maybe replaced by these X - ones, dunno.

Halsey - 2 parts to the story. First part human sabotage assassination attempt. Second part mysterious something maybe unexpected maybe alien maybe Guardian and this part is being re-opened so you may get your answers



There was a clever question on the AMA that basically said, 'Is it true that...' and one of those was that rumour amongst others. I was gonna ask a similar one coz thought this may be the way forward, 'Can you confirm that its official that....?' Answer 'Spoilers', they refused to confirm it was true and had been said by Frontier. So we may not even get that in this format.

BTW its moved from MB to 'an unnamed member of fdev', turned out MB wasnt actually there at the 'Private AMA' (which nobody else remembers even happening) after it was changed from the Public AMA after other people said it hadnt happened at all in that Public AMA, so that had to be recanted very quickly that it was MB and changed to 'unnamed', there is no evidence at all from anybody who was there at the time that anything was mentioned at the time. Nobody mentioned it until 3 years later and then repeatedly changed their story or said so and so will back me up and they didnt. There is no mention of it in any of the recorded accounts of the event at that time, and they did record their accounts of the event at the the time. More than one. Frontier have repeatedly refused to confirm it ever happened. There is no evidence at all it ever happened and quite a bit of circumstantial evidence that it didnt, mainly the complete failure to mention it in the days and weeks after in the write ups and streams about it by the person claiming it now and Frontier's complete failure to give it any credence whatsoever despite repeated askings. And in the whole context of the history of the secret of Raxxla it would be the single-most stupid thing anyone could say if you think about it.

I want to believe. But I want to believe in evidence. And I dont believe what the brain remembers coz ive seen too much evidence proving the brain is rubbish and changes memories over time or just makes things up. And if you're human, your susceptible to it, even if you know it.

So to me theres enough evidence its complete myth and false memory and absolutely none to say it is any way true or based in any truth.

We could ask what the Jump Ranges of the ships in Tau Ceti were? That only matters if we 'found' something, rather than something 'finding' us. We could have found a beacon, a crashed ship, a radio signal, a lot of things that say 'Raxxla' without ever being anywhere near it or meaning it was near Tau Ceti. Just another Frontier red herring and they damn good at that, or just giving minimal info and letting the imagination run wild....
Click to expand...

The X in the system denotes the point (it’s the centre of gravity of co-orbiting stars that some bodies are also then orbiting, but cant remember its proper name) of common gravity around which the bodies are rotating, nothing to do with rogues. A rogue might enter a system, be affected by the gravity (so would show up on the line against an X, or a star), but then its momentum would sling it out of the system again. So the only way to check is the orrery view- all orbits should be circles/ellipses except a rogue where its orbit will not be closed, it will be hyperbolic entering and leaving the system. I suspect it will be shown as distant from the main star(s).

Agree that hearsay is not reliable and the mind plays tricks, so this MB rumour may be total hogswash. On the other hand I don’t expect any statement (whatever it is) by any FD employee in a closed Q&A session would be confirmed - it was private to the invited group. There were several people (presumably attending under some form of NDA, so I’m also not surprised there’s little confirmation) who were claimed to have been there, but there doesn’t seem to be much support so I’m treating it as a possible lead only. It doesn’t help us in any way to locate Raxxla, but might suggest something about its nature. We have very little concrete information to rely on, even the codex contains so much handwavium that IMO it’s unreliable, so conjecture seems appropriate. Tau Ceti as the first recorded mention of Raxxla is given as a “fact”, & therefore seems suggestive. I think from the stated date we have a good lore handle on likely jump ranges around that time.

Incidentally, you said a while ago (https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/the-quest-to-find-raxxla.168253/post-8704196) that DB had said of Raxxla “‘Its like nothing else in game and you will know it if you find it' or words to that effect”. Can you please give me the reference for that to add to the official quotes thread because I’ve never seen or heard of that comment or anything like it.
Last edited: Nov 26, 2020
Reactions:
[PS4] Filthymick420, Rochester and Han_Zen